Full bladder sex

Author: Ally98

*000*2016-12-29 02:16

If you've read my previous experiences you'll know that I've always been too shy to tell my bf about my omorashi fetish. Well, last night, we finally had our first 'omorashi experience' together. The whole thing happened so fast it still feels dreamy XD but here is how it all went:

I was going to move into my bf's place. He has a rental flat of his own and I was so happy when he told me to move in :D we planned to have dinner, watch a movie, and then we'll go back to his place for the night. A bit off topic but the night before I was actually having a sleepover in one of my girl-friend's house (yes I still like sleepovers XD ) she's a really hyper-active girl and she's also really kind and sweet :) She knew it was my 'big day' that day and decided to give me a makeover. We fiddled around with make up for hours (I don't usually use makeup but I do like playing with it :D ). then she lent me an outfit that, according to her, was sure to 'capture my bf's attention'. 

The top was a really tight shirt that I didn't like so I stuck to my plain old T shirt :P she also lent me a pair of skirt that I was hesitant to put on. I practically live in skirts but my skirts mostly have a length of about 5 centimetre above my knee. The one she lent me was one-third that length, and I was feeling pretty shy putting something that short on. But she said my bf would like it so I put it on anyway. I hope I didn't bore you to death with this 'dressing up' stuff XD but I had to say it because that skirt gave me a really awkward night. :/

I met my bf at night. He noticed my skirt was shorter than usual -.- and I could feel my face reddening when I explained I was forced into it. He actually said it looked good on me but that only made me feel more embarrassed XD gosh I don't know if there are any girls here who have had a similar experience but that skirt was the most awkward thing ever. I can't help bringing it up here. When I sat down to have dinner I had to press my hand down to make sure my panties didn't show. For the whole night I kept pulling my skirt down to make sure there weren't any 'slips'. Grrrrr I'm going to kill Cathy for this...

Back to topic, after dinner we went to watch a movie. There was this anime called Your Name that was on its final week in the cinema. Pretty interesting story about a boy and girl switching souls. Gosh I can't imagine how embarrassing it would be if I knew my bf had occupied my body XD halfway through the movie the stuff I drank at dinner was starting to fill my bladder. I wasn't worried at all since there were toilets outside. Normally I would hold my pee till the end since I didn't want to miss any part of the movie. I had devised a way to hold my pee surreptitiously in public with my handbag. I placed it on my lap and pressed the corner of it down onto my vagina.

This was way less awkward than holding myself but had the merit of achieving the same effect. So I held my pee till the end. I honestly had no thought of omorashi when I held my pee. All I wanted was to watch the movie till the end and pee afterwards. My bladder filled fast and by the time the movie was over my midriff was aching. My bf stood up and pulled me up with his giant hand. I actually squealed from the sudden increase in pressure in my bladder. He asked me if I was ok, and I told him, red faced, that I had to pee.

When we got out of the cinema I looked for the toilets immediately. My bf, however, pulled me back and told me to hold it till we reached his place. My bladder was close to bursting now and I was really surprised to hear what he said. I was suspicious: Was he into omorashi?? I think I might have given him the smallest nod ever in the world but at the sight of it, he immediately dragged me to his car and set off for his place.

I was really nervous while I was in the car. Partly because I was afraid I might pee all over my bf's car. Partly because I had no idea where my bf was going along with this. He knows I was born super-shy so whenever we do anything sexual he would always ask if I was ok with it (actually telling him I'm ok with it is the most embarrassing thing ever). What he did this time was very abrupt but I was too shy to ask him about it. I kept my legs tightly crossed with my handbag stuffed tightly on my legs. I had to pee so badly my knees were feeling weak again. But then we reached the inevitable obstacle: traffic. People were going home from work and the road was stuffed with cars. I let out a little gasp when I saw the row of red backlights in front of us. My bf asked me how I felt and I now felt pretty sure he was making me hold my pee on purpose. I told him I needed to pee badly but I couldn't decifer the expression on his face. The car rolled on like a snail.

About 15 minutes later I started crying. I seriously didn't want to pee in my bf's car and the skirt I was wearing was my friend's. I didn't want to pee in that either. At the sound of me crying my bf actually looked worried and he told me we were about to be free of the traffic. My panties were still dry but I was now holding myself with both hands. I felt so awkward sitting there literally massaging my private area but I can't help it. We finally ploughed through the traffic. He asked me how I felt, and I told him I was about to burst. Then he said something I never thought he would. He said he was sorry but he thought I looked really cute when I needed to pee. I could feel myself blushing deeply when he said so. That confirmed all my suspicions. He was an omorashi lover as well.

We reached his place finally. I got off the car and stood expectantly at his door. He took his time taking my luggage from his car. I was dancing on spot. I could feel my bladder losing control. I was at the doorway but I didn't have the keys. He finally finished and came to open the door. Before I could step in, he scooped me up and carried me in! He slid his hand down my skirt and gave my vagina a huge pinch. I almost squealed out loud.

I wanted to tell him to put me down as there might be neighbours who might see us, but what he was doing to my vagina turned my body weaker than jelly, and I couldn't manage a single word.

He brought me to the bathroom. He took my skirt and my panties off. The toilet was right in front of me but before I could sit on it, he lifted me and placed me in the shower. He stepped in with his pants off, and I could see he was fully aroused. He turned on the water and started fingering me. I was torn between the body freezing sensation of being fingered, and the bursting pressure of my bladder. Not going to describe in detail what he did to me, but there is one thing I would like to say.

At one point he kneeled down and actually started licking my vagina! It felt so good and I was pulling on his hair so hard I think I might have pulled some out XD I was really scared I might pee in his mouth as my bladder was still full. But is this normal? Is it normal to lick a girl like this?? Then we had true sex for the first time. In the past all he had done was finger or massage me till I climaxed but this time he actually put his penis in me! It hurt at first but then it felt better and better. I don't want to describe anything in detail but in the end, I orgasmed and peed at the same time. I was so weak after that my bf helped me clean up and shower while we were still in the bathroom.

So that's how I had my first omorashi experience with my bf. At night he gave me the kind option of sleeping in the guest room or sleeping with him. I could feel myself blushing again when I told him unconvincingly I wanted to sleep in the guest room. He knew what I was thinking and asked me if I wanted to sleep with him. I gave another one of my smallest nods ever in the world and off we went to sleep :D on the bed, he asked me whether I was ok with what he did to me. For the first time I didn't feel shy at all, and I told him I enjoyed it as much as he did. :D

*009*2016-12-31 23:41

{{On 12/30/2016 at 10:16 PM, wettingman said:

I am so happy for you for several reasons, not the least of which being that you found an omorashi soul mate. Thank you for sharing your story in your amazing and arousing writing style. I loved it!

Although she was not into what we now call omorashi, my ex-wife enjoyed having sex with her bladder full. Hearing that she was about to pee on the bed during it drove me nuts. Actually, she only leaked a bit once during sex.

}}

Aww thx for saying that, you are so kind :)

*012*2017-01-01 12:15

{{3 hours ago, qpqpqp said:

This is one of the best I've ever read on this site :) If you don't mind answering, was it hard holding it in until your orgasmed?

}}

Yes it was hard. A few times I thought I would loose control but I still managed to hold it in.

