Accident driving home

Author: Afu14567

*000*2020-10-13 03:41

This my first time posting. To give a description of myself I am 5'11 and stocky build.n

I have only just recently started playing with desperation and wetting myself. I work long shifts and had started drinking alot of water toward the end of my shift so by the time I got home I would be desperate. I severely miscalculated and about 30 minutes before my shift change I started become really desperate. I was determined that I was going to get home and decided to keep holding. It was a difficult 30 minutes because I was surrounded by coworkers checking off trucks and giving report. Everytime I made a step my bladder would scream at me and it also made me even more turned on being around everyone. A couple of times I accidentally jarred my bladder and felt small quick spurts come out. I was able to quickly stop but could not grab myself because of the people. I felt wetness on the inside of my uniform pants but knew it wasn't showing because they were dark and shed water very well before soaking through.

I finally get to my truck to head home and it was everything I could do to get inside of it. Sitting down helped for a couple minutes but as I started bumping down the highway it was like lightning shooting through my bladder. I felt my self start to leak again in short bursts. I quickly grabbed my dick and squeezed with everythong I had and was able to stop the flow. I could see and feel the wetness in the crotch of my pants now. I just kept squeezing my now hard dick thinking as long as im hard I cant pee. But it still kept leaking out. I still had 5 minutes left to drive and the more I squeezed the closer I was to cumming and the more I leaked the more turned on I was! I kept trying to stop right at the edge of cumming but a hard bump sent me over the edge. I lost control of everything! I was soaking my uniform pants and having the most intense orgasm of my life at the same time only minutes from my house.

