My sister and I were locked out

Author: April Nine

*000*2021-07-12 12:51

Recently, I've gotten around to talking with my sister about omo. She didn't have any idea what I was talking about but we still had some laughs talking about our experiences which reminded me of some events I forgot about.

This happen when I was in 8th grade and my sister was in 6th. And just to add some context, this was the worst year for both of us. Because both of our school days ended with PE. We had the change so time was limited and there was only 1 stall in the girls locker room - for upwards of 3 classes! Nearest bathroom a floor above. There was also no time to go after class since we had to catch the bus. Plus, PE seemed to make the desperation always worse. My sister had it worse. She had bladder control worse than mine, sometimes having to frequent the bathroom twice in one class - once before and once during. 3 times out of 5 of the week she would wet herself in some form on the way home. Luckily for her, we collectively "hid" her wettings since we did the laundry and mom came home at dinner time. Otherwise, I think our mom would've made her wear diapers to school, something she absolutely hated at the time.

Anyways to the actual story. PE class ended as usual, we got on the bus and sat next to each other. I could tell my sister was already feeling it and I could only hope that she wouldn't completely lose control on the bus. The bus ride took like 20 minutes I think. When we arrived at our stop, I remember having to cover my sisters rear to not get seen. According to her, she was wearing white jeans while I wore pink shorts. She didn't lose full control yet, and only had streaks down her pants. We walked in agony as I was quite desperate at this point. Nothing I wasn't used to as this time though. But the title wouldn't be 'my sister and I were locked out' if we "just made it". No, the title is titled lock out because I completely forgot the keys.

So here we were, at the doorstep of our home, my sister is sweating bullets pacing the porch doing do pee dance, me holding the phone in one hand and my crotch with the other. I desperately called my mom - she said she'd be right home. Well she worked about an hour away so we'd stay locked out. My sister somehow broke the courage from her very shy self to ring the doorbell of our neighbors without even asking me. Yet nobody responded. As she turned around she lost it. A soft hissing filled the air, which only made my desperation worse. Pee began spreading around the porch and eventually got my pants wet. I completely lost it soon after. At the end, our mom came back to 2 of her kids with soaked pants.

