After a long, long, long lag...a Joanne Chronicle story, just happened

Author: justme

*000*2021-02-05 01:05

The long ago at Wet Set (back in the day) I wrote a series of Joanne (the Joanne Chronicles). They've been mentioned recently, here:

%https://www.wetset.net/watersports-bbs/messages/50440.htm

- and here

$/58080-witnesed-accidents/?tab=comments#comment-1761594

So an update as of today. Joanne and I went for a relatively quickly walk. Its been a difficult few months for her, and we almost exclusively talked about what's been going on. I see her every so often (once a month?), and for many months I've not asked and she's not mentioned her frequent accidents. Actually during Covid her accidents have been far less frequent as she's working from home and the toilet is close at hand, but she's had some minor ones (as in dribble/spurts in her panties just at the toilet). As we were almost back at our cars she said, "You've not asked me for a long time about if I've had any accidents.

And today, this morning, I had a huge one. I was awful." Joanne has never liked her accidents, but she knows I love them, and her telling me is a form of flirtation, and as she said 'awful' she smiled knowingly. I asked what happened. She was walking her dog and had had a lot of coffee as she hadn't slept well, a sure indicator that she'll need to pee, but she figured she could hold it. Not too far from her house she totally lost control. "I really, really peed. I soaked my panties totally, and it was cold, so under my jeans but over my panties I had on sort of underwear shorts. Thank god they absorbed a lot of my pee, but my jeans did get wet, and I was soaked on the inside."

She said she was somewhat anxious about meeting a neighbor, and knew her jeans were somewhat wet (in the butt and inside her legs), but not as badly as if she didn't have on the 'underwear shorts'. She made it home without meeting anyone, but "I didn't really know who might have seen me as I was walking really fast and not looking around."

Of course I asked about what type of panties she had on: cotton, light blue cotton bikinis.

I thanked her for volunteering that she had an accident...I will certainly ask more often. Perhaps I'll get lucky and be with her (that has happened more since I stopped writing the Joanne Chronicles), and get even luckier and get some pics or vids. I do have some pics from years past....Gotta love her.

*004*2021-02-06 16:15

She hates diapers...and loves panties...fine with me!

*007*2021-02-08 17:44

Ah, got it. But Joanne is not completely functionally incontinent, indeed, most of the time she gets to the toilet in time...its the not infrequent exceptions that are exciting.

*008*2021-03-23 00:36

Another Joanne walk just now. And some week ago when she told me about a 'huge awful' accident she had the prior day to our walk. The day today, a beautiful early spring day, was a bit more eventful. Both walks await a moment when I have more time, but the 'awful' accident some weeks ago was a full on pants (and of course panties) wetting in public, although there were hardly any people around on the trail where it happened.

Today's walk, also talking a bit about her accidents, but it was cut short by Joanne saying she didn't want to talk about it because she really had to pee and said she wouldn't make it back without wetting her pants, so she managed to find a place to pee, mostly out of sight (funny, she's modest about peeing in front of me, but not about being on a public beach in her panties topless...., or naked). But to my not complete surprise she didn't quite get her black leggings down in time and wet them some...in fact I took some pictures afterwards (but can't post them here...too bad.)

More on both another time...

*009*2022-02-01 01:03

I've not updated Joanne stories for almost 9 months, and there have (no surprise) been more stories, both those Joanne has told me and her increasingly frequent wetting accidents I've witnessed. If there's interest I'll try to back-fill some of those, but here is one from today, well, two, one she told me and one that happened after lunch. First the one she told me.

Joanne was walking her dog in her neighborhood, which is full of hills, mostly pretty steep. She took a longer than usual walk, and a route she'd not take before. Before she left the house she had her espresso (and some water), and peed (in the toilet) before she left. I don't know/didn't ask how long she was gone, but she said the urge to pee came on suddenly when she was pretty far from home, maybe 20 minutes? She headed home and the closer she got the more urgent her need became. The last 5 minutes she said were 'awful'. "I thought I was going to wet myself on the street", she said, but didn't, and kept urging her dog to walk faster.

Her dog was mostly obliging. At her front yard she begin to unlock her garbage door (via an app) but she said she could not stand still and wanted to hold herself but couldn't do that and use her phone app (a two handed process of course). She both 'gave up' and said giving up didn't matter as she had begun to soak her tight leggings (off gray), and just stood in her front yard entirely soaking herself. "My leggings, panties of course, socks and shoes...I was a mess and not happy." I smiled, as she did she, saying "I know you love it." I forgot to ask what type of panties she was wearing, always of interest to me.

And today: we had lunch on a patio of a restaurant. We both drink water follow my coffee, and talked for a while after we finished. We were going for a walk afterwards and both of use were going to pee before we left. She went first: "I really need to pee". I waited while she left, and was gone quite a while, not sure how long, maybe 5 minutes. I figured she had to wait for the toilet. I was right, and waiting caused an accident, not while she waited ("I was fidgeting and holding myself") but as soon as she got to the toilet and begin to unbutton her jeans.

And indeed as she walked out the door it was obvious from the front she had an accident, pee perhaps half way to her knees on one side and less so on the other. "I almost made it, but I guess this makes you happy," she said with humor. I smiled of course and went to take my turn. We walked afterwards, getting in the car to go to the trail. I asked her, gentleman that I am (at least sometimes) if she wanted to go home and change first, but to my surprise she said no, its OK. "I'm probably won't dry soon, but hopefully there won't be many people there." I did take two pictures of her as she came out to the patio, and one more on the trail from the back, as she bent over, her wet streaks having dried a bit by then.

As always, too bad I can't post these pics here (properly edited to unfortunately conceal her very pretty face), but I do understand why this is a policy.....

*011*2022-02-16 16:54

Appreciate the note, and yes, I'm sure more will come...yesterday was a minor but prolonged desperation walk, post tea which ran through her quickly, and we had to turn around to find a toilet, which she did with no mishaps. Of course I was hoping for a different outcome, and she teased me about 'making it on time.' Well, another time I'm pretty sure she won't....

*014*2022-07-12 17:32

Much appreciated. Joanne continues to have accidents, big and small...we talked about them often, and sometimes I witness one. And these days have quite a few pics of her in wet pants....but can't post them here....I'll update at some point the stories.

