First intentional hold/wetting

Author: kydi

*000*2018-09-16 19:28

So I've been into omorashi for a few years now, but I've never really done a full hold and wet myself at the end of it. I love reading about other people's experiences with wetting, but normally I get put off by the first urges I get to go and use the loo, so although I've started holds before, I've never gone through to the end and actually ended up wetting myself! This will be my first story, and my first time actually being anything other than a silent lurked on this site, so I hope you enjoy my story as much as I enjoyed it happening.

I happened to have some spare time today and realised I was quite desperate, so instead of using the loo as normal, I drank more water. I started with two full glasses of water- around 1.25 litres in total- and just messed around for a bit, lying on my stomach and watching YouTube, but comfortable that I could hold on for a lot longer. My bladder was tingling, but it was an enjoyable feeling so I simply lay still and appreciated it. After a while, the feeling became more intense (and I drank another 3 cups as I lay there) and I was forced to move around a little in order to hold on. All this time (about an hour) I was lying on my front, and so I began to notice a pulsating in my bladder as it pressed against the bed, and I took off my belt to give myself a bit more time to hold on. I was, however, in super skinny jeans and the waistline still pressed firmly against my bladder and increased my need.

After a bit longer, I needed to use my hand to hold myself and I squirmed on the bed as I tried to hold on. I stopped my YouTube video, as I was longer able to concentrate properly on it, and instead I went to stand on the pile of towels I'd set up earlier to catch any leaks I might now have. My desperation increased a lot when I finally stood up, with gravity trying to take control of the situation, and I realised that I was probably going to wet myself within the next few minutes.

The aches from my bladder became increasingly acute as I squirmed in place, using both hands to control myself and also bouncing up and down, unable to stand straight without leaking. I managed to hold on for a few more minutes before a wave of desperation washed over me and I spurted a little, making the crotch of my light blue jeans turn a nice dark blue. I leaked again after a minute or two, and it was harder to wrench back control this time, so as I bounced in place, I spontaneously decided to record it. I was a little late in this decision, but now that I had a purpose, I pushed back the idea of peeing as I set up my camera on the floor nearby. 

I wanted to check that the change in colour was visible on camera, but I came so close to wetting myself as I stepped forwards to set down the camera that I had to hope for the best and stand back in the safe zone, bent nearly double with a fresh sensation that finally overcome my self control and I began to pee, taking my hands away from my crotch in relief as the liquid flooded out of me and down my dry legs, spilling out from the bottom onto the towels. It was a lot more than I had expected and totally soaked the back of my trousers along with nearly all of the front. It was such an amazing feeling to have the warm urine rushing down my legs and out of my bladder, and I do wonder how I've never actually done it before- it was truly addictive.

As I type this now, I'm sat on my pile of towels in my lovely wet jeans, relieving myself whenever I feel the slightest urge, and enjoying every moment of it.

I hope to do it again soon! In the meantime, enjoy these pictures I took of my lovely wet jeans.

20180916_184809_001.mp4

$$

$$

$$

$$

