Incontinent Parenting

Author: mastersnothing

*000*2017-08-22 00:38

[ For those new to my entries: I am 100% piss incontinent and am ONLY allowed to use the toilet to mess. Period. and an My Master is a kind, loving Owner – and an amazing, strong, wonderful Father to His Son. ]

UPDATES:

Master's Son is growing so fast it breaks my heart; Master says His Bram is the finest Prince the world will ever know (Master is so adorable). When I first gave birth to Master's Son, I wore diapers for a while and I slept in the nursery so I could breastfeed His Prince. However, now that Bram is getting older, we have given Him His own room and I have gone back to no diapers in the house. I still maintain the extra bedroom Master set up for me - and I have though it would be a lie to say I'm always pleased with things, it would not be a lie to say I'm at least 95% happy with everything.

Master has already told me He will breed me again after His Son turns two! I'm so excited and I can't wait!

My family have started to come around and are trying to be as supportive of my lifestyle as possible – they love Master and me, of course, and they ADORE Master's Son - so, I'm grateful for their love and their efforts.

###

STORY TIME:

(A few short quips and musings about being a nude-at-home, incontinent, owned-slave, parent)

"Anna." I heard my name through the fog of the dream I was currently trapped in...I gave a small moan, hoping to "scare" it away - however, it was the cooling puddle of piss beneath my nude ass that started to bring me towards an alert state.

"Hmm?" I asked as my heavy eyes started to open and Master's face came into focus.

"Silly, nothing – My Son is awake from His nap – get up, girly - and get His lunch ready." Master smiled and kissed my forehead and I started the process of sitting up, remembering how to stand and slowly made my way to the kitchen.

"Yes, Sir," I yawned as the cool of the kitchen tile shot through my feet and peaked my bare breasts to form hardened diamond-like nipples on the tips. I felt the warmth start trickling down my inner thighs as I opened the fridge and got out all the ingredients for Master's Son's lunch, and soon a puddle formed at my feet when my bladder let completely go (as it does from time to time). Having been incontinent for a while now, I never have to push to get a good stream going, rather it falls out at its own speed and of its own accord.

"Careful," I heard Master talking to His Son as Bram tried to run into the kitchen to greet me. "Mommy's had an accident, she's getting your food so go wait on Daddy's couch and I'll bring you your drink."

###

A few months after Master bought His house and moved me into it, He put up a large privacy fence around our backyard – it comes in handy when you're on all fours, helping Master's Son stay upright in the kiddie pool and you're slowly leaking urine onto the grass every 10-25 minutes or so.

It also comes in handy when you've made Master mad and His nothing has to mess outside, like an animal, for two weeks. :( That is enough humiliation for me to NEVER want to make Master mad ever again (but let's get real, we know it will happen); those were also the 2 weeks I had to sleep in the kennel, in Master's closet every night. /sigh/

###

I love the bathroom stalls with the changing table inside the actual stall, for those times you have to change Master's Son's diaper and your own.

###

I have missed you A/all and will be posting more as time goes on. Master will proof-read this before I post it – and will also read your comments, but Master loves this site and how comforting and supportive E/everyone is.

*002*2017-08-25 22:08

{{On 8/23/2017 at 5:12 PM, jiffyomo said:

Bless your heart youre so dedicated! Great post. Anxiously awaiting your next.

}}

Thank You! ^_^

Master has also recently given me permission to write some fiction stories as well, so be on the look out for them, please!

And thank You for Your support, it means the world!

