Ex-Gf's little secret #2

Author: RealDreamer

*000*2016-09-22 05:00

Since some of you liked my older story about my ex-Gf , let me talk about another of her many experiences. I found them very arousing and would demand to hear these sexy stories from time to time. She would be very hesitant at first but over time, she got more relaxed and talked much more freely about her many small and large accidents...This next one also happened pretty early in our relationship and she told me about this many months later....

###

So we sometimes used to bunk classes in college and hang out / go to the movies with friends etc. It was this hot summer day that we suddenly decided to watch a new movie that had been released and a few of us friends planned to bunk the afternoon classes and go watch our favorite hero in action ! Outside our department building I noticed my ex-girlfriend and quickly told her the plan and that we had to leave quickly as the movie was gonna begin in 30 mins. She agreed, then hesitated and then said, she had to "freshen up"... the term she used was funny...the first time she said "freshen up" I was like, yea, there would be other time to put make up on, come on...you look fresh..lol...I was so naive...Indian girls tend to be very secretive about their bodily needs and in the early stages of our relationship, my ex was too...she then whispered, "No, I have to use the restroom...give me 3 mins"...my friends decided to move on ahead of us and buy tickets for us when we would come. 

Me and my ex would come later, we decided. So I waited outside the building as she went in and after nearly 10 mins she came out looking all flushed and quickly told me she wanted to wear a prettier dress I had to wait 10 more minutes while she went to her hostel. I was quite angry by this point and remember getting mad at her for keeping me waiting and then all my other friends at the hall who would be waiting with the tickets too. But then, I relented, and she quickly went to her hostel and was back. Everything after that went blissfully as we had a nice experience at the movies in more ways than one...in those crowded college days, the darkness of the movies gave space for a lot of "exploration" for us kids ! I never suspected why she had to "change to a prettier dress" and had thought it was one of those girl things ...it was only later, many months later, that the truth was revealed.....Lets hear it from my ex herself

###

When I had to go immediately to the movies, I realized I had been holding in my pee for a long time. Since the morning I had not been to the restroom and while I was not very desperate, the sudden idea that we had to leave immediately hit me and my bladder hard. And you ? You did not even understand when I first told you...idiot....Well, I hurried inside the department, looking to quickly relive myself. Those days, the department had very few girls studying and had only one girls' toilet on the second floor. 

For about the ~25 girls studying in the department across various years in engineering that was the only toilet. As I went up the stairs, I could feel my need to pee rapidly increase. As I neared the toilet, the proximity to relief seemed to increase my needs suddenly. I saw a first year girl enter the restroom in front of me : there were two cubicles inside and I prayed one be empty ! I went to the toilet door and pushed it open with urgency. The other girl standing inside looked up at me and smiled.

"Hi didi (elder sister: a common phrase), how are you doing?" she said. I realized both the cubicles were occupied and she was the next in line. "I am great, how are things ?" we started to talk and chat about things as we waited in line. Somehow being near to relief made my need worse....very much worse. I did not understand how, but I suddenly realized I was very close to losing control. But here I was in front of another girl, junior to me, who was talking with me and I had to pretend everything was prefect. I tried to press my thighs and cross my legs discreetly but I had to take care that she did not realize I was close to bursting. 

We stood there chatting for a good 3-4 mins as I was nearing my bursting point every second. Once I thought I should request her to let me go first but then,my pride took over. Surely I could hold it a little bit more ? A cubicle flushed and a girl came out as the first year girl slowly went in. "She didn't even need to go as bad as me" I groaned secretly to myself as I was now next in line. My phone started to ring....you were calling me...probably wanting me to hurry up...ahhh...why now ? I know I have to come quickly but I am so near an accident...I need to focus..cant pick your call now...I was in real agony...

Suddenly in the midst of all this panic, a spurt escaped my pussy lips and wet my panties. I gasped in horror but being so near relief somehow meant I was losing control much faster. Whats with me and toilet lines ? Whenever I stand in line for the restroom, I often leak a little...another spurt...this time almost a second...I could feel my panties getting wetter as I realized I had to swallow my pride and knock on the door to ask the girl to hurry up...I was in complete panic now. As another wave of desperation hit me, another spurt escaped...this time I could feel the first drops on my upper thigh. I was almost on the verge of tears...suddenly the cubicle flushed. The sound of the running water brought out another spurt that I quickly controlled...as I took a deep breath, the cubicle opened and one of our friends came out. She smiled at me and tried to talk about something but I had no time. 

I mumbled "sorry, talk soon" and went in, not trying to show my extreme state of desperation. As I closed the door, I lost another spurt. I quickly pulled my jeans down and let out a gusher....on inspection I realized my panties were quite wet...and while my jeans didn't show any stains I was sure if I sat with those wet panties for sometime, my jeans would also become wet. So I told you I had to put on a prettier dress and I went quickly and got changed !! That was a real close call...dunno why, I can't really be in front of a toilet and wait for any reasonable amount of time...thats just how my mind and bladder works sometimes....well, hope you liked that one dear.....now remember, its just for you...so keep this a secret !! Shhhhh....

*001*2016-09-27 13:31

Does anyone have suggestions on how I can improve my writing ?

