A passion of love and pee

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2017-04-23 17:17

Wow...... i dont know where to begin, a night that started good, then had some issues, but got amazing again in the end. Hope you enjoy!

So it started off with my step dad saying he was staying with a friend in the next town over and he wouldnt be back by morning. This made me super excited and i texted my man.

Me: Hey, Step dad leaving and not coming back till tomorrow, wanna do a hold tonight together?

Babe: Yea! My brother isnt coming home until tomorrow morning, I'd love to.

So went and peed before we started skyping, it was gonna be a few hours before we could skype. I picked out some panties to wear for the wetting so i found an old pair from when i was 5. They are blue and have little elephants on them and were super tight against me. i know i have a larger bladder than most people do so i started holding early.. bad idea.

We get on skype and we start talking about random things like always and watching some comedy gamers on youtube. We are both laughing and im drinking more and more water. 7:30 hits i have to pee bad. He tells me to go since itll be a few hours anyway and i can refill.

So i go then come back and we continue, i start drinking more water. Two hours passi and im squirming like crazy, trying to find a comfortable position, i cant, so i get up and pee again. 10:30 hits and i have been refilling again, and now im crossing my legs and moving constantly. My man is watching the entire time loving it. Everytime we laughed while watching videos i had to pee more. I told him i dont think i can hold it for two more hours. He told me based on how much water im drinking ill refill in no time. So i went and peed again

As soon as i got back i felt the urge to go again but instead i refilled again, slower this time. All of a sudden my intense amount of holding that i wasnt used to was taking a toll and i started having gas pain. Its 11:30 and we are preparing at midnight. My man looking concern of how much pain im in since he has never seen this before. "Babe are you ok? This isnt normal, go do something about it, i dont want you in pain". I nodded and went to the bathroom to see if maybe i just had to go the second one, but instead it was begging me to pee.

I sat down and peed, but made sure not to empty completely. I felt so much better! As i got back i started refilling again. Soon it was midnight and he prepared his bed for the wetting and got changed in his briefs (which my god he looks hot as hell in!) My bladder was already refilling quickly. The pain came back and was agonizing but i didnt let go. I was gonna pee with my man. He didnt drink as much water as i did and get depserate in time. I was laying on my back fanning my legs, which helped for a bit, then nothing could.

I began pressing down on my underwear to keep it all in, getting largge urges to just let it out. He wasnt as depserate as me but said soon he would be with the amount he drank. 10 minutes later nothing. I was near tears desperate which i havent been in years. I asked him if there was any way to speed it up because i just couldnt keep it going much longer.

He tried but soon i was at my limit. All i wanted to do was pee, and i was gonna pee now! "Babe i cant, i cant anymore, it hurts so badly, i cant take it anymore the pain is going to my sides i gotta pee!" He looked concerned which was sweet "Ok then lets go now, i dont want you in pain sweetie, just get in position and we'll let go ok?" I nodded. I got into position, i had set up two trashbags under me taped together since they were small. I spread my legs wide and so did he. "You ready baby? Let go?" I nodded "Yeaa i cant hold it"

I usually tense up since my body knows it isnt the toilet, but in this case that didnt happen. A wet spot formed quickly on my panties and i laid back and moaned at the top of my lungs. A large wet spot grew under me faster and faster. He began to let go, slowly turning his briefs clear and sitting in his own puddle. I melted and sat in my glorious puddle and was so happy and shocked. "Do you feel better baby? He asked. I moaned in response "Mhmmmm ohhh baby its so warm!" I said with a smile and cupped my puddle and dripped it on my legs and my panties.

He was so happy to see me enjoying it and did the same. Now for something i didnt want to find out. I checked one side and felt under the trash bags and felt it was dry. I felt on the other side and my heart dropped..... it was wet...."Babe whats wrong?" I got up as quick as possible and threw off the sheet and looks under the bag..."It didnt work...." i said close to tears. His tone changed "What?! How?! Thats impossible" i told him they were two trashbags taped together and i guess i didnt tape them well. "Ohhhhh baby im so sorry...." It soaked my matress heating pad, which i didnt know how to fix.

The matress was fine, and he sighed in relief of that. He asked me if he should clean up because i had to clean mine asap, i told him he could do what he wants since i know he still was filling. We both cleaned up, i was having trouble with things and began screaming in anger and crying softly. He didnt say a word but i knew he was there. I took him into the laundry room where i began to scrub the heating pad. "Baby i know i seem mad but im ok, i promise" he nodded "If you say so sweetie, im just concerned for you" i couldnt help but smile.

"Babe im not worried anymore, i cleaned this and the matress is fine, there are no problems no more, i just panicked, and now i dont even regret getting this wet, im still in the mood, the mood isnt ruined, i havent wet my bed in 11 years and it felt amazing, and im so happy i did it with you" He smiled at me and went awww. I cleaned everything, i was butt ass naked and went to reset my bed up.

My matress was a little damp but i was able to clean it. He smiled "I got the best view in the world" he said. I smiled. Once the bed was set back up i sat down and looked at him. We both blushed and smiled at each other, my heart was pumping a mile a minute. "Babe it was so worth it, i never felt that good before and im so happy i got to do it with you" He smiled "It was amazing with you too baby" We both sat there lost for words "I want you here, holding you in my arms and kissing you" he said. "I love you"

"i love you too baby" I got a tingle between my legs "You wanna have some fun?"

We got set up, both naked and went to town. I was moaning louder then ever. "You have no idea how bad i want you baby" i moaned. "I want you sitting right here, as i shove my cock in your pussy, facing me and kissing you" i moaned loudly as he said this. "I cant believe i peed the bed, making a large puddle and wetting my panties" He moaned "You are such a bad girl". "I cant help it baby i couldnt hold it no more, i had to pee, im such a naughty bad girl"

"Yes yes you are such a bad girl, wetting your panties like that". I moaned louder "Am i your bad little girl baby?" I ask innocently. "Yes you are MY bad little girl, if you were sitting right here id give you a spank". I moaned louder and rubbed my pussy faster and faster, seeing him stroke his cock faster and harder."Baby i love you so much" i said softy. "I love you too baby" I grabbed another vibrator and rubbed it between my pussy and smiled "I bet you want this to be you dont you? Pushing deep inside of me, feeling how wet and tight my pussy is?"

"Mmmmm i wanna push my big cock deep inside of you, it would feel amazing" I gasp and moan louder, pushing the vibrator deep inside of me "Yess baby fill me, i can feel you pushing deep inside of me, the tip is hitting my bladder, i gotta go potty again". He moaned louder and stroked himself faster "I can feel it sweetie, it feels so good! Im never gonna stop" I had to pee again very badly as i rubbed myself "Mmmm baby if i was there, bouncing on your cock, id just let go and pee all over your cock". He groaned in delight "Mmmm such a naughty girl, that would feel so good".

I go faster and faster, gasping, pushing it in and out of me faster. "Yea baby thats it faster, pound my pussy faster!" I start moaning louder and louder than ever, almost screaming. "Yessss baby im never gonna stop! Can you feel it? It feels so good!" I felt my orgasm coming closer and closer "Ohhhh baby im getting close, dont stop dont stop im gonna cum!" I gasped and moaned louder, practically screaming "Ohhhhh fuck BABY IM CUMMING, IM GONNA CUM ALL OVER YOUR COCK!!!" I gasped as my hips rose. " MMMMM YES BABY IM GONNA CUM DEEP INSIDE OF YOUR PUSSY!" He yelped back at me."CUM BABY CUM DEEP INSIDE ME OHHHHHH!"

We both came together hard, moaning and panting loudly. I came so hard that i began to pee on the towel i was on but stopped the flow. I was lost for words after everything that just happened, i wet the bed for the first time in years, and just had the most passionate moment ever with my man, and we got to share it together. I got into my pjs and climbed under the blankets "I wish i was there cuddled with you and we could sleep together" i told him with a yawn. "Me too baby, soon though" he said. "I love you so much.... i never wanna loose you, ill always be your girl" i said as i laid down. He smiled "Im not going anywhere, im all yours forever".

(Ik it was long, we did all this from 6:30pm until 4am, hope you guys enjoyed it, let me know what you think, these are photos of me in my puddle)

$$

$$

*003*2017-04-23 22:36

I cut up two trashbags and taped them under my sheets , not well enough since i leaked on my heating pad for my mattress, i got some laundry soap and cleaned off the pee from the heating pad and threw the sheets in the wash with no problem, my step dad was gone all night and i got everything clean and dry before he came back, he goes out for hours on some nights so i do it when i have time to myself

