Peeing in Cosplay

Author: Averylynn

*000*2016-12-08 08:39

This happened a few weeks ago, and I swear it was probably one of the hottest experiances of my life.

Note: I'm doing a hold while I write this so if I seem frantic that's probably why.

A few weekends ago my datemate, we're gonna call them M, and I were toking and talking about a thing that happened about a month ago where my datemate got really pee frustrated and even though they had to go they couldn't.

They know about my omo thing and they're also into omo (I feel like probably a lot less than me but honestly that's still more than I ever thought possible) so I told them that I really wanted them to sit on my lap and make out with them until they pissed themselves but they didn't have a change of pants. We also talked about that one day happening when we live together probably, but yeah a good potion of that smoke session was talking about piss related stuff.

I think M got this idea when I mentioned wanting to do some cosplay stuff (for those of you know what it is) I really wanted to dress up as Nepeta from Homestuck and take a video peeing through panties into a litter box, I can't really think of many others right now, but yeah I planned a lot in high school that I wanted to do once it was legal but haven't gotten around to.

I think I've mentioned this before, but I do cam work from time to time, and I usually offer the person I'm dating videos. Not long after we came in from smoking I mentioned that I still hadn't made them a video yet and we'd been together 8 months, so I told them to text me a description of what kind of video they wanted.

I thought it would be the same kind of video my ex's had wanted for those... lonely nights, but I got a message with a very brief description.

"Harley Quinn cosplay wetting"

Now that didn't give me much description but M had bought me like half of my Harley Quinn costume, the least I could do was piss myself in it. So two days later, I didn't pee when I woke up at 9 am. I was determined to get fuller than I ever had before. I drank some apple juice, an XL coffee, hot chocolate and started drinking a bottle of gaterade all before 12.

Around then I started to really feel it kicking in, but I hadn't done my makeup yet or got on my costume. So I did what any normal person would do and instead went outside for a couple of bong tokes first. I still hadn't given up on nano yet so I planned to go inside at 500 words.

It was painful as hell, I struggled the entire time but I had to do this! I then realized I still hadn't eaten breakfast yet, so once I went back inside, I made myself a fried egg sandwitch and put on an episode of the office. I then wasn't allowed to go get my costume or makeup on till that was over, but by the time I finished making the food the episode was halfway over anyways so I had to watch another entire episode.

By this point I was fantasizing about just letting it go in my pj pants right there. We have a leather couch, it could be cleaned easily enough...

By the end of the episode I had my hand shoved in my crotch trying to hold it for longer. By now it was almost 1, and I was holding back tears, but God it felt so so good. I quickly did my makeup, went out for another toke and then went straight to my room for a lonely night in the middle of the day, which turned to two. The second time I came, I ended up peeing a bit too, I was quickly able to stop it but I still had to struggle with my corset and get my wig on and set up my laptop. Tears were streaming down my face and I was so so glad I didn't go with the water colour face paint for this. I hurriedly managed to get it on, my bladder bulge was so big I struggled with getting my corset on but I managed!

I set my laptop up on the closed toilet seat in my bathroom and talked to M through the camera for about five minutes, three minutes of which I don't stop crying and moving, and rubbing myself, and then for the next almost two minutes straight I peed. It felt so good I ended up having a third orgasam just from the relief, although literally the entire bathroom floor was soaked, there wasn't a dry spot anywhere and it took four towels to totally dry up. But getting my datemate's reaction back was totally worth it.

*002*2016-12-12 09:11

{{On 09/12/2016 at 8:42 PM, No_One_Man said:

M is ridiculously lucky. Peeing with someone in cosplay is a big fantasy of mine. Thank you for the story!

}}

Ahh haha it was something I really enjoyed doing and have wanted to do for years, M just gave me an excuse. It's just to bad that my shorts weren't a good material and you can't see much, other wise I would have taken screen shots of the video

