Our first skype wetting

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2017-04-22 17:54

So this was my full night of fun i wanted to write about it. As im still recovering from how amazing it is.

Me and my lover were skyping like we do every night, when we got really lucky. My former stepdad left for a few hours and his brother wasn't coming home tonight (they share a room) so we both had our places to ourselves..... we wanted to have some fun

The glasses began to fill as we began our fun. He had more water then i did since i cant drink so much water without feeling sick. I had about three large glasses, while he had around the same or one or two more. He began to make a homemade matress protector with a trash bag to put under the sheets. He sat there in a t shirt and briefs and i sat in a shirt in panties.

We both talked casually about things as our bladders began filling up. He started to feel a bit of pressure in his bladder and i was beginning to feel it too. After a few minutes we couldnt move due to the large urges we were having. He was beginning to hold himself and i was occasionally rubbing myself a little. "Babe i really need to go" he said. I smirked at him "Im sure you can hold it baby" i told him. He smiled and kept still, we squirmed occasionally and he kept telling me how bad he wanted to let it out and soak himself. I smiled and told him to hold it each time.

Not soon after, he began wiggling "Baby i cant hold no more, all i wanna do is let it out, im about to let go" he said. I nodded and went into my bathroom and sat on the shower floor. We both got ready to let the floodgates open.....we got stuck. It took a minute for our bladders to give the ok and soon it happened. A wet spot formed slowly on my panties and began pooling under my ass. My man let go and his briefs immediately changed color, as it sprayed through his briefs and made a large puddle under him.

We both moaned and gasped, enjoying it together. Once he was done he smiled and cupped a bit of pee in his hands and rubbed it all over his cock. "Babe its so warm.... ohhh it feels good" i smiled at him. I was soaking wet, soaked with pee and soaked for him.

"Mmmmm baby you are so fucking hot im soaking wet right now and horny as hell". He smiled at me "You wanna have some fun?" I smirked "You dont gotta ask twice. I got up and stripped my panties in front of him and used them to wipe up any pee that didnt go down the drain. I sat them in warm water and cleaned myself off then put my panties in the wash.

I set up a towel on my bed and got my vibrator out. He pulled out his cock and stroked it more intesely than ive ever seen before! I was dripping wet that it was making it hard to keep the vibrator in place. He was cupping more pee and dripping it on his cock as we moaned and enjoyed every feeling corsing through us. "Mmmmmm babe you are so bad, you couldnt hold it could you?" I said seductively. He moaned "I just couldnt, it feels so good sitting in my warm puddle, im soaked and it isnt water, we peed, its so naughty".

I nodded and went faster and faster, moaning and telling him how much i loved him. "Mmmmm baby i wanna be there right now and i want that to be me instead of your hand" i said, watching his hand stroke himself i wanted to be there sitting right on it. "I would love feeling every inch of my cock deep inside your pussy". This made me shake and gasp as a shot of pleasure ran through my body. He is still getting used to some new things we try, talking dirty is one of them. Hearing him say that got my body running quick. The wet spot on his bed expanded large it almost covered 1/4th of the bed (thank god he had the bag under it to protect the matress)

"I want to be deep inside your pussy right now, feeling how warm and wet you are". I moaned as i was getting more and more sensitive down there as he talked dirty to me."Ohhh baby i want your cock deep in me, i want you to make me yours, i want you to be my first and last man that goes inside of me". "Ohhh sweetie i want you to be the first and last girl that i go into". (Yes we are both virgins) I was breathing heavier and heavier, panting and moaning. I used another broken vibrator i had and pushed it inside of me, its very thin so my cherry is still in tact. (Yes i know that, its barely as wide as two fingers) "I wanna be there right on your lap while we sit in your puddle together getting wet". I moaned.

"Mmmmm baby yesss i want this to be you, deep inside of me" i moaned louder and louder. "I want it to be me too baby, you are so sexy". My pace got quicker and so did his, going faster and faster . "I love being your naughty wet little girl who pees herself" i said with a gasp. "I love being your naughty man".

Suddenly my legs began to shake and my body was going crazy. My hips rose up and my breathing quickened. "Ohhhhh baby im cumming! Dont stop dont stop keep going please dont stop!" I semi screamed, believing the vibrator was him thrusting faster in me. "Im never stopping baby im gonna cum too!" I was screaming in pleasure as i was about to burst. "Cum! Cum with me baby cum now dammit i want you to cum!" I said to him as we both moaned loudly and came hard.

Soon we cleaned up and he cleaned his bed off and we laid there. We showed each other our favorite stuffed animals as we both cuddled under our own blankets. We talked for hours, feeling natural like we were really there next to each other. "I wanna just hold you in my arms and do this everyday with you" he told me softly. I smiled "Soon baby, sooner than you know it i will be there and we will lay in each others arms forever". He smiled and we both saw it was getting really late ( 2 am for him, 5 in the morning for me) and we said goodnight and ended the call, sleeping knowing tonight was wet, fun, and full of love.

(hope you guys enjoyed it, i know most is kinda what we did after the wetting but we still loved pointing out that we wet ourselves during our fun. Let me know what you guys think)

*002*2017-04-22 18:12

{{21 minutes ago, LunasAuditor said:

Well I seem to say it a lot on this forum, but WOW!!!! (I think it's because thanks to you and others like you we have an amazing talent pool on this site!!)

That is incredibly hot, and sounds like you're seriously lucky having someone to share your fetish and your relationship with! I hope you guys do get the chance to get together some time, and that it's every bit as amazing as you make it over skype!!

}}

Its our first real relationship where we have someone to share all the same interests and opinions and we have the same omo fantasies and neither of us have too much in common where there is nothing new to share, but not too much uncommon stuff to make us not match together, im flying to be with him in june :) will keep everyone posted of the experiences

*004*2017-04-22 18:17

{{13 minutes ago, LunasAuditor said:

Well as long as he's not some psycho or something - but if he's willing to expose himself (quite literally!) to you on skype too then I'd take that as a promising sign of trust!! I seriously envy you, or possibly him (not sure! ) and hope it all works out well!!

}}

Nah ive had many psychos in my previous relationships, he is the first genuine guy ive ever met, he is one of those cute charming guitar playing romantic guy

