Stuck Zipper After Endgame

Author: ItsKayla

*000*2019-05-01 14:39

Hey guys! So I finally watched Endgame after it came out, there was some desperation and wetting involved in it.

Right after Endgame came out I wanted to get a ticket as soon as I could, but the movies were so jammed with people that I could only watch it on Monday. I planned to watch it right after dinner at about 7.30pm. The film lasted for 3 hours and it will end at 10.30pm.

Description phrase: I am very short, about 5’2 and 95 lbs in weight. Long flowing blonde hair. I brought a jacket in my bag, and dressed myself in a bra, white shirt, panties and a pair of micro jeans to look pretty. (I was so stupid to forget how cold the cinema can be) At about 5.45pm I put on my makeup, peed and left the house.

Entering the mall at about 6 I immediately went to Mcdonalds and ordered their upsized burger(I can’t remember which one, sorry) a large coke and some fries and began to eat. It was then I noticed my need to pee. It was mild at about 3/10 and I ignored it and finished my food and that large cup of sprite. I was still thirsty and ordered another coke. Big mistake: I should have bought it during the movie. I finished all these at about 6.30pm. There was still an hour before the movie began so I went window shopping, trying out the dresses and skirts they had on sale.

Time passes really fast when we do whatever we enjoy, right? In a flash it was already 7.15, and I put down the clothes to make way for the cinema. As usual I wanted to get myself a large drink (another big mistake) and some popcorn. In line I noticed the urge to pee was stronger at about 6/10. This is where I normally would start getting a little squirmy and look for a bathroom. I crossed my legs and squeezed my thighs together in line to help me hold it. Finally it was my turn to order. “Large coke and popcorn please” I said as I fidgeted slightly behind the counter. I checked my time after getting my stuff, it was about 7.25, I still had time for a bathroom break. I shuffled there and relieved myself in preparation for the movie.

On hindsight, I realised that at that point of time I had 2 drinks circulating through my system, and another large one was about to come in. My bladder was going to fill up very quickly.

I carried my popcorn and drink and sank into my seat, getting ready for the 3 hour long movie. I had just relieved myself so I was relatively confident that I would get through the whole thing without having to leave for the bathroom. I crunched some popcorn and gulped my drink, having nothing to do but watch the boring advertisements roll on. Finally the movie began. To my astonishment I have already gulped down about half my bottle of drink. Nothing too interesting happened to my bladder…

UNTIL an hour and a half into the movie. My need for the bathroom was 7/10, I crossed my legs tighter together as I was already sitting crossed legged trying not to squirm, while hugging myself tightly because of the cold. So there I was, a small and weak girl sitting in the middle of a cinema with a rapidly filling bladder and shivering from the cold. I put on my jacket to protect those bare arms. To be honest I was astonished how my need has grown so fast, I then realised the amount of liquid in my system: 3 large drinks in total. If it was any other short movie I would have made it through all fine, but this was a way more interesting and longer one, which prevented me from running to the bathroom. With no choice, I uncrossed my legs and crossed them the other way, pressing my thighs tightly together.

About 45 minutes left I was really desperate for the bathroom, my need was at a 8.5/10 and I was REALLY squirming in my seat trying not to leak. I finished my drink by then, and was really starting to regret it. I had a hand firmly between my tightly crossed legs blocking my pee hole trying not to leak, and bouncing my legs up down left right frantically. Then the first leak came: my pee hole opened momentarily only to be closed by my instincts and hands milliseconds later, but that was enough for some amount of pee to gush out of my bladder, dampening my panties. I felt a warm feeling in my crotch area. I assessed the damage using my hands, the wet spot was not showing through on my jeans, but it was definitely wet inside. I continued my little discreet pee pee dance within my seat, trying to delay the leaks and holding my bladder which was begging for release. My need shot up to a 9, occasionally spiking onto 10.

With 10 minutes to go I was bouncing like a mad girl trying to hold back the 3 large drinks I foolishly had. I was constantly checking the time to see how close I was to relief, as my need was at a solid 10. Both my hands were buried deep within my crotch grasping at my pee hole trying to stop the leaks, but they kept coming. I was literally dribbling every few seconds. By then the wet spot was already visible on my micro jeans as I felt my crotch cold and wet. My crotch felt really cold but I still had to hold on.

I did not know how I got through that 10 minutes without completely losing it in my seat. The lights came back up and I could examine my wet spot more clearly. I blushed in embarrassment as I noticed my butt was wet as well, the front of my jeans were certainly a darker shade of the usual blue. Coming back to my pee dance I grabbed my crotch desperately losing spurts into my panties and some drops even soaking my seat. I planned to run right to the bathroom after the post-credit scene I was looking forward to. As I spurted more and more I watched the credits scroll by, but another 10 minutes passed without a scene. I then noticed there was no end-credit scene and why the person next to me left so early. Carrying my empty drink and popcorn carton I stood up, and my pee hole immediately opened and I lost control for a full 2 seconds. I bent forward with a damp hand in my crotch stopping the flow and feeling a warm stream cascade down my thighs and legs.

I took my jacket and hobbled to the bathroom. I really could not hold it anymore. There was no queue to the ladies, because of my stupidity to wait for the non-existent end credit scene. I rushed into the cubicle, a hand in my crotch fighting a losing battle while the other locking the door and hanging my jacket on the door. With the toilet so close to me my need increased ten-fold. Shaking my tightly crossed legs I unbuttoned my jeans, losing another spurt, and tried to unzip it. With me being so close to relief, the vice grip of the jeans was not helping, I had to pee really really badly. I tried to unzip it 3 more times and failed, it just wouldn’t budge and stayed there stubbornly. 

Finally, my tired floodgates opened, and it happened. Transparent liquid gushed out of my body with a loud hissing sound, through my panties, completely destroying the bottom of my micro jeans, and running down my legs. Warmth spread to my legs, my bladder finally found relief after all that torture, just not in the right place. I gasped and moaned in relief quietly and stood there, enjoying the relief. My pee pooled around my legs and ran into the stall next to mine. I really pity the cleaners but what could I do…

I then made my way back home. I tied my jacket behind me to cover my glistening butt but my front had a revealing wet spot and was uncovered. On the way back home some people gave me weird stares but nothing too eventful happened.

So that was my story! I probably should not drink too much before movies next time. Thanks for reading, hope you liked it! I would be doing other desperation scenes in the future so please stay tuned for that!

Kayla

*009*2019-05-02 12:33

Thanks everyone for the positive response! Glad you all liked it!

{{18 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I found that very enjoyable. Obviously you want us to and it sounded like you did enjoy it a bit. I hope the seat wasn't too damaged (where I am the seats are leather so easier to wipe dry and I bet they check them extra well for that movie), and lesson learned. Though, once you started wetting yourself all the way, I would have sat on the toilet to avoid getting most of it on the floor.

}}

Maybe that is true, but every time these latch-key wettings happen to me somehow I would just lose my sense of rational thought and would just stand there enjoying the relief.

Also I was wondering how do I rank up? It still shows that I'm at 'Empty' but I saw lots of people with more cooler ranks. Can anyone provide insights on that? Thanks

*014*2019-05-04 14:21

{{On 5/3/2019 at 12:40 AM, GreenChile said:

Awesome story, just hypothetically, what would you have done if the bathrooms had a line, would you have attempted to walk home?

Your rank will change as you keep posting...

}}

Never thought of that, but normally if there is a line and I'm desperate enough I would go to the front of the line and plead and beg them if I could go first and then do the pee pee dance to look really desperate and convincing. Normally they would let me but if they don't then yeah maybe I will walk home.

*016*2019-05-05 03:34

{{10 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I know you want us to enjoy it either way, but did you find it enjoyable in the long run, besides the relief?

}}

What do you mean by the long run? I enjoyed the desperation before the relief too.

