Adding More Laundry to the Pile

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2018-01-19 21:14

This event is from a couple months back, solely based on my memory of her telling me her accident. No description or actual name will be provided due to my girlfriend's request.

Starting a new day not so bright, but definitely early at about 4 AM, Shauna awakes. All of her roommates were still asleep so she carefully rose from her bed and gathered the accumulating mass of used clothes that she developed overtime to be washed. With load in grip, the early riser left her room silently without waking the dead sleep.

Upon rising out of bed, Shauna knew there was an additional chore to take care of, and given the people who read this, should know exactly what her problem was. Super late procrastination work time! I mean, she has to pee, pretty badly too since the last time she went was about 6:00 PM yesterday. That shouldn't be an issue though, she's dealt with this situation worse in the past (all thanks to me).

So Shauna ignored the feeling and continued forward, down a small set of stairs and a hallway to the laundromat. Along the short walk was a door that led to a perfectly usable bathroom. Did she enter? No, this laundry is more important, she can't wear filthy clothes. Besides, she'll go when she finishes the load, not a problem. Going through the door to the laundry room, she sees darkness, an empty line of washers and dryers, and nothing else, good. After turning on the light, she briskly moves towards one of the machines to get started ASAP.

As Shauna stuffed the mechanical turkey with garments, her legs were pressed together like glue was slathered between them. She eyed the door behind her, reconsidering her choice, wetting herself would be silly since she can go at anytime and would be humiliating, but she was getting close to done, so it shouldn't be long. Continuing the task became more cumbersome, mindlessly throwing clothes into the washer and dryer, so dull that her bladder protested with a spasm. Instantly, Shauna stopped working and yelped a small squeal. Her lower half was managing poorly right now, feeling a small leak on her flower designed panties.

Taking a few seconds to recompose herself, she organized the clothes with some haste, she knew she couldn't last long.The odds against her, Shauna definitely wanted to finish setting up the machines, she wasn't going to waste a couple of minutes on her body's demands and would rather dance with a jiggle, bobbing her legs up and down furiously. However, that pride is simply going to be punished as her bladder strikes again with another leak. Shauna dropped whatever out of her hand to clutch herself, she knew this feeling was unbearable and had to go pee RIGHT NOW! But the floodgates have already opened.

Taking a small step to the toilet was countered with a spray of urine all over her pajamas, the flowers she wore were wilted from over hydration. Her pants were absolutely ruined along with the white tiled floor she stood on. A puddle of modest size grew from her accident and looking at the mess made Shauna blush and quiver in embarrassment. Her bladder won the fight and is settled after demolishing Shauna's dignity. Her mind slowly gained control and processed what happened, a freshman dorm student had just wet herself, the first time in at least a decade, and there was a chance that someone could walk in on this miserable moment. 

Quickly, she got a towel to absorb the liquids, restoring the floor's color and throwing it into a filled washer. As for her clothes, she went over to the sink nearby and took off the soaked garments to hand-wash them, refusing to let any of her other clothes to touch her newly soiled pants. Scrubbing them, she peered back towards the door, she would be perhaps die if a stranger saw her at this time, but it's early morning, what are the chances? Feeling satisfied with her efforts, Shauna finished the remains of her work and went back upstairs in her room. Thankfully, all the girls were still asleep, so she grabbed some new clothes and took a shower.

Thanks for Reading!

