Wet & desperate sightings in public

Author: lachwet

*000*2016-10-13 21:09

In this topic i will post some sightings i have had during the years. I will start with one from late eastern 2014:

A wet girl coming from the local train:

I was riding the local train home from work after a long day. It was around 20:00 o'clock in the night.

I got off at one of the stations in the city centre . As i went along the train side towards the escalator up to ground level i noticed two girls in front of me.

They had gotten off from the same train. But the thing that caught my attention was a very visible wet patch on the butt of one of the girls. She was wearing very dark blue jeans and a long beige jacket. Her jacket covered her entire butt. And on her jacket there was a very distinct wet stain. It formed the shape of a half circle, and covered her entire butt.

I suspected immedeately that she had peed herself, sitting with her jacket partially underneath herself. I got slightly closer. I was not able to see any wetness on her jeans, though. Maybe that was because her jeans were very dark, and any wet stains would be hard to see.

I hadn't not seen any of those girls on the train, so they must have been in a different carriage.

They continued up the escalator. I was a couple of meters behind them now. The girl with the wet stain but her hand on the wet spot, and rubbed it around. She whispered something to her friend.

Her friend looked at the wet stain and said:

"Neida, det synes ikke" / "No, it's not visible". Which was obviously a lie. It was visible as hell.

As they reached the station hall i heard her friend ask:

"Skal du på do før vi drar videre?" / "Do you want to go to the toilet before we proceed?"

I didn't hear her answer. But they started walking towards the subway station, in the same building. And in the opposite direction of the toilets. So obviously, she didn't want to go.

I went towards the subway station too, to catch a ride the last leap home. I was a few meters behind those two girls all the time. But still i was not able to see any wetness on her jeans.

Maybe the stain was limited to her butt area? Or maybe it was because her jeans was so very dark blue that it the wetness wouldn't be very visible at all, in not so bright light?

Once more she rubbed the wet area on the bottom of her jacket and asked her friend:

"Er du sikker på at det ikke synes?" / "Are you sure it is not visible?"

Once again, her friend lied to comfort her and said no.

At the platform on the subway station she stood with her butt against the wall all the time. Hiding the wet stain. It didn't take long before she started crossing her legs tight. She looked unconfortable, rubbing the wet stain on the backside of her jacket every now and then. And most of the time she held her hands together in-front of her crotch.

When the next train arrived i got on. And that was the last i saw of her.

In my area there are a mix of quite old and new trains used in the local traffic. The old type have the toilets closed off in urban and suburban areas, as they are equipped with old-style train toilets who flush directly on the ground. Which is unacceptable nowadays.

This has led to a few desperations, and also some wet sighting like this through the years i've riding the local trains to work.

But the old trains, with the toilets sealed off are now being phased out in favor of newer ones.

Some of them are also upgraded, but they are now equipped with vacuum toilets. So i don't expect much more sightings on the local train in the future, though.

$$

*005*2016-10-14 19:36

Nice that you like post:-)

And nice to see other norwegians here :-) I've stumbled across some other norwegians here too previously, so there's actially not as few of us here as you might think.. (I'm replying to you in english, because by experience i know that some admins doesn't always appreciate/accept users posting in foreign languages on english speeking forums.)

I have several other sightings that i will post here soon, when i get time and motivation to write, so stay tuned :-)

*008*2016-10-16 18:47

Here's a sighting from last winter:

A desperate girl at her outdoor sales stand:

In march this year the world cup in biatlon was arranged in my city. Any skiing sports is very big here, and an event like this always generates a lot of events in the city. The wworld cup itself was arranged just outside the city. ut in the city centre there was a world cup area with huge public screens broadcasting the world cup, an outdoor market place, a skating area among other things.

After having a coffee with a friend a saturday afternoon i dropped by the world cup area. I was going to meet one of my other friends over there. In one of the sales stands at the market place i noticed a girl in her twenties. She was working in one of the stands selling flags, viking stuff and different artifacts aimed at the supporters going to the skiing arena.

I noticed immedeately that she needed to pee. She was stepping from foot to foot as i slowly passed by in the crowd. She was moving randomly around and behaving quite restless. Next to her sales stand was a walkway and a less crowded open space, so i decided to stay there as i waited for my friend. We were planning to grab something to eat and watch the medal ceremony.

During the wait the girl gave me a very good desperation show lasting for around half an hour, as my friend was a little late due to the traffic from the triatlon arena.

The girl was stepping from foot to foot constantly. She did her pee-pee dance a little slow in the beginning, toning down her desperation moves a bit. But she was stepping constantly from foor to foot. And every now and then she did a random walk a few meters, changing her position in front of her stand. Her body language looked very stiff and strained. The periods when she didn't step around that much she was still changing her position frequently. She was shifting her weight around, flexing her knees and and looking rather restless.

She could not stand still for many seconds at the time. She just had to move around all the time.

I hung around at the small "square" next to her, still waiting. I was looking at different items at the sales stand nearby. But i could not resist keeping half an eye on the desperate girl.

Every now and then people came up to her. Some people were buying, others were only looking. I noticed that when she was chatting with people she tended to pee-pee dance less. Instead, she crossed her legs tight and squirmed around on the spot as she were chatting. She was twisting and rotating her body around a lot. Evety now and then she uncrossed her legs, just to cross them again moments later.

And as soon as she became "idle" again she started pee-pee dancing. She looked a quite uncomfortable with the situation. She was biting her lip, fiddleing with her hair and holding her arms crossed for periods. Always moving around, or stepping on the spot, when she could.

She looked like was in the beginning of her tenties. Around 1.70 tall, and with brown hair. Normal body. And not used to holding her pee for long periods, it seemed like.

During my wait she seemed to become more desperate to pee. Her pee-pee moves became more obvious. She started stepping more intensely from foot to foot, taking random walks more frequently and looking more restless.

At one point, as she was talking to a customer she suddenly uncrossed her legs and started steppping frantically from foot to foot for some time. Then she bounched up and down several times by flexing her knees.

The semi-cold, moist weather didn't make things any better for her either, i guess.

After the customer had left she crossed her legs very tight. She literally squeezed them together. She stood there, twisting and rotating her body around. She stayed inside her tent for a while, squirming constaltly on the spot. She had gotten a rather concerned look in her face. She looked ratheer puzzled, until she picked up her phone and made a call. No answer.

Soin she started pee-pee dancing again. More intense than before. It was more obvious now, that she was in an emergency. Every now and then, when she had a client, she was changing between squriming with her legs tightly crossed and pee-pee dancing by stepping on the spot. She simply could not stand still anymore.

Soon she squatted down inside her tent, just after a customer had left. She bumped up and down in the squat position for a a minute or two. After this she seemed to do better. But only for some minutes, though. Because soon her desperation had reached back to the same level.

It didn't take many minutes before she once again was stepping from foot to foot and taking random walks back and fotrh like before. And every now and then she seemed to tie her muscles for a few seconds. Sometimes she lifted her shoulders, and sometimes she just tied her muscles and squeezed her legs tight together, shaking a bit. She was experiencing pee urges, i think.

Soon she tried making a phone call again, with no success. It seemed to make her more stressed. Her pee-pee dancing suddenly became more intense, and she could not stand still for a second anymore. She just had to move around constantly.

I had sat down with a coffee to warm me up on one of the benches nearby, while i was waiting for my friend. I was discretely observing the desperate girl, avoiding looking directly at her. Just keeping her withing my view.

At one point she went inside her tent, instead of standing in front of her stand. She crossed her legs tight. She was standing like this, squirming and twisting her body for some minutes. Checking her phone frequently. She looked quite troubled. Soon she put a hand in-between her thighs, which she held tightly crossed. Now it was very obvious that she was about to pee herself. She stood like this for some minutes, trying another phone call. Still no success. She must have been calling someone who could relieve her for a bathroom break.

The lack of response disturbed her, apparently. And made her bladder kick her. Because shortly aafter the attempted phone call she uncrossed her legs. And crossed them the opposite way immedeately. Just a second later she repeated it. She stood like this for several minutes, crossing, uncrossing and re-crossing her legs constantly. It was easy to see that this girl was dying for a pee. Her urge to pee had certainly escaled to a higher level. She could not stand still at all.

After some time her pee-pee dancing calmed down for maybe half a minute, before she started pee-pee dancing again. Now she was stepping from foot to foot, stepping around on the spot and walking back and forth at her sales stand. She now looked so desperate that i seriously thought she was going to have an accident soon, if she didn't get a relief.

It was written all over her face that she was in trouble. She tried to make another phone call. This time she finally got an answer. She chatted for a couple of minutes, still pee-pee dancing while she chatted.

The next few minutes she was pee-pee dancing like before. She was obviously experiencing some strong pee urges. She was glancing around, like she was looking for someone. After maybe 5 minutes of intense pee-pee dance a man in his fourties, also wearing a world cup jacket approached her. They exchanged a few words and she rushed away. She was in a big hurry. Some time later she came back. With dry jeans. And now she was smiling, and seemed much more relaxed than before. The guy left. He had obviously come only to give her a quick break.

The last minutes before she made the last phone call she looked so desperate, i'm sure shemust have been afraid she would end up peeing in her jeans.

It took maybe 5-10 more minutes before my friend arrived. During those minutes the girl seemed much more relaxed. And she was able to stand still, too ;-)

*010*2016-10-22 19:07

Here is a sighting i had several years ago:

A wet train ride - the aftermath of a small accident:

It was quite early in the morning and i was on my way to work. It was in the middle of the morning rush. I take the local train to work every day. When i arrived at the train station this particular day i went through the platform and found a bench close to the opposite end. I was quite tired, and didn't want to wait in the middle of the crowd. I passed a girl and sat down on a bench a couple of meters from her. For a few seconds she didn't seem that comfortable when i got this close to her.

It took some minutes before i noticed it. But after some waiting i spotted a dark streak on the girl's thigh. In the beginning i thought it was just a shadow. But after some time, when she moved her legs around, and spread them, the streak stayed in exactly the same place. This made me suspect it was not just a shadow. She was often glancing down on her lap, and looked quite unsecure.

When the area nearby started filling with passengers, she put her hands and arms on her thighs. Hiding the dark areas...

After some more waiting, the train arrived. I got onboard a little after the girl. She grabbed a seat, while i had to stand in the aisle, half a meter behind her. The lighting was much better inside the train than on the platform. So now i could clearly see the dark areas on her thighs. The uppermost part of it was covered by her jacket. But i could clearly see it on both her legs. It extended down to her knees on both sides. It covered more than half of the front on her right thigh, and a little bit less on her left side. It was hard to take my eyes away from her lap now. I did my best to make my sneek-peeking as discrete as possible.

At the next station several seats in the seat group got free. The girl moved to the window seat, and i grabbed the seat facing her. I noticed that she held the backside of her jacket, while she moved, preventing herself from sitting down on it. The other seats got taken by people who had been standing in the aisle. This gave me a very good view of her lap. And now i could clearly see that she was wet. The girl was wearing a black pair of corduroy pants, quite tight pants. She was glancing out of the window all the time, sitting with her wet thighs apart. I was thinking if it had been raining this morning. But it hadn't. The sky was blue, and there was not many clouds when i walked to the train station. So it could definately not be wetness from rain.

Around 20 minutes later the train reached the station where i, and most other people on the train, got off. The girl in front of me stood up. Her jacket slid apart that moment, revealing the wetness even more. And yes, it extended to just above her crotch, forming a round top edge. From this point i got convinced she must have peed herself. It wasn't a big accident, but a good amound anyways. More than enough to make it visible. She looked like she was in the second half of her twenties.

The moment before she went out, she used her hand to check the seat. Maybe she checked if the wetness had absorbed into the seat? That she was leaving behind a wet stain, or something? Nothing was visible at least, i could tell. I never got a good view of her backside, so i can't tell how wet her bum and the back of her thighs were, unfortunately.

I left the train station, and i didn't see her anymore that day. The rest of the day i kept thinking about my little observation again and again. I tried to imagine how her accident had happened.

She hadn't peed herself completely. And she didn't seem desperate on the platform, nor on the train. She looked unconfortable, but not desperate at all. This indicated that she had gotten to relief herself after she leaked in her pants. So, maybe she had desperately tried to reach the toilet on the station. Then she lost control and started peeing before she got inside? Quite a lot of accidents happen that way, i know, that's why i landed on this as on of the more likely.

Later i have seen her on the train every now and then, both before and after work. But not the recent years, though. So she was definately commuting between the city and this suburb back then. Like many people do here.

$$

*012*2016-12-30 22:28

Here comes a desperate sighting i had during my summer holiday:

It happened during a trip to Italy this summer. I had just gotten in line at a gallery, one of the popular tourist attractions in Firenze. The line was very long on this hot day in the middle of the high season. Well, there was two lines, actually. One for people with pre-booked tickets, and one for people without. The one for pre-ordered tickets proceeded much faster than the other one. Factor 4 i would say.

Ahead of me in the line was a girl in her early twenties and a woman in her fourties. Her mother, i assumed. I noticed the girl quite early, as she was very fidgety. She was stepping around on the spot constantly for periods. She was adjusting her shorts quite a lot, touching the inside of her thighs frequently, folding her hands in front of her crotch and rotating and twisting her body around constantly. It was easy to see that she needed to pee pretty bad.

The line proceeded rather slow. The girl had some calmer periods when her pee-pee squirming was less intense. But she always came back to the same pee-pee dance after a few minutes.

She was chatting with the older woman in-between all her squirming. I recognised their language as dutch. They were tourists, just like everyone else in the line. The girl became impatient after a while. She sighed every now and then, most likely complaining about how slow the queue was moving. She also seemed a little frustrated, or despaired about the fact that the queue with people with pre-ordered tickets was moving so much faster.

She squirmed around on the spot constantly. She had a hard time being able to stand still. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs every now and then. But stepping around seemed to be more her style of pee-pee dancing.

Every now and then she started adjusting her shorts and touching the inside of her thighs again for periods.

The girl had light brown, slightly curly hair tied in a pony tail. She was wearing a pair of short denim shorts and a thin red, white and orange striped top.

As time passed, her pee-pee moves seemed to increase gradually in intensity. When we were around halfway to the entrance she squatted down for some minutes, until the line moved a meter again. It seemed to help for a while. Because after the squat her pee-pee moves calmed down for some time. It didn't take very long before they were back at full firce again, though.

Her pee-pee dance was varying in intensity. Going up and down. Her pee-pee urge was obviously coming in waves. She folded her hands in front of her crotch more and more frequently. Her need to pee had seemingly gotten worse during the wait. It looked like she struggled harder and harder as time passed. At one point she squatted down to find something in her purse. And at another occation she squatted down and untied her shoe lazors, just to tied them again immedeately. To me it looked like she did those things only to get an excuse, a reason to squat down for some time.

She was fiddleing with her hair and biting her lip. Her pee-pee dance continued, with gradually increasing intensity as the line slowly progressed towards the entrance. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs frequently, in-between all the other squirming. But stepping around on the limited space, combined with twisting and rotating her body was her dominant way of pee-pee dancing.

Several times she started stepping quickly from foot to foot for a minute or so. She often glanced towwards the entrance. And towards the other line, who progressed much faster. They should definately have pre-ordered the tickets...

The girl were gettig a more worried and strained look in her face as time passed. And her pee-pee moves got worse. Every now and then she sqqueezed her legs tight together and bounched up and down repeatedly by flexing her knees.

I guess she must have been drinking a decent amount of liquid before entering the line. Or maybe she had needed to pee for a long time, and her muscles was getting tired of the holding. Or, most likely, a combination of both those factors. Because her urge to pee had definately increased quite a lot during the wait. That was easy to see. I saw her put a hand on her pelvis several times.

As she slowly got closer to the entrance her pee pee urge seemed to get ever worse. She wasn't able to stand still for a second anymore. She just had to step on the spot, squirm and twist her body and step from foot to foot constantly. She was folding her hands in-front of her crotch most of the time, only taking them away when she was fiddleing with her hair. She was often doing a bounching move, by squeezing her legs tight together and flexing her knees quickly several times.

It was obviously that her urge to pee was evolving into an emergency. I noticed that she put a hand in her crotch every now and then, trying to hide it with her purse. Now she needed to pee seriously bad, that was easy to see.

The line progresssed in bulks. The older woman, who i guess was her mother, comforted her every now and then, and they chatted for periods. They were now quite close to the entrance. The girl was desperate as hell. She kept on pee-pee dancing constantly, and looked very worried. After some more time another bulk were allowed to go inside, including the desperate girl and her mother. They vanished out of sight.

Some time later it became my turn. As there was a security control, which unfortunate has become common at most tourist attractions in europe due to the terrorism. It took me around 5 minutes to progress the line and pass the security. This led me to think that the waiting, and the security procedure must have felt like a nightmare for the desperate girl.

I spotted the girl inside after a while. Her denim shorts looked dry. She was much more relaxed and smiling than she had been outside in the line. So she had made it to the toilet in time, i guess. But most likely it must have been a close call though, judging from how desperate she had looked just before she got inside.

*015*2017-02-23 19:34

Sunday nearly two weeks ago i once again had a pretty good sighting, after a long hiatus:

I first noticed her at a subway station nearby a popular recreation area just outside the city. The thing that caugt my attention was her squirming. She was with another girl, waiting at the crowded subway station. The girl in question was squirming quite much on the spot. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs, twisting her body around, folding her hands in front of her crotch, shifting her weight from side to side and twisting her body around while standing with her legs tightly crossed. It was easy to see that she needed to pee.

I stood nearby observing her for around 10 minutes before the subway finally arrived. She was wearing a pair of "low ankle" blue jeans. By "Low ankle" i mean the kind of jeans that expose the lower part of your leg.

The two girls went inside among the first passengers. I was a little behind in the queue. They grabbed some seats. I had to stand in the aisle nearby for now.

I noticed that the girl who had shown the signs of needing to pee crossed her legs tight immedeately after she sat down. For the next minutes she adjusted her sitting position several times, she was swinging her foot back and forth and slid her hands in-between her tightly crossed thighs. The two girls were chatting. The girl who apparently needed to pee sat at the window seat.

At one of the next stations some seats became free. I used the opportunity to sit down. Which i later learned was a bad choice. Because that made me miss the main event onboard the train...

After 30 minutes the train reached the first of the city center stations. I stood up and went towards the same entrance as i got in, when the train were approaching the station. Standing by the crowd in the aisle i spotted the highlight of the day:

The girl i had noticed showing pee-desperate signs half an hour earlier. She had wet herself. Peed her pants sitting on the subway! I noticed the wetness on her jeans immedeately as she got in my view. The huge wet stain were quite assymetrical andd easy to spot:

Her right thigh was very wet. It covered all the front, the wetness exteded down to her knee. Her jeans was also soaked on parts of the side, covering her right hip. There was also a streak stretching towards the outside of her knee.

Her left thigh was less wet, but till significantly soaked:

She had a wet oval patch starting at her crotch, reaching almost down to her knee. The stain was wide by her crotch, and gradually narrowing down closer to her knee. There was also a thinner streak extending towards her hip before it turned and ran down the side/"outer front" of her left thigh.

Moments later the two girls stood up. They were getting off at the same station as me. It wasn't easy to spot the wetness in the seat, but i'm sure it must have been drenched. I could however see a lot of wetness on the floor just in front of her seat, though. There was many smaller wet patches everywhere in the train due to the snow from people's shoes. But the area by this girls seat was completely wet, though. Much wetter than any other parts of the train floor that i could see.

I got behind the two girls on the platform. The wet stain covered the entire backside of her right thigh, ending at her knee.

Her left thigh was less wet, however pretty soaked: There was a wet stain starting at her butt, forming the quarter of an oval ending just above her knee. Her butt was hidden by her jacket, but from the sshape of the pee stain i am pretty sure her butt was completely soaked.

I walked behind them enjoying the view on my way out of the station. Then across an intersection and into a waiting tram. How lucky they were heading the same way as me!

Then after a couple of stops they went off and vanished.

The wet girl looked like she was close to the middle of her twenties, and she had brown curly hair. Skightly tan skin around 1.75 tall, slim body.

The more i think about this sighting, the more i regret that i grabbed a seat instead of standing in the semi-crowded aisle. If i had chosen to stand, i would have witnessed the whole thing...

$$

