My bladder finally went back to normal, so I wet myself on purpose [+pics]

Author: ourwetsecret

*000*2018-12-15 23:39

So at the beginning of this week, I was having a lot of fun... maybe too much fun now that I look back on it. I was doing random holds back to back for no particular reason and only a few of my holds resulted in any wetting.

Around Wednesday, I realized my bladder was superrrr weak. I was not surprised because after I do any really long holds, it takes my bladder a couple days to recover so I try not to overdo it to avoid any possible health issues. I couldn't even attempt a hold if I wanted to because my bladder would fill up so fast and I had to relieve my bladder as soon as I got the urge or I knew I would potentially wet myself. Which sounds great for some, but I am only really down for it if I am wetting myself on purpose.

For example, I went to work Thursday with a completely empty bladder. I was cautious with my liquid intake but I tend to always be thirsty so it was hard NOT to drink water... who doesn't like water? If it helps to picture my situation, I work at a pretty popular store. There's no official uniform and we wear whatever we feel like, so I was wearing black skinny jeans and a black sweatshirt with sneakers. Due to the upcoming holiday season, it is 10x busier than usual so there is always something for us to do and luckily I am not on cashier anymore so it is easier for me to hold when I am constantly moving around and keeping myself occupied. Before my bladder predicament, I could go my whole shift without using the bathroom once, which sometimes would result in desperate car rides home or the almost-made-it scenarios that we all love so much.

It was around 2pm when my bladder was literally screaming at me to go use the bathroom. I wasn't due to go on break for another 30 minutes, so I convinced myself to wait it out. We had a pretty good sale going on so there was a lot of people shopping and asking questions, so they really needed all of the employees on the floor to assist as many people as possible. I try not to show any visible signs of desperation in public but it was impossible at this point. I remember a customer coming up to me asking where she could find an item and I was literally hopping from foot to foot while helping her, I just had to play it off like I was dancing to the Christmas music that was playing, I don't think she noticed.

I checked my phone again and I had about 2 minutes before I could go on break, so I decided to just leave and go straight to the bathrooms. I have a toilet-happy bladder so the second I approached the stall I managed to let out a pretty large spurt and I panicked and immediately closed the stall door and yanked my jeans and underwear down and relieved myself in the toilet. I checked and no damage was noticeable on my jeans, but my panties were pretty wet so I balled up some tissue and placed them in my panties just so I wouldn't have to feel wet for the rest of my shift. This was the only time I have ever had any close-calls while at work and hopefullyyyy it was my last!

Fast forward to today, my bladder finally toughened back up so that makes me feel a lot better. I had to run to the store to pick up a few things and when I got back I felt the familiar twinge in my bladder to tell me I should be using the bathroom soon... so I easily could've just used the bathroom like a normal person, but there's not much fun in that so I went in my pants instead... just for the hell of it. So I am here to share them!

I did record a video but I had to crop like 20 secs out of it because I'm dumb and didn't realize my face was showing in the last half. *shrugs*

Atleast i have pics! [check spoiler]

Spoiler

$$

If you guys like gifs but i guess i'll leave these here too

$$$$

*007*2018-12-16 18:57

{{7 hours ago, nc_omo_dude said:

Wow! Giving your bladder a good workout. Lol.

Loooove your pics and gif. Very hot!

}}

Thanks! I’m not trying to give it too much of a workout

