Wet dream wetter sheets

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-04-15 17:11

This just happened a couple hours ago, and I just had to share it. I love peeing on my bed, but my bladder is trained for holding so I almost never wet the bed in my sleep. But this morning I got a very warm wet surprise, courtesy of a pee dream.

I stayed up a little late last night enjoying some food network shows, and a very salty late dinner, so I was drinking a lot of water. I wasn't keeping track because I was really sleepy, but this morning I found three empty water bottles, so around 50 ounces (1,500 milliliters) in my bladder, and I went to bed without peeing first. (Gotta love ADHD making your body not signal what it needs, lol)

At some point after falling asleep, I started having the dream that would lead to my wet surprise when I woke up. I always have super vivid dreams, I remember a lot of the details, but they're usually surprisingly normal and mundane. In my dream I was hanging out with my boyfriend at a park near my apartment with a really huge lake. We were just chilling and doing cute couple shit on the mini beach by the docks. I was wearing a pleated skirt and soft cotton panties.

After a while I started feeling the need to pee, but there weren't any bathrooms nearby. Oh no, what a nightmare. I told my boyfriend, and he told me I wasn't allowed to pee until he gave me permission. (We do this a lot in real life. We're both kinky, he's mostly the dom in the relationship, but occasionally I dom him. We're both super into piss play, desperation, and wetting, so we do this a lot. For reference, his title is Alpha and mine is Omega because we do a lot of primal play, and we're both super into abo/omegaverse.)

We continued just hanging out and chatting like we usually do, and my need to pee got a lot more intense really quickly. I grabbed my crotch and started bouncing in place while sitting on the ground. I looked at him, giving him subby eyes, and whined "Alpha, I need to pee really bad. Please let me pee, please!" He gave me his classic sadistic dom smirk, and pulled me into his lap. "No, you can't pee yet. And you better not pee on me, or you're gonna get punished when we get home."

I did my best to hold it, but my need to go was getting really intense really rapidly, and I was whimpering and squirming really hard in his lap. I could tell it wouldn't be very long until I was gonna burst, so I stared begging my boyfriend to let me pee. "Please Alpha, I need to pee really really bad. I can't hold it any longer, please just let me pee. I'm full to bursting, I'm gonna pee myself any second. Please let me pee, please, please, please!" He growled in my ear, which I always love, and said "You know how much I love the way you beg, my pretty little Omega... But I'm not convinced."

"Alpha... I'm gonna pee myself. I can hold it anymore, I need to pee right now. I'm gonna pee myself any second now. Please just let me pee, I'm gonna wet my panties. I really can't hold it another second I'm-" I felt a strong leak start to soak into my panties. I managed to clench hard enough to weaken it, but I couldn't make it stop. "I'm leaking! It's coming out! Please let me pee Alpha, please, I'm gonna pee right now!" He gave that cruel, sadistic supervillain chuckle that always gets me wet as hell, and finally told me I was allowed to pee.

I let it flow, and peed right through my panties and onto his lap, quickly soaking us both. It felt sooooo good, the relief was nearly orgasmic. It was so nice and warm as it poured out of me and flowed down my legs. I sighed and moaned from the release of pressure in my abdomen. I heard him softly saying my name in my ear, but barely registered it through the amazing warm wetness covering my lower body.

After a long moment I woke up, realizing my boyfriend actually was softly saying my name into my ear, while gently shaking my elbow to wake me up. My eyes shot wide open as I realized the warm wettness real too, and my favorite silky pajama pants were soaked. I threw off the covers, seeing a BIG wet puddle soaking the bed around my legs, and my boyfriend's. I had actually wet the bed.

I explained the dream I just had to him, and we both shared a laugh. It was extremely sexy laying in a puddle of my fresh warm pee, and we both had some serious morning wood. Since we were both already soaked, my boyfriend straddled me, whipped out his dick and peed all over me, soaking my shirt. He always has a really big long pee in the morning, so the bed was absolutely soaked once his bladder was empty. I grabbed a bottle of lube from the bedside drawer, we both stripped off our wet clothes, and we had some really fun morning sex in our big puddle. By the time we were done, we were both completely covered in pee, and I had a nice big load dripping out of me.

We took a shower together, and right now he's putting our bedding and clothes in the laundry, and I'm typing this out on my phone while waiting for some febreze to soak into the mattress before soaking up the liquid. We're gonna need a better mattress protector, because that was some of the best sex we've ever had.

*003*2022-04-16 14:00

{{14 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

That sounds so fun! I hope kinky dreams will get me to the same place

}}

Yeah, it was super fun! I pee in my bed all the time, but I almost never wet in my sleep. And my boyfriend doesn't spend the night at my place that often, usually I stay at his, so him being there made it even more enjoyable. Having a partner that's into omo can definitely lead to a lot of very wet fun.

