Leaked on the floor after a shower

Author: Driipdrip

*000*2021-01-24 21:15

It's SO hard to hold it while the shower is running and you're standing there with your hand under it, waiting for the right temperature. At least, that's what I found today when I almost peed on the bathroom floor.

My bladder was pretty full when I got out of bed, so I was actually holding my crotch at this point, squeezing my legs together to keep my pee in.

But I started feeling like I should poop too, especially before my shower (because it's annoying pooping after you get out and you were already clean). Now, I'm not into messing or poop, so I decided to just sit on the toilet and let everything out before I jumped in the shower. The pipes are old and shitty at my place anyway, so it was gonna take a minute for the water to get just right.

Anyway, I got in the shower and within minutes, I was peeing again! I held it all night, and then the cup of water I took my meds with must have pushed my bladder just that little bit further. No big deal, peeing in the shower is just easier anyway.

Once I got out and dried off, I wrapped my hair up in my towel and went to the bedroom naked. The blast of cold air that greeted me was like walking into the ice fields of Hoth!

In front of my dresser, I felt a familiar pressure in my bladder. It still had a little bit left. I thought it would just be one or two drops so I ignored it.

Until I coughed.

The cough, paired with the cold room and being naked, made me let out my pee. A small stream trailed down my legs, and a little bit dripped loudly onto the floor. A small, yellow, crescent-shaped puddle had soaked into the carpet by my heel.

"Oh nooo," I thought, as I dug through the laundry basket for an old towel. I wiped my legs and patted the spot on the floor. My boyfriend was in the next room and the bedroom door was wide open.

It wasn't enough pee for me to consider it a full on accident, and I really wasn't too embarrassed once I got it cleaned up. I am feeling pretty naughty now, though...

