Wet run - with pics

Author: Danish

*000*2018-10-11 17:38

I was feeling kind og naughty today, so i have been thinking on how to pee my pants all day. I also had to go for a run, where i would sprint 2minuts and then stand still for 2 minuts, so i thought - why not combine.

My plan was to wait until it was dark outside but i also wanted to make sure that i was about a 6 or 7/10. So when i reached about 8/10 i changed for my running clothes. While waiting for GPS signal on my Garmin I let a little spurt out, just to take the top off my desperation before my warmup session. When i reached the 400m track I realised that there was a children Soccer game going on. I listened and could hear that one of the coaches was yelling 5minuts left - perfect! Then i didn't need to worry about them

Now the real fun began!

I ran my intervals 2minuts and then in the 2minuts brake I let out small spurts, it was all going good, but it had not really gone dark yet, so i was kinda worried that it was possible to see the mess i made. I mean, I could see it, but I also knew it was there..

Some local kids came to play on the athletics madness in the middle of my 4th out of 6 interval. After the 4th interval I thought I let out a little spurt, but it lasted at least 2sec before i gained control again - now I knew that it was visible.

In the fear of getting caught I decided to run home, but I had already lost controle, so i let small spurts out the whole way home, running in to people walking their dogs and minding their own business I had to reroute like a lost GPS multiple times. I felt embarrassed, horny and exited on the same time. It was quite the fun!

I totally lost it at home doing my stretching, witch explains the marks on my back

$$

$$

$$

*002*2018-10-11 18:21

{{5 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

Great pics

}}

Thanks

*005*2018-10-15 14:53

Thank you Helena!

{{On 10/14/2018 at 12:03 AM, Helena said:

So hot!

}}

*009*2018-10-22 08:54

{{On 10/17/2018 at 5:06 PM, neilscotland said:

Great pics. Thanks for posting.

}}

{{On 10/17/2018 at 5:12 PM, BENAir01 said:

Amazing!

}}

{{On 10/18/2018 at 10:31 AM, Dunney said:

Very nice!

}}

Thank you! It was nice to make them aswell

*012*2018-10-23 16:26

{{23 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Yummy wet bulge!

}}

Thank you! I appreciate that

{{On 10/22/2018 at 2:25 PM, LETU9519 said:

Great! Pee your pants while running are great!

}}

It indeed is :D

*014*2018-10-24 06:42

{{8 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I'm usually into female omo but I took a peek at this and I actually enjoyed it a bit. I'm pretty sure virtually everyone into male omo here will love this

}}

Wauw! That's some nice words! Thanks a lot!

It makes me wanna post more!

*016*2018-10-24 06:51

{{7 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

You should post more!

}}

I will, when i have som time again!

