The Desperate Girls On The Bus Rock Back And Fourth...

Author: ElSuave

*000*2010-10-23 20:13

Yesterday I attended a conference with my class, and it took place three hours away. It took all day, and then finally dinner time came and everyone was thrilled to be able to let loose and drink before the dreaded three hour drive. Once all liquored up, we got back to the coaches, and began the drive home.

Now, these coaches had bathrooms at the back, which sometimes takes out some of the fun, but every girl on that bus was disgusted with the idea, so only those in extremely desperate situations used them.

Such a thrill it was, too, when a girl would make her way to the back of the coach...We all knew why she was going there...because she simply couldn't hold it until we got home.

This next part blew my mind. I was sitting with a friend of mine, a cute red haired nineteen year old girl. Long story short, she was aroused and really desperate to pee, and somehow we managed to pleasure each other in the company of 40 other students, 3 of my professors, and my program coordinator. While my hand was working away between her thighs, she suddenly tells me she needs a break. "I seriously can't hold it in another second while you're doing that."

So like the naughty boy I am, I told her to let some out.

She managed to just let out a spurt into my hand, and I then "finished" for her. Then she really had to get into that bathroom and pee.

###

All the while, there are two girls sitting behind us, dying for a pee, one rocking back and fourth a bit. She was very vocal about her full bladder, and kept asking me how much longer til we stopped (my gps was on).

This made it rather difficult to pleasure the girl next to me without getting caught, as you can imagine. But basically, I was getting pleasure in my own way from two girls desperate to let out their pee. :D

*002*2010-10-24 03:05

{{: 

How did you not get caught within 5 seconds? do you have some sort of divind miracle around you. the best I've ever seen was a girl doubled over from her need to pee and you get this. god damn I wish I had your luck. play the freaking lottry soon before your life sucks later from it being so great now.

}}

I don't claim to have all the answers when it comes to girls. Do I get a lot of girls? Yes. Do most of them pee for me? Absolutely. But it isn't luck. You just have to be socially comfortable, daring, and wearing a blazer. 

*004*2010-10-24 22:32

{{: 

Hehe, too bad I have none of the above, although I can wear a blazer anytime I want...

And wow, you are quite sly about that.

}}

Haha, well dressing nice is important. Wearing a suit to a casual pub is simply a conversation piece. They want to know why. And you want them to pee. And if they come home with you, they've gotta go sometime...http://animepee.co.cc/public/style_emoticons/default/tongue.gif

*006*2010-10-31 01:09

{{: 

You dirty, dirty fox, you! That was a good story. Lucky devil! XD

}}

Regardless what people will tell you, this isn't hard. I'm not saying I'm the best looking guy, but what I am saying, is that you need to present yourself as if you are. Wear the blazer, wear the cologne imported from the UK. And confidence is key. I had a girl at my place this weekend (I'll be posting the story in the "Real Life Experiences" section shortly), and it's a perfect example.

Don't say I'm lucky, but instead, ask yourself, "Why am I not wearing a suit, and rocking it?"

*008*2011-01-11 15:44

{{: 

So you're the barney stinson of making chicks pee XD

}}

Haha! Well I've been wearing suits to pubs and everywhere else before How I Met Your Mother, so I like to think that he stole my idea ;)

I do know how to make them pee though...

And definitely where to look. I work it out the same way with my love for girls feet. To have a real life experience in that area, visit a shoe store...I visit Spring all the time. Partly because they have a great selection of shoes, but also because no matter what time of year, girls are always trying on cute sandals, and therefore I get to see their pretty pedicured toes :)

{{: 

I don't claim to have all the answers when it comes to girls. Do I get a lot of girls? Yes. Do most of them pee for me? Absolutely. But it isn't luck. You just have to be socially comfortable, daring, and wearing a blazer. 
}}

Really? Someone was offended here or something? I would be very curious to know why.

*010*2011-01-23 01:25

{{: 

Please keep in mind that being "socially comfortable" and "daring" is one thing, but being cocky is completely different...... <_<

Of course, it's very possible I'm being overly sensitive...

}}

I do sincerely apologize if I came across as cocky. It was more a success story, I really wasn't bragging. Many people here have expressed their lack of confidence when it comes to this sort of thing, and I only wanted to provide some advise.

*014*2011-03-07 06:01

{{: 

You have come across as a little cocky to be honest. And a little braggy as well, it's not a problem in my opinion, but others might feel differently due to the lack of luck they've had in this particular field.

}}

I'll take that, sure. I don't walk around with my nose in the air, that's for sure. But I don't get the results that I do by being timid, quiet, and self-conscious.

So to anyone who thinks I'm bragging or being cocky, well, get off the computer and make your own success story happen. Don't point your finger at me because I have what it takes to get results. You have it too, you just have to find it, and use it.

Lol...in case you didn't notice, my last post was encouraging. "You do too [have what it takes], you just have to find it, and use it.

Think of it as a motivational talk, jeez.

No double posting, please.

