First story Desperate bike tour

Author: Ianus

*000*2021-06-28 23:39

So this is my first story here, hope you can enjoy it as much as I did, I am really excited telling you this, at least this website is at least kind of responsible for this. I am usually not that naughty but today I just needed to try it all out. Normally I don't engage in Omo activity any more, as my home is very busy and I am disturbed to often. Also I have a lot of anxiety to get caught doing omo stuff so usually it's too much a hassle for me to do.

But today was different. I wake up like on a normal day and went to brush my teeth, wash myself and went to breakfast but skipped morning pee not even intentionally I just didn't think about it as I hadn't any urge to go. Since I tend to stay in bed on weekends from time to time I got used to waiting with this after I wake up. However the day started just as normal I did some stuff nothing special. At some point my bladder reminded my with a mild feeling that I hadn't have a pee break today.

So I got a idea: Why not hold it? Problem was, that as mentioned before holding at home was not an option for me. But I really wanted to hold, so I started to brainstorm how to manage this situation. My brain started to plan through all kind of scenarios while my urge climbed relatively fast from 3/10 to 5/10.

But suddenly I had a masterplan: As I live in a rural area, there are many spots suitable in forests, easily reachable by bike. So I decided to grab my bike and cycle to this spot not far from my village and to do the hold there. It was just perfect not to far but also protected from views and almost never visited by hikers or other folks.

But like with every perfect plan the only perfect with it was that everything was perfectly different. First of all lunch crashed in me trying to leave as fast as possible to not be all to desperate while on the bike. But I didn't dare to leave before lunch, as people in my house are that kind of person which start to question you everything once you start to behave only slightly different. So I decided to wait for lunch to be over and then quickly sneak out. My bladder protested against my plans and went from a 5/10 to a 6/10 with the urge constantly building up, which made it uncomfortable to sit still for me. I rushed trough my meal and went upstairs to grab my stuff: A pants for change just in case, water bottles, keys. I put on my pants I reserved for wetting as they have a hole in the crotch so I don't wear them normally. I sneaked outside and got my bike out of the garage then started cycling to my destination.

A kind of bad idea, my bladder revolted (7/10) and I had to fight back to not leak. My excitement but also my anxiety grew as I was still in the midst of my home village with people outside knowing me by name. I hurried up to leave and begged that no one would come to catch me for a long conversation. Luckily people around seemed to be busy and I made my way through the streets. The street was ascending so I had to really push my bike which made holding my pee back not easier. Finally I left the village which also meant more altitude to overcome. My bladder kind of realized I won't give in at this point and the tension eased a bit. 

After a few minutes my spot was in sight but my plan was crossed through agian: The last 500m of lawn which I had to cross was almost 50cm high. I decided that I don't wanted to collect ticks like crazy and focused on moving on. My tension was back almost instantly. Quickly I came up with an alternative not to far away while passing the lawn which should be the final step to my destination. But know I had even more altitude before me. After a while I had to leave the paved street. First there was a little part downwards which would be cool but unfortunately it was scattered with holes, some of which hit me real hard, so that at the following part going up again I really struggled and leaked.

But I gained back control within a blink of an eye and mastered the last exhausting uphill ride. Finally I reached my alternate destination through a small path going slightly down. Here I was protected from views but I feared people walking or cycling the path near me. According to it's look it wasn't used frequently and it was no typical time for people to hike outside as it was 2pm on monday. But nonetheless I was still listening closely to everything slightly suspicious. Simultaneously it hit me with surprise that I even made it to this point as I didn't hold it for months.

My plan was to wait and push myself to my absolute limit for the first time as I had no opportunity to this point. But it turned out, that this opportunity has still to come, as I realized I have not to much time left until I had to be back for an online meeting. Despite drowning the water I had in my backpack (around 500ml I had also drunk something before) I knowed all to well that I was far from my real limit and that I wouldn't have a real accident in time. So I thought about wetting my pants on purpose. But I was not sure about that one. I kinda felt bad about peeing my pants even if I don't use them anymore and I also was really anxious about how to transport them back and wash them without anyone noticing. I also don't wanted to put them into the washing machine as it was kinda gross to me but I also deemed it unfair to the rest of the house which are uninformed of my adventures.

However I finally decided: No more anxiety! I want to experience wetting my pants and now will be the moment to try! So I put out my shoes and socks to keep them clean and stepped a few steps forward bare feet. Listened for any warning signs of someone approaching and finally gave in. My bladder took that opportunity right away and sent a big strong stream. From next to know time my left leg was completely soaked. What for a feeling! I felt so aroused. I dripped down on my feed the nice warmth was everywhere. 

The stream stopped for a moment as I got hard. I continued to release, now wetting my other leg. It also was completely soaked in no time. 12 hours of holding just went through my pants. I was surprised I really completely soaked my pants. For a moment I just stood there enjoying the moment. My soaked pants but also the nice nature around me, the wet soil of the forest beneath my feet, a nice breeze blowing around me, the far sounds of a car passing by on the street which led my here, it's passengers uninformed about my presence and my joy. I stayed there for another while until a changed my pants and drove home.

I really struggled with my wet pants and feared being caught with them as I arrived home. But luckily no one was in the garage so I could wash them there. I felt amazed but also kinda concerned afterwards. At least it was kinda crazy to really to this outside as there may always be a hunter or forester nearby without my noticing which could pretty much suck if they spread the rumor as it is a rural area and things like this spread like a wildfire. But I am still very happy to try this out at least once.

I hope you enjoyed the story. I really give you the advice to go outside and try walking on bare feet in a forest, the feeling of the soil is amazing (also if you're not holding :)) Even it sounds weird in the first moment. I also realized how holding and living out your kink is a privilege, as I had at least some struggle but others may never be able to live their kinks in their lives. Normally I would tell you a lot of anecdotes from my life to enrich the story but sadly most of them would ruin my anonymity so I am afraid I can't tell. Nonetheless I hope I could enrich your day and I am really excited to hear what you think about my story

