Overheard in the pharmacy

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-05-12 20:47

On Friday afternoon I had to pick up a prescription from my local pharmacy. It was a busy in town pharmacy attached to a busy doctors surgery. There is pretty much always a wait to be served.

There were a number of people in front of me all being served by the same lady who was in her mid twenties. She looked like she had been constantly busy for quite some time though she remained professional. As she was behind the counter I never noticed anything else much but when it came to my turn to be served and I said I was in to collect my son’s medicine she took his name and I watched as she went into a small off shoot area with fridges, a couple of computers and boxes of prescriptions that had been made and were waiting for collection.

From where I was standing at the edge of the counter I could see that she was moving about loads and as she leaned on the counter her legs were kicking behind her. I was absolutely taken aback to then hear her say to a colleague that she was just ‘running upstairs for a minute as i’m bursting for the toilet.’ She then disappeared and returned a few minutes later with my son’s prescription and looked in the box it was stored in to give me it.

I do wonder how long she must have been holding on in that busy pharmacy before she realised she couldn’t wait any longer?

*006*2019-05-26 00:36

{{6 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

When I worked in retail we were never allowed to leave a customer halfway through a sale, and I remember several times finally getting a break from the tills then being stopped on my way to the staff toilets by customers needing help. I remember once hurrying to the toilets, absolutely bursting after waiting for hours, but before I could get there a woman asked me to cut some material for her. I had to walk with her to another area of the store, cut the material to the right length then stand with her in a very long queue at the checkouts in order to tell the cashier the correct price, the entire time trying to remain professional and not piss myself at the same time!

}}

That must have taken immense self control. I’d love to hear more of that. Did you squirm at all or have to move about loads? How close were you to actually pissing yourself?

*008*2019-05-31 17:08

{{3 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

The hardest part was having to stand there explaining all the different types of garden netting then waiting ages for her to choose one while I stood there moving from foot to foot and crossing my legs wishing she would hurry up and make up her mind. Then when she eventually picked one out, I had to stand still while I cut off a piece of the netting with scissors while she held onto the other end. Waiting in the queue for the till took forever and I couldn’t keep still for a second, I’m sure she must have noticed me moving and squirming around.

I stood there next to her making polite conversation and longing to rush off for a pee but I managed to hold on for a few more minutes until we completed the sale and I could finally run to the staff toilets for a much needed piss. If I had been less shy, I probably would have admitted to her that I was desperate (I think she could tell anyway) and asked if she’d minded me quickly nipping to the toilet first before helping her, but back I was still very shy about admitting to people (especially customers) that I needed to go.

I remember on another occasion sitting in the break room with my female supervisor when a guy who worked in the camping department (quite young, tall and handsome) came striding in while squeezing his cock through his uniform trousers. When he saw us he quickly let go, said hi then hurried past us into the staff toilet. There was only a single, thin door separating the break room from the toilet and so we heard him unzip his trousers then sigh with relief as he released an absolute waterfall into the toilet. It just went on and on, and my supervisor started giggling and blushing as we could both very clearly hear this never ending piss splashing into the toilet bowl.

When he was finally finished my supervisor asked him how long he’d been waiting for a loo break and he told us that he’d been needing to go for ages but as he was the only person working in the camping dept that day (a busy Saturday during early summer), every time he tried to walk to the toilets he’d been stopped by customers wanting to buy tents and other camping stuff. He’d apparently tried 3 or 4 times to get to the loo, getting stopped by customers each time, getting more and more desperate, before finally having to apologise to a customer and ask them to hold on for a couple of minutes while he ran to the loo as he’d been holding on all day!

}}

Wow! That’s an incredible story. (Both of them) so thank you for sharing. I really enjoyed them both and now so glad you both made it...though sounds like only just!

