An accident in snowpants in front of my friend

Author: Sol

*000*2017-09-13 21:58

There has been some great stories here recently about wettings in snowpants, so I thought I would share my story!

This happened last year when I went skiing with a friend in the Alps.

At breakfast that morning, as I sat dressed in my thick snowpants over jeans I already felt a bit naughty. I was staying in a separate room from my friend, so I knew I could have some fun without getting noticed. I finished eating and had another two cups of coffee and an orange juice. I was already feeling the effects in my bladder as I sipped a bottle of water in the car on the way to the lifts. Once there, I got another drink from a machine which I sipped happily on the first chairlift. I was genuinely curious how long I would be able to hold on, as I wasn't planning on wetting myself on purpose..

The first couple of rides went by while I forgot about my plan for a little while. It was so much fun! Then, after about two hours, as we were standing in line for the chairlift, I could feel my bladder bulging inside my snowpants. My heart started racing as I realized what was happening. There were no toilets around this particular lift, so I had to accept my fate.. I knew I was going to have an accident! We got on the lift, it was just the two of us on the bench. I felt a mix of excitement and fear, as I did not know if the wetness I was about to unleash would show through my black pants.

After only a minute into the ride, it happened. I was peeing myself like a little boy on a school excursion, only this time I was 28 years old! At first, a jet of pee wet my boxer shorts. Then there was no stopping it. I completely soaked by boxers, my jeans and my snowpants. I could feel my bum slowly getting warm and wet. A rush of arousal and shame rushed trough me as we stepped of the lift. Amazingly, it did not show! I decided to just keep on skiing and wetting myself whenever I needed it for the rest of the day. As we had lunch in the restaurantat the summit, I warmed my pants up again by slowly letting go, this time on purpose. We also went for a drink at an afterski, still in my wet pants. It was extremely crowded, and as I sat squeezed in on a bench between two cute girls, I let go again.

Hope you enjoyed my story! Would love to hear other experiences with snowpants!

*003*2017-09-14 11:06

I'm glad you liked the story! No one noticed as far as I was aware of, but my but was noticably wet after the second wetting in the cafe!

