(Sorta) sightings and stories at work

Author: AlwaysOmo

*000*2021-12-12 23:56

After a brief sighting I had the fortune of seeing today at work, I thought I'd start this thread.

For context, I work in a relatively large department store in a busy mall. On a typical day, I work as a cashier at the desk nearest the store's entrance. So, this leaves me in a position where a lot of customers ask me where they can find the bathroom. And while I haven't seen many sightings of obvious desperation throughout my time working there, there is always a fair chance that I will on any given day due to my location in the store. True, it's not as good as being at the register right by the bathrooms, but it's something.

So, today, a woman (Asian, late 20s, average height and build, wearing a pink sweater and skinny jeans) comes up to my register looking somewhat distressed, breathing heavily with a tense look on her face. She says, hurriedly, "Excuse me, is there a bathroom here?" I, courteously, tell her: "Yes, there is." and give her the directions. She nods and quickly says "Thank you!", then did something that really drew my attention. She started *running* in that direction, as if it were an emergency, pushing past other customers in the process. Now it wasn't clear what sort of emergency it was as there were no specific signs she needed to pee (though her legs did seem awfully close together as she ran!), but I can believe what I want to believe. I watched as she bolted around the corner and it was the last I saw of her. Like I said, I don't really know if she was desperate to pee but it certainly got me thinking.

...

Another sighting I had at work involving a customer happened a few months ago. A middle-aged woman stood pee-dancing at the checkout while she did her returns. I forgot exactly what she looked like but I think she had mid length blonde hair, glasses, and was heavyset. I remember her saying something along the lines of "Ooh I need the ladies room." or something like that, while she squeezed her legs together. And if I remember correctly, she had an empty large iced coffee cup in her hand, so I could only assume she finished drinking that in her car on the way to the store. Then at the end of the transaction, she asked where the bathroom was and took off.

...

I also had a sighting involving a coworker over a year ago. She was tall, thin, and of Carribean descent, and she looked younger than she really was (probably around 40 or so). She had been at the register all day and started complaining that she really had to pee, right before a customer came up to her register with a really large return. I could see her crossing her legs, shifting her weight from side to side, and bending forward awkwardly at the waist while she did the transaction. 

After she gave the customer her reciept, she asks me to take over for her because she "has to go pee-pee right now or she'll explode" When she told me this, she did a little dance on the spot. Then, she half-ran half-shuffled, over to the elevator to go to the upstairs bathrooms, because apparently she thought the downstairs ones were too dirty. And when she came back, she said something along the lines of how she felt much better now. This one actually stuck in my mind, purely because of the cute little dance she was doing at the register and how vocal she was about her need.

...

I have another co-worker who I'm surprised I haven't seen desperate yet, as she always complains she doesn't have time to go to the bathroom all day and the only time she gets to go is on her break. I think she must have a really strong bladder, as she is constantly drinking soda throughout the day, as well, so I'm surprised she's never been caught short as far as I know.

...

I also had a male coworker tell me a story of being desperate at the register without anyone to cover for him. I don't remember too much of the actual story but he said he was alone at the desk and had a line of customers and he had to ask them to wait a few minutes so he could run to the men's room. (Which is frowned upon, as the desk isn't supposed to be left unattended) Normally, this guy is very stoic and professional, so he really must've been bursting if he had to take such a measure. He laughed it off as he told me the story and excused it by saying "If you have to pee, you have to pee." or something along those lines and made a face while imitating how he desperately excused himself from the desk.

...

Oh, and there was another guy that I had a bit of a crush on who I got to see desperate one time when we worked together on Black Friday one year. He was around 20 years old, tall and slim and was of mixed heritage. Me and him were the only ones working together for the midnight shift, so coverage was pretty much nonexistent. Around 3 am, he says to me "Fuck, I really gotta piss and all the bathrooms were busy." He seemingly had to go pretty frequently anyways, and was always drinking a lot of water throughout the day, which had already piqued my curiousity prior to this, but knowing he'd possibly not have the oppurtunity to go this time really got my attention.

He told me that the line to the men's room was out of control and that he didn't want to wait in it. He then said something like "This sucks! I don't know what I'm gonna do." And I saw a look of alarm written on his face that I hadn't seen before, so I knew this was serious. I searched for other signs and he appeared to be getting restless and fidgety. While part of me hoped he would have to stay in this situation a bit longer just so I could witness how cute he looked while desperate, a part of me felt bad for him and wanted to help. So I suggested that he try the employee bathrooms upstairs and that I didn't mind if he had to walk away for a few minutes more. He seemed really grateful that I said that, and came back looking refreshed and little flushed in the face about 10 mins later.

...

If I think of any more stories or have any more sightings, I'll be sure to post updates

