Wetting myself during a shower

Author: astralis

*000*2021-09-26 02:29

Last night I was on the phone with a friend for close to four hours. After we hung up I noticed I had to pee, not terribly bad but enough. I still had to take my shower and brush my teeth so I undressed and got ready for the evening. Standing up made the urgency a lot stronger; again, still not to the point of true desperation, but I could absolutely feel the weight in my bladder. I had to shift my weight and squirm a lot while brushing my teeth. Thought about using the toilet but why should I?

So I got in the shower and turned on the hot water. Normally when I wet myself in the shower it takes a little bit for my muscles to relax enough to let go, unless I'm just absolutely bursting. But for whatever reason last night as soon as I stood under the showerhead to get my hair damp I started peeing. What an amazing feeling! The water and my pee were around the same temperature and I could feel all of it running down my legs, and the slow release of pressure in my bladder.

After a while my muscles clenched up a little bit and my stream stopped, but after just a few seconds I started letting go again. My pee streamed out of me on and off like that a few more times before I was fully empty, and it surprised me because I couldn't really feel any pressure anymore, but the pee just kept coming out! Even though the urgency wasn't tremendous the feeling of release was still spectacular as always. Just standing there under the shower with my legs slightly spread and my pee running down my thigh, letting go and relieving myself... There really is nothing like it, is there.

