Wetting diversity week

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2022-06-16 22:53

With a summer of family vacations ahead of me, and a minimum of opportunities for omo, I thought that I´d get the best out of the last week on my own. I challenged myself to wet every day, but in different settings every time. A week to celebrate wetting diversity. Here is how it turned out.

MONDAY: LATEX UNDERWEAR

I had never tried latex clothing before, and it was my partners suggestion to buy me some, to see how it is to wet them. To try something completely new would be a good start of this week, I thought.

I managed to put them on (a bit tricky) and we went in to the bathroom. Even if I had been needing to pee for a while I found it hard to really let go, so I started peeing little by little. Soon the panties started to bulge. It was like filling a water balloon. A very strange feeling. After filling up a bit more I could slosh the pee around with my hand, and it was kind of nice to stimulate myself without really touching. I just put some pressure on the “balloon” and let the waves of my own pee roll over me.

When I peed it felt like peeing while you´re taking a bath, because the pee just went straight into the lake surrounding me. And the underwear hadn´t leaked one single drop yet. We were almost nervous what would happen when I kept peeing, if everything would just pop and splash out suddenly, but it didn´t. After a while some was trickling down my legs though, and I noticed that if I put too much pressure with my hand on the underwear, or moved my legs around, it would leak. Bending my knees resulted in gushing on the floor.

The experience was more fun and interesting than sexy, to be honest. It didn´t really kick my fetish buttons. I´m just too much of a pants wetter. But it could be exciting to wear them under regular clothing and not really know when they will start leaking and wet my pants. Must try that some other time.

TUESDAY: BIKE WETTING AND RAIN WETTING

I was going to town in some errands, and the plan was to wet my shorts on my bike on the way, swim in the city lake, change, do my shopping and head home.

I waited until I needed to pee and headed out. I took the shortest route, and it was busy with traffic from both cars and other cyclists. I only let out spurts when there was nobody nearby, but I still managed so soak the seat of my blue shorts well, and I could see the drops falling down. When I got to town I had to pass by what seemed to be a big group of tourists from another country out on a stroll around the lake. I came behind and passed them by. I kept going until I reached a beach where I was alone.

I parked my bike, took my shoes and t-shirt off, but then I saw the long line of tourists coming my way and I realized I didn´t have time to go into the water before they started to pass me by. I didn´t want to have their staring tourist eyes all over my exotic soaked ass, and I also still needed to pee and didn´t know if the water temperature was warm enough to allow my bladder to relax there. So I just quickly sat down in the grass, and discreetly wet myself right there, as the groups were slowly passing by. They were still staring at me, but I knew there was no way they could see what I was doing.

Once they had all passed by, and before someone else came, I hurried out on the bridge and jumped in. I was surprised to find the water comfortably warm, and could enjoy my swim for a while, but it started to rain, and I thought I might get up, get dressed and put my rain jacket on before it started gushing down. I also took some tissues and cleaned my bike a little. Just as I also wiped my left shoe where I had seen some pee trickle down, a dog walker stopped and started talking to me

“Have you… (wet yourself? Peed your pants? Had an accident? How did she know?)…been swimming?” (Yeah, of course) “Oh yeah, it was actually pretty warm” I said, and we talked a bit before we parted ways. To go swimming for some reason always leads to conversations with strangers, especially early or late in the season when people think I’m crazy because the water is so cold. The fun thing is, I have almost always just peed myself when this happens, and if they knew that, they would probably think it made perfect sense for me to jump in and get myself clean. But I keep that part to myself.

I did my errands, and had one left, a big popular secondhand store in the outskirts of the town where I wanted to look for some birthday gifts for my partner. But I really needed to pee again. I guess I never emptied completely before. Suddenly wetting again on the way home felt like a good idea, but then I wouldn´t be able to concentrate on the shopping, so I decided to just go and pee in the next store anyway, since I knew they had bathrooms.

I got up on my bike, and the rain was now pouring down. My black sport pants were soon wet. And then it struck me that I could basically do whatever now and nobody would see a thing. After 5 more minutes of biking in the rain towards the industrial area, I was even more soaked and made my decision. I let the first spurt out still on the bike when I was turning in to the parking lot by the store. As I parked my bike I peed myself right there with lots of cars and people passing by. Not a full flooding, but enough to go down my legs, as I let some pressure go, before I went in to do my shopping, drenched in both rainwater and pee, but fully comfortable.

When I was done there I got out to my bike again, and this time I just stood there with my back against the building, relaxed and carelessly let the pee flow into my pants as the cars kept passing me by. I stopped and looked down my legs. Nothing really showed so I let go again, no longer even caring about the shoes. It felt amazing.

WEDNESDAY: DIAPERED BEDWETTING

I have told you before about how hard it was for me to accept my love for peeing my pants. It took many years of shame. When I finally came to embrace it, I wasn´t ready to accept that I also had some interest and curiosity in diapers, so this took another little while for me to start exploring. First experimenting with towels, then I bought a package of dry-nites for teens in the supermarket just to see if they would possibly fit me. They are really tight, but I can actually wear them without discomfort.

I like the feeling of being protected and start peeing into a diaper. I like the possible sneakiness about it. But after I have wet there´s something missing. The feeling of wet fabric against my skin, the look and humiliation of peed pants are important parts of my fetish that I don´t get from a diaper wetting so it just doesn´t turn me on as much. It doesn’t mean I don´t like it. It´s still very comfortable and relaxing.

So, the night before Wednesday I slept diapered with plans to wet in the morning. The earlier times I´ve done this have been really bad for my sleep, but this time I didn´t have a night shift ahead of me or anything so I could be more relaxed. I still woke up a bit too early, but I just stayed in bed, as I felt the need to pee starting to come. I have never been a bedwetter, not even as a small kid or while completely drunk. My body seems to have strong barriers. So to just lie there fully protected and allow it to happen feels so wrong and so cool. 

It took a while before I could let a few leaks out, but then after some time I started peeing in longer spurts, feeling the warm diaper swell up. I started my morning routine of checking my phone while still peeing what was left in my bladder, and now my diaper was at its limit and the wet patch on the protective sheet was growing. I felt a little bit turned on, but since I have found it hard to really get there during diaper play, I boosted myself with some stories of sneaky diaper wettings in public from the Omutsu section on here, and it worked just fine.

What a great start of the day.

THURSDAY: JEANS WETTING WITH PRIVATE SCENARIO

Thursday was busy. Work all day, and then I´d go directly from work to beer and karaoke with my friends. Some of the rules I have when it comes to omo play are “don´t do it at work”, “don´t do it around friends”, and “don´t do it in public while under influence of alcohol”. So what I planned for this day was to wet myself at home at night, but spice it up with some build up on the way home. Trying to think of an embarrassing public scenario that I would imagine myself to end up in. This is something I do pretty often, and it usually adds a lot to the excitement of the wetting. It´s like roleplaying with myself, and combined with the real physical sensations it has often created a memory I can go back to in my mind, almost feeling like the imagined accident happened for real.

I had a great night out, and five beers later I was on the train home with a bladder starting to fill up after the last bathroom visit at the pub. I had met a friend on the pub who lived in the same area so instead of getting into my scenario I had to sit all the way listening to him ranting about his loyalty against his workplace as he had been offered a new job somewhere else, and he didn´t know what to do…

I got off the train and headed home, needing to pee, not yet desperate, but in my head I had been holding for a long time. Me and my imagined friends were going out partying in the city, had to walk a bit to the place, and I was really longing for the relief. Once I got inside my home and looked for a towel to place on the floor so that the puddle wouldn´t spread all over, my bladder started to spasm a bit. I was in front of the mirror, but I was also in the line to a night club, realizing I wouldn´t be able to hold it if they didn´t let us in soon, and that my grey jeans wouldn´t hide anything if something happened.

Then I peed myself. Everything just came out, and all I could think of was “How amazing aren´t these jeans to pee in?” I tried to think of the scenario, but it was 1.30 am, I was a bit drunk and it just kept coming back to how great it felt and how the jeans did such a perfect job spreading my pee all over myself with very little ending up on the floor.

Lesson learned – scenarios are better played when you have more focus. It didn´t really add much to it this time but it was still a great wetting (because how awesome aren´t those jeans...) It´s also obvious that there is no recipe for the perfect wetting experience. What works best varies from time to time.

FRIDAY: STRESS LEAKS

As much as I love slowly losing control during extreme desperation, it´s something I for bladder health reasons only do on very special occasions, and that kind of loss of control has only happened to me when I planned it and chugged much more water than my body needed. I just don´t ever get urgently desperate in my daily life.

But there are other ways I can make myself lose control, at least a little bit. I have the typical stress leaks after childbirth. It happens usually while running but also sometimes while walking fast, especially downhill, and it doesn´t have to be a lot in my bladder when this happens. This is a matter of conflicting feelings for me. I have been proud of my strong bladder, and the ability to fully control in what situations I wanna get wet, so it annoys me to see that I don´t always have that control anymore. But I´m determined to find ways to enjoy even my genuine small accidents.

One thing I do for fun sometimes is to wear some light colored jeans and take a walk without peeing beforehand, knowing that if I leak a few times before I´m home it might almost or slightly soak through my jeans, and it´s exciting not really knowing if it will happen or not.

This time I chose my yellowish jeans. I had found them on the shelf at work where people put clothes they no longer use so that others can have them. I don´t like the color, but they fit me well, so I just use them for omo stuff.

I headed out for an hour long route this time, through the village, across the motorway, into the forest, and then back home. I was only needing to pee a little bit when I left, but had been drinking a couple of big glasses of water so I knew it would hit my bladder sooner or later. It did when I was halfway through the forest. I had some urges to pee when I stopped to take photos, and could feel the pee right close at the opening as I walked, but I was still dry when I crossed the motorway bridge that took me back to the village. I started to think that I might actually make it home dry. How boring. But there were still some long steep downhills left, and I knew they would probably get me.

Down the first hill, there it was. A few warm drops slipping out into my underwear. But it was so little.

I was over the last hill and almost home. I clenched my muscles and held on well. A bit too well. So the last few steps downhill I was speeding up my pace, stretching my legs, and was soon rewarded with a bigger warm leak coming out. I quickly touched my crotch, and it was possibly a bit damp, but all wetness was in my underwear.

Once home I just couldn´t resist letting a spurt out while looking at myself in the mirror. It shut straight out and created a cute little patch on my thigh. Time for masturbation with a bladder still nicely full before going to the bathroom, shower, and get ready for work.

SATURDAY: SNEAKY “SURPRISE” WETTING

Another busy day. It was my fantastic, perverted boyfriend´s birthday, and we had only two hours to celebrate it before I had to go to work. Before he came I needed to wrap his present gifts, cook dinner, do laundry and of course dress up for him. Grey suit pants, a shirt, a tie, and a suit vest would make his fetish senses happy.

With our tight schedule of dinner, cake eating, cuddling and sex I would also need to sneak in a wetting. One of my favorite partner play is to do it unannounced, and just waiting for the other to notice. He does this to me too sometimes.

This time it was a little bit too predictable though. He knew about my 7 day challenge, he even asked me how it had been so far while we were having dinner on the balcony. Of course he expected me to do it again today. But at least I managed well to hide my growing desperation and just pretend to be relaxed during dinner.

When we had finished our cake and started kissing, we went to the mirror in the hallway. “Let´s see if we´re looking good together” I said, and immediately let a spurt out in my pants. I could feel it trickle all the way down my leg. When he smiled and said “Oh yeah” I first thought he had noticed me peeing, but he was just admiring the way we looked. We made out, and I peed myself again while kissing him. It was cosy. Looked down at my pants and was surprised to see the wetting still didn´t show at all. I hadn´t wet these grey pants before, and apparently, they were almost waterproof on the inside. At least for now.

We were getting horny (well, we had been all the time) and S put his hand in my pants and felt my wet underwear. “Hmm… is this pee or…” he said, and I didn´t reply. But I kept letting long spurts out. “You´re wetting yourself, right?” he said after a while.

I looked down, and there was a small puddle at my feet, but still not a sign on the pants. The puddle was slowly growing as the pee ran out of my leg holes, and we put a towel there before it crawled away too long. The outside of my suit pants still appeared dry and clean. That is, until we both had reached climax and my left leg was covered in cum. Now I didn´t look that presentable anymore, but it was all his fault. S went to undress, while I remained standing on my towel, now able to relax and fully empty my bladder. With this more intense stream the pee finally made it through the fabric and there were a few small dark patches in the crotch and down the legs. I guess I have found some new pants that are great for public play.

SUNDAY: THE “NOT LIVING ALONE”-BATHROOM WETTING

I had saved something great for Sunday. It was my last work shift before vacations, I would be home around 10 pm and as a grand finale I was of course gonna soak my work uniform pants. That has kind of turned into a traditional thing. To add a little special to it, I planned to go down to the beach walk before heading home, sit and watch the sunset as I flooded my pants and maybe take some amazing photos.

I had stayed well hydrated all day at work, and my last glasses of water were really kicking in on the train ride home. I couldn´t really think of something else. I knew I could hold it without problem, but the relief would be fantastic.

Jumping off the train full of both pee and anticipation, I got a phone call. It was my ex. Our kid had changed his mind and insisted to come to me now instead of in the morning as we had planned. They´d be here in 10 minutes.

So, all the nice build up for nothing. I waited by the train stop until they arrived, and I managed to hide both disappointment and the growing need to pee while walking home. I knew I was also in some way lucky. Had I got that phone call just 20 minutes later I would have had something much more embarrassing to try and hide.

Now I made it home dry and had a long unsatisfying pee in the toilet.

Once the kid was asleep, I wanted to at least complete the challenge, however uninspired I felt after this fail.

I locked myself into the bathroom and put on my yellow jeans from Friday. I hadn´t washed them after that small leak. I had peed in suit pants sitting on the toilet before, but not jeans, so that could be something to try.

After so many wettings this week it wasn´t hard to let go and pee just as if I had been to the bathroom normally. It actually felt just the same. I peed and I heard the sound of the stream hitting the water, the only difference was that my whole butt was getting warm at the same time. Nothing showed in the front, but of course I ended up with a huge wet patch on my ass. I guess if you just have a sweater to tie around your waist you can be really sneaky with a wetting like that even in public places.

So my wetting diversity 7 day challenge was complete. It was fun and I´ll probably do it again some time, with new ideas.

BONUS ON DAY 8: ACCIDENTAL WETTING

Yeah, isn´t it ironic that after 7 days of deliberate wetting, on the first day of my dry season, I´m having a small unplanned accident in public?

I left my kid at home, to go out for a short jog, just 2 km. I had just emptied my bladder, and I hadn´t had much to drink. That meant I should leak a few drops at most, so I didn´t consider it risky to put on my green cotton shorts instead of something more discreet.

Well… This day I was wrong about it. I think I had just been running for one minute, when I started leaking. My bladder still felt completely empty so I kept running, but I also kept leaking. Soon I realized it had soaked through my shorts, and the insides of my legs were wet. It was ok in the front, but I had no idea what it looked like from behind. I knew it must be a patch showing. I was just wearing a t-shirt and had no chance to cover the wet crotch, so I took a shortcut home. Only a few cars passed me by, and I didn´t bump into neighbors so it wasn´t that bad. But I didn´t feel so comfortable about this. It always feels kind of boring to leak when the bladder is as good as empty but in more hiding clothes I probably would have enjoyed it more.

An accident is a big turn on in my fantasy, and not always that much in reality, but I´ll just have to work on that.

I hope you enjoyed reading all of this and get inspired to have your own wetting diversity week!

The pics below are from Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday.

$$

$$

$$

*002*2022-06-18 13:23

{{6 hours ago, wetskipants said:

What a great read. Such a great variety of experiences. Monday and Wednesday have put ideas in my head!

}}

Thanks! And putting ideas in people's heads was exactly what i was hoping for. Have fun!

*005*2022-07-07 13:21

{{On 7/5/2022 at 7:56 PM, Mariner62 said:

Seven days, seven different ways to wet. Sound like a fun challenge.

}}

Yes, go ahead and try it, please. I´d love to read a report!

