Wet My Dress Pants on a Date

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-27 01:34

One winter evening in January 2011(?), I was meeting a guy I'd had a couple okay dates with for dinner at a restaurant I'd never been to before. I had a general idea of where it was, but I wasn't entirely sure. I was meeting him directly from work, so it was a good forty-minute drive, and I really needed to pee long before I even got in that area. I was also still in my work clothes: black work pants, white top, black sweater, black hooded peacoat. My growing desperation distracted me to the point I drove right past the restaurant, and had to call him to ask for more specifics. I was getting irritable, too, as I squirmed in my seat and he couldn't tell me exactly where it was.

I found the place, and he came to my car after I parked it. Although I had told him about my fetish, and showed him my videos on our second date, I didn't want him to think I was trying to force my fetish upon him by showing up ready to piss in my pants. I felt somewhat better when I stood up, more room for my bladder to expand, but I wasted no time getting into the restaurant; I even went to the wrong door at first. He commented that I was in a hurry, and I told him I was freezing.

The restaurant was pretty busy, Friday fish fry, and I had to stand with my legs crossed while we waited for a table. It was also very dark in there, when we did get seated, I felt like I was sitting in a cave, I couldn't see five feet in front of me, let alone pinpoint the restroom. I couldn't sit still, I was on the verge of an accident, and I had to ask him where the restroom was. He said he had no idea where the ladies' room was, only the men's, so I had to wait to ask the waitress, fidgeting the whole time, sitting on one foot, and he laughed at me a little. I laughed, too, because at least he seemed to think my reaction to my predicament was sort of cute. When our waitress finally arrived, I ordered a diet Coke and asked where the restroom was. She pointed out the general direction, and I hurried that way as fast as I could, my legs tightly together. I wanted to hold myself, but knew that wouldn't be proper in this family restaurant.

Just as I reached the restroom, two older ladies were going in, and I followed them. But, to my utter dismay, there were only two stalls, and they beat me to them. I think I may have cursed out loud, or maybe they could just see me pacing the floor, because one of them kept apologizing to me. I couldn't say anything, I couldn't even pace back and forth anymore, I had to stop and cross my legs and focus everything on not losing it, but a long gush escaped, and wet my work pants halfway down to my knees, and I couldn't help but whimper and panic.

I had regained control, but I knew it was only a temporarily victory. I couldn't even remember when I'd last hit the restroom, and had drank at least two liters of water that day, as usual. The same lady who'd apologized told me she'd be right out, I heard the toilet flush, but it seemed to take her forever to put herself together, and I was on the verge of losing it again, and I knew that once I did, I wouldn't be able to stop until most of the pee was out of me.

Finally, she came out, and I hobbled into the stall, just as I lost the battle with my bursting bladder. I began peeing down my legs and couldn't stop, even as I finally pulled my pants down (the lace thong I didn't even bother with) and finished on the toilet. I was fairly confident my date wouldn't notice I'd had an accident; I had wet the same pants too many times to remember, in broad daylight, and this was a dark restaurant. And, he didn't notice, and I didn't tell him.

*007*2016-06-27 21:57

{{15 hours ago, moiamigo said:

Great story. Thanks! How long were u wet for?

}}

The whole time, I was still somewhat damp when I got home a few hours later.

*008*2016-06-27 21:58

{{7 hours ago, eternal_nyte42 said:

Sounds like an awesome date! Did your date ever find out about your accident?

}}

It was an okay date. No, he never found out about that.

*009*2016-06-27 22:01

{{5 hours ago, wettingman said:

It's great that you got away with having this accident. What was his reaction when you told him of your fetish?

Thank you for posting your wetting story, I enjoyed it.

}}

You're welcome.

He was cool with it. Eventually, he wanted to try it, so one night when he had to pee, I told him to get in the shower (he even dressed up cute and preppy for the occasion) and I hopped in with my clothes on, too. He couldn't pee though, even after I wet myself, and he touched.

*011*2016-06-28 18:24

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

I hope he didn't give up. It takes some patience and practice to get past our training that wetting your pants is wrong.

}}

I know what you mean, that mental block I never seemed to have! I don't know whether or not he got over it, I stopped going out with him shortly after that.

