First friends

Author: blisster

*000*2016-10-23 14:36

I must have been about 12 when I was allowed to go and spend the day with John, a friend from school. I was wearing my grey school pants and a shirt tucked into them. When I arrived we went into John's bedroom to play and i sat on the bed. As i did so there was the crackling noise I knew all too well was associated with a waterproof mattress cover. John "noticed that i had noticed" and went red. I knew him well enough to say "my mattress is covered too". He told me he had a weak bladder and i said I guessed I had as well because I had accidents some nights. We didn't say much about it, but agreed it was awful when you got desperate and couldn't hold it.

We had a drink and agreed to go out and play in the big country park near his house. John's mum told him to change into his play clothes. She looked as if she was going to explain about this, but John jumped in and said "It's OK mum, Brendan has a weak bladder too".

His mum told me John wore nylon shorts and no underpants when he went out to play as they were better "in case he wee-wee;d" himself. John said they didn't show wet marks and dried quickly in the sun. His mum said that if i wanted I could borrow some for the day. I was anxious to say "yes" because it would mean I didn't have to worry about the possibility of going home and admitting to mum I had "done it in my pants again".

We went into Johns Bedroom and his mum gave us a tee shirt and a pair of the nylon beach shorts each. We changed and I think we both noticed ,but said nothing about, the yellow discolouration that never washed out of our white cotton "Y fronts".

The shorts were very comfy and had a nylon mesh inner support - not that i had much to support, but it felt good.

We were out about 4 hours and had a drink and sandwiches from John's mum. Unlike at my house we were not told to "make sure we used the toilet" before leaving. When I needed to pee I held it as long as I could and then told John. He said he never bothered to "hold it" but just whizzed down the leg of his shorts - or just let it come out while he was walking. I was at the point of holding myself to keep control, but didn't grab my crotch - instead the floodgate opened and a yellow stream cascaded down my legs. John grinned and said "feels good?". I replied "guess so".

His mum was right - the nylon shorts were not visibly wet and dried quickly- the nylon support mesh stayed wetter longer, but felt good as it snuggled against me. I don't know how often I pee'd again, but i do know I didn't bother about holding it and let my wee escape when it needed to.

When we got back John's mum asked if he "had used his pants" and he told her we both had. She said "hop in the shower" and came with us to the bathroom, We stood in the bathtub and took our tee shirts off. We were told to drop our shorts, and we stepped out of them. She picked them up and put them in what looked like a old fashioned diaper pail.

I thought we were going to be left alone, but John's dad came in and without asking proceeded to wash me in the same way as he did John. He was gentle and chatted all the time. He towelled us off and we ran naked back to John's room where I changed back into my day clothes. It was evening and John put pyjamas on - not minding in the least that I saw the disposable diaper he wore underneath - why should I? - mine was waiting for me at home.

*007*2017-02-10 09:27

I agree about the wierdness of the shower washing - but it was done as a natural extension of his care for this son to include me and didn't at hte time seem freaky - but it shouldn't/hopefully wouldn't happen today.

