What to do on a boring afternoon

Author: Elyra

*000*2017-07-01 12:57

I’ll describe on of my first experiences of wetting/making my girlfriend wet.

If my english is not proper, please be kind, it’s not my first language :)

So, my girlfriend and I lived together for a year and were really into BDSM. We both love to combine it with holding/wetting. I’m the dominant part in our relationship and this is were the story begins.

It was one of those days, where you can’t do exactly anything but watching TV and stay at home. It was too hot to go out and so wes at on the couch, watching a show about famous rivers and waterfalls. It was when the show was at the Niagara Falls, when I noticed my girlfriends behaviour. She couldn’t sit still, was moving around on the couch and a little squirming. I asked her „You need a pee?“ and she turned bright red and said no.

She was really shy about peeing, I knew that and the devilish side of me took over control. I wrapped my arms around her and stopped her from moving around and squirming. I held her for another hour like this, enjoying her efforts to move. I asked again if she needed to pee and with dark red face she nodded slowly. I smirked „What if I won’t let you go? You think, you can handle it?“ my girlfriend is a fighter and she looked me in the eye and nodded. I started caressing her legs, which she had crossed, spreaded them a little. She gasped and grabbed her crotch.

„It’s ok, I hold it for you.“ I laed my hand on her crotch, started rubbing her. She began moaning, pressend her legs together and spread them again to give me better access. She didn’t know what to do, her urge to pee fought with her hornyness until I took her hand and led her tot he bedroom. I undressed her and handcuffed her „You sure you can hold it?“ she nodded again, but I could see a little panic in her eyes. I got her on the hook, literally, we have a hook and a chain in our bedroom. She stood there, hands above her head, with her legs pressed together, doing an adorable on the spot dance. I didn’t tell her what I was doing, so I went tot he kitchen and got some ice cubes. Like I said, I’m a devil. I came back and went behind her, so she couldn’t see what I was doing.

I pulled her a little back, so she could bent over. She smiled thankfully but squeaked, when the first ice cold drop hit her body. I saw her leaking and commanded immediately to hold. She stopped and looked at me desperate „I need to go, really.“ I shook my had andwrapped my arms around her from behind. As she felt my cold hands, she started moaning, struggled against the handcuffs. I touched her belly with a little pressure, just to see, how far she is. She moaned and hopped on the spot. „Stay still or I’ll have to punish you.“ She tried, she really did but I didn’t stop to push her bladder, so she couldn’t. As she moved, I let her go „Bad girl…. Such a bad girl…“ and took another ice cube in my hand. Then I wrapped her again in my arms and startet caressing her with this ice cube. She was moaning and nearly crying, whenever I came near her bladder. 

She squirmed and hopped, it was sooo adorable. Ice cold drops ran along her legs, it was then, when she lost control again. She peed for a few seconds, then she gained control back and started apologizing, her face as red as possible. I whispered in her ear „It’s ok. Just let go.“ But she shook her head in a panic. Like I said, she was really shy, really embarrassed (she’s everytime like this and we’re doing it since nearly ten years so far ^^). I wrapped her again in my arms and decided to help her. I kissed her neck and bit her, when she was distracted by this sensation, I spread her legs wide and pushed strongly against her bladder. She lost it completely, I didn’t stop pre against her bladder and with a little scream she started peeing. I held her tight, whispering in her ear what a good girl she was. When she was done, I let her off the hook, we cleaned up and the rest of this day…. Well, let’s say, it wasn’t boring after all.

