Peeing nude

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2016-12-09 02:37

So every summer/fall, a friend and i would go camping somewhere that allowed us to be completely nude as long as we stayed in a certain area. i had just turned 18 and this was our first trip out there and my first time camping. i was really nervous walking around without clothes, but i wanted to try it. it was so comfy at home and it turned out to be even more exhilarating outdoors. the only thing was i was still nervous about peeing outside even though id done it before. this time though, i wasnt in an alleyway with a friend being a lookout. there was hardly anywhere to truly hide my activity so i held it for really long periods at a time.

My friend and i were out for a hike when my bladder reached capacity and i decided to speak up.

"I reallly have to pee right now!" i said, doing the pee dance with my hands on my crotch.

My friend giggled at me. "Then just go! whats stopping you?"

"Privacy..."

She laughed hard. "YOU ARE NAKED IN THE WOODS ALREADY! JUST GO!"

I whined a little bit, but stayed speechless, stuck in my own paradox.

She sighed. "Would it help if i peed too? i dont want your bladder exploding. its not even like tou can wet yourself. i mean you can get it on your leg, but..."

I cut her off. "Yes, please. lets hurry." she went behind a tree, i followed. she pulled up on her labia and arched her back, and i watched as she started to pee, mostly standing up. i juat did the squat, and asked her where she learned that. apparently she taught herself, trying to pee like her little brother.

Somehow, she was still peeing after i was done. i asked her how bad she had to go and she just shrugged, saying that she was going to wait until we got back to our tent, even though she was pretty full. im sure her bladder is much bigger than mine though.

