Came very close to a pants wetting accident

Author: kilianj74

*000*2021-08-21 21:39

Today I was drving a long way back from being with my family. It was quite a stressful day for me - I had managed to get lost while driving to a coffee shop where I was meeting them earlier, and after two coffees I was ready to drive home. It was only an hour and a half drive but it was raining heavily and I had to wait for 20 mins before starting to charge my phone battery.

I was conscious of my need to pee whille driving, and because I was going back home a different way and there was lots of stop start traffic, I had to concentrate really hard. It was raining heavily, with constant water noises that didn't help, but I knew I only had to hold it long enough to get home and my sat nav counted down the miles so I mentally prepared for it. I was expecting on arriving home to grab my key from my pocket, dash in and take a pee.

But when I got home the key wasn't in my pocket.

I tried not to panic, but while clutching my crotch I went to the back of my car and searched the boot for the key. I opened my suitcase and methodically went through everything in my suitcase, every single pocket of my trousers, shorts, jackets and coats. No sign of the key. I panicked and felt a squirt of pee in my pants. It was also raining (lightly) and I was starting to get wet in more ways than one.

I searched the glove box and main compartments of my car, but decided I couldn't hold any longer. I couldn't bend to thoroughly search under the seats and I could barely focus as I was about to wet myself. I was wearing white trousers also and knew I couldn't wet in these, especially as I would need to get my spare key off the neighbour!

Fortunately my front garden is not very well kept and there is a large section of bushes out front, and my drive bends round so it is possible to hide behind the bushes and be invisible from the road (unless anyone walks up the drive). Frantically I hid in that corner and peed into a pile of leaves, in the corner of the driveway, and the rain was coming down fast enough now to wash it away.

I was able to concentrate enough after that to get my door key back from my neighbour (which was another long story as she was away and had to ring another neighbour who had her spare key). So the second neighbour retrieved my spare key from the first neighbours house and I was able to get inside!

*004*2021-08-22 21:08

{{4 hours ago, wetaccident said:

And then I actually lost a squirt in my shorts while standing in front of the building door trying to find the right key!

}}

Hot. Yeah I found that my mind had processed it was about to pee soon when I got to my locked door so I started leaking when looking for the key even though I had been holding without too much difficulty when driving. Even when I was decided to pee in the bush and it was 'safe' I started peeing in my undies a bit before I could get my cock out and I was going full force as soon as I did!

*006*2021-08-22 22:30

{{4 minutes ago, Windows XPee said:

Great story and glad you managed to improvised without embarrassing yourself in front of your neighbour! Even with the fetish, sometimes improvising at the last minute is the best option overall.

}}

Thanks. I had to improvise because I couldn't concentrate on finding a key with my bladder screaming and I knew that I might have to wait hours for the neighbour to get home, or even drive back, or get someone to break in. None of these I wanted to do in wet pants! If I had found the key and known I could get into the house I might have relaxed and wet for fun but I would never do this in front of neighbours.

