Pissing at night

Author: AudreyLovesPee

*000*2016-08-09 17:47

So the other day I was thinking about how I really want to wet the bed but I can't ever seem to do it. Also I don't have any protection on my bed. So instead of doing a bed wetting I decided I would just wet myself in my pajamas in the shower. So last night I woke up needing to pee really badly. So I quickly sat up and was getting out of bed when I leaked for a few seconds. The streem shot right through my think white panties and through my pjs. I got out of bed holding my pussy all the way to the bathroom. 

Then I payed down in the shower and with out a second more the pee shot out of me. I peed for about 2 minutes and when it finally ended I rubbed the pee all over myself. Of course my pants and panties were already soaked but I layed down so my stomach and boobs were sitting in a puddle of pee. I flipped over to get my back side wet too. Then I played with my vagina until I cumed. It felt so amazing. Then I stripped down to just my panties. By now they were completely see through. I climbed back in bed after taking off my soaking panties.

When I got up this morning I was sticky down there and my bed was a bit sticky too. So I took a shower and now I'm here writing about it for you.

Hope you enjoy

Audrey

*003*2016-08-10 12:29

Yea I really should get a mattress protector.

*005*2016-08-10 13:42

Trash bags sound like a good way to do it, I may try it.

*013*2016-08-18 07:23

{{On August 10, 2016 at 2:09 PM, honeybell3 said:

Plastic pants made a huge difference, for me personally ^-^ In actuality, I needed them for my epilepsy, at night. I eventually worked all that out with some medication:/

It was age twelve to fifteen, and seventeen to nineteen :| Now it's more of a fetish :3

Me and my very close friend, who happens to be girl, but is not my girlfriend ,(strange logic, I know, but so does she.) like too wear rolled up, pajama bottoms, inside knee-long plastic pants, We soak them, until they leak,(not too much leaking though ) whilst we play 'Pokemon Stadium 2' on my N64 =^-^= I suck at just about every mini-game-_-

}}

Yea I might try thoose somtimes. I hope you and your friend meet again soon to wet your plastic pants. Sounds like fun wish I could join in on the fun.

*015*2016-08-18 17:53

{{43 minutes ago, Gemmy said:

PJ wetting is always hot, thanks for sharing your fun time with us

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you liked it. I love all your story's and I'm a fan. Im so happy you like what I write.

