Walk in the park

Author: Omocutie

*000*2018-07-14 20:03

Hello again! Sorry it's taken me a while to post again, I don't always get a lot of time! This one may be a little long and there's no pictures, but it does include desperation and public wetting.

I'll start this story with a little context, I'm female and fairly slim, and I'm around 5 foot 8 with dirty blonde hair. I've been seeing someone for a few months now. I've known him for a long time but we've only recently reconnected and it's almost like we're discovering each other all over again. He surprised me recently by expressing interest in seeing me wet myself and we've been exploring things together since then.

A couple of weeks ago we had a couple of days off work that we could spend together. On one of these days we decided to have a walk into town. The weather was beautiful, there wasn't a cloud in sight and I was wearing a little floral summer dress and plain black knickers. In case you aren't aware, the UK has been in the middle of a heat wave for at least a month now, I live in the North and I can't remember the last time I saw a drop of rain. It's been lovely but we aren't used to this heat, so we were making sure to keep hydrated throughout the day.

We walked into town which only takes about 25 minutes but the first thing we did when we got there was grab a drink each, as it was really hot and humid. I joked that I shouldn't go to the toilet until we got home, and he joked around a little with me, asking if I could hold it for that long. At this point I was sure we wouldn't be spending long there as there wasn't much we needed to do so I was pretty confident I could hold it until we made it home.

As usual the centre was pretty busy as it was the weekend, and it took over an hour to do everything we had intended to. Due to the heat we ended up taking another break for a drink (this time it was a large frozen strawberry lemonade from McDonald's). As we started the walk home I started to feel uncomfortable twinges in my bladder, but I was feeling risky and it was hot so I swung into one of the shops on the way out of town and got a bottle of flavoured water. He decided that instead of taking the quickest route home, we would take the scenic route through the park, at this point I was still pretty confident I could hold it despite the scenic route adding at least 20 minutes to the walk, so I agreed.

By the time we had nearly reached the park (which took about 25 mins) I had finished the bottle of water and I was distinctly uncomfortable. Every step I took made my bladder squirm, it took a lot of concentration to control myself to not let the contents spill out. We were a couple of hundred metres from the park before I began to leak, the hot wetness dribbling into my knickers. At this point I knew I had to go to the toilet or I was going to lose control. Instead I was steered away from the toilets in the park and along the path toward a more empty area of the park, with more trees.

As we made our way along the path, towards the trees, I could feel the excruciating fullness of my bladder, and the warm wetness between my legs where I had leaked a couple of times. When we were nearly in the trees I accidentally let out a little gush, and a small amount trickled down the inside of my thigh. I was terrified I was going to lose control and wet myself where people could see me, as I would have been mortified! He seemed to be getting more and more excited the more desperate I got.

I was steered over to the base of a large tree. I was really close to not being able to hold it at this point but I still did a quick scan around to check nobody would wander over before I allowed my body to relax and I lost all control. The warm liquid began to hiss as rivers formed down the inside of my legs, a small puddle forming beneath me. At this point a man walking his dog appeared around a tree, and I was nervous that he would be aware of me wetting myself as he was passing within 5 metres of me. 

I crouched down, unable to stop the flow, hoping this made the, now large, puddle beneath me less obvious, and I tried to hide the look of shame on my face. The guy I am seeing sat down too, obviously trying to hide how turned on he was. The man walking his dog seemed oblivious to what was happening so close to him. As he disappeared, the flow finally slowed and stopped, the huge puddle under me a sure sign of what had just happened. We were both so turned on that we left for home pretty quickly, me still wearing the wet knickers.

This was a new experience for me, as I had never wet in public before and the risk of it was exhilarating. Unfortunately no pictures as we were a little caught up in the moment and in public but I'll be taking and posting some pictures soon. I hope you guys enjoyed this as much as I did!

