No Toilet

Author: buggy2013

*000*2016-11-11 00:24

Okay, so it's been a while. I wanna share some of the fun that's happened while I was away though.

A few months ago I went to visit some friends and got a motel room for the one night I'd stay in town. I also packed for a little fun.

Once I'd checked in I set about fixing the space for my 'activities'. My goal was to not use a toilet for my stay, while remaining courteous to those who would be cleaning the room when I was finished. A plastic cover went on the mattress, puppy pads went on the floor, and sheets from my home made up the bed.

I still had a few hours before I was supposed to meet up with the gang, and I really really needed a pee from the long drive. I knew I have a huge bladder and only so many diapers and puppy pads with me so I didn't want to waste them going whenever the mood struck so I knew I'd have to be careful and make each go count.

Even after the six hour drive and two large coffees I squirmed through getting made up to go our for dinner and drinks. Just before getting dressed I finally waddled over to where I'd arranged three pads to overlap for protection, squatted and released. It went on for ages and I could only pant with relief. I balled the saturated mats up and tied them in a bag, happy that the protection was enough. I pulled a pull-up over my butt and got dressed in my skinny jeans. I slipped another diaper in my bag knowing I was going to e having a few drinks and headed out.

It was really good for the first few hours. Seeing the gang again was amazing. The place we went for dinner was beyond packed, but they insisted it was well worth the wait. When we finally could get in we hung out at the bar and started catching up with a few drinks while we waited for a table. After nearly an hour and a half we were showed to a booth and I had to pee, but knew i could hold it. I decided to switch to soda for the night as I was going to be driving, and didn't relish the thought of a six hour drive in the morning with a hangover.

The place was indeed worth the wait, but I'd ordered something a little saltier/heavily seasoned and had several refills in the at of quenching my thirst. By the time we were stumbling out of the place I was dying to go. Everyone else had visited the restroom at least once already. I knew that if my bladder was this full it would easily overflow the protection. I waited until we reached the outdoor concert that we'd decided on checking out to begin formulating a plan. It was at the community's sports center and advertised local artists. Vendors and undraiserd had booths set up all around to take advantage of the crowd. I searched around while we maneuvered to find a place to set up and thank the lord there were port-a-potty's.

I excused myself as quickly as I could to the makeshift facility and stood in line. Carefully, I focused on releasing bits into my protection. I panicked a little as the spurts got longer and the line wasn't getting much shorter. I could feel the padding swelling and bulging dangerously, but I was only half empty. By the time I reached the stall I was doing an awkward bow-legend hobble to avoid squeezing the over-filled fabric. I'd managed to stop the flow and get myself under control, thankfully as I wanted to save my other protection and ontinue my challenge. I ripped open the tear away sides and disposed of it, then had to fight with my clingy attire in the filthy, cramped space to get the new one on.

My bladder wasn't happy about not getting to void all the way, but it soon escaped my mind as I got caught up in conversation and music. By the time we called it a night I was sure I was going to explode. My tipsy crew was off to relieve themselves often and i was glad I'd let up on the alcohol. Unfortunately I hadn't been smart enough to lay off of the Dr. Pepper. I added out hugs and farewells and watched their cab pull away, grateful I wasnt DD. I walked around the block as quickly as possible to my car and knew I wouldnt make the ride back to the motel without ruining my seat. After checking the trunk for something to lay on the seat and coming up with a blanket I stood on the sidewalk and let loose. I know I owned in relief as everything jetted out of me without restraint, unlike the meager relief my pee earlier had provided. The diaper I was wearing was virtually useless against the tide, but merely swelled up and pressed hot and wet against my lady parts.

Shaking with the long awaited relief I sat gingerly on the folded blanket trying not to press too firmly on the leaking protection. I found myself rocking against the heat as I drove the few miles back to where I was staying. I got into the shower right away when I got back to clean up. I ended up relieving myself in another way, so turned on by the accident. I'd planned to wear another pull-up to bed, but decided to act as if wetting the bed wasnt my plan at all. I was already feeling the need to go again, I guess I was a little backed up from holding while drinking so much. I ignored it and went to bed, only to wake up very full hours later. It took a bit to fin a position, but I was able to roll over and go back to sleep. I woke up later with my bladder screaming for release. I'd been dreaming that I was on the toilet peeing and peeing and peeing but getting no relief when I woke.

I knew there'd be no getting back to sleep, and I almost chickened out as wetting the bed has always been a bit of a line for me. I really wanted to do it though. So I lay there squirming and grinding and trying to hold it long enough to convice myself that the precautions I'd made were sufficient. I finally decided not to waste the opportunity and sprawled out on my tummy as if sleeping. At first I couldn't let go. My lady parts were throbbing tiredly and my bladder was so full it hurt, and id nearly decided to maybe put on a diaper and see because I needed to pee right freaking now. Then another aching contraction and I was literally gushing. Everything was getting drenched wile pee sprayed from me like a fire hose. It lasted so long I wondered if it would have gone through the mattress and dripped on the floor had I not used the plastic.

I admired my sopping mess, rinsed and wrung out the evidence in the tub then had some more 'me time' in the shower before cleaning up, packing, and checking out with my last pull-up hidden under my sweats. Then, laying the last puppy pad on my seat, decided that I wasnt going to hold it on my ride home, but I wasn't stopping either.

Huge fantasy that I got to play out this year! I was super scared for some of it, and some of it was a little curbed for courtesy reasons (I really would have liked to pee on the carpet, but that would be rude). But I certainly enjoyed it and hope to up my game (though I'm not sure how)

