A little walk in black jeans

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-05-04 14:01

The other day I had that strong urge for a jeans wetting, and my black jeans were ready for some laundry, so why not. I wasn´t desperate but had been chugging some water so I knew I would soon need to pee, and when I left my house and started walking I immediately felt that nice little twinge down there that I find hard to separate if it´s arousal or the bladder filling up, probably a little of both and the feelings work together and make it more intense.

I was walking up the narrow village streets for a bit before heading into the woods on a trail between a hill and a small lake. I walked until I came to a clearing where I had good sight in both directions. I stopped and wet for just a couple of seconds, enough to feel my underwear soaked, but nothing on the pants yet. Walked a little bit more, and decided to film the next one. Watched again that nobody was coming, and then I let go…. Enjoyed the warmth of the tight fabric as pee spread down my thighs, the sound of the drops that went through the jeans and fell down on my shoes and to the ground. The recording was just 6 seconds, but it´s some good 6 seconds I got there I think.

I kept walking and wet myself 3 times more, not everything at once, as I wanted it to last. But I was pretty soaked down my legs. I put the hoodie around my waist, and made sure nobody was approaching as I wet, but even if I would have time to stop it, if someone would have showed up while I walked there with glistening dripping jeans it would have been pretty obvious anyway what had happened, so I think the feeling of control I somehow had was not realistic.

To go back home I would need to walk 10 minutes on the streets after coming out of the woods, so I wanted to give myself time to dry up some. But first I needed a good place to completely empty my bladder. Crossing a sunny clear-cut I found a fallen tree next to the trail. I sat down on it with my legs spread forward, and just relaxed, let everything pour out, soak my bottom and then splashing down in the grass underneath. I was surprised of how much I had still in me.

Empty, relaxed and happy, I sat there for a while, before going home. I now had to face the consequences of what I had got carried away with. Ok, black jeans are more discrete than blue jeans, but it´s still visible, especially if they´re not brand new and have started to bleach. The hoodie covered only my butt and a little bit of the front, the patches down my legs were still obvious, if you know what to look for. It´s interesting how the idea of getting caught makes a public wetting hot, when I don´t actually want it to happen for real.

I came out of the woods in the outskirts of the village, right by the beautiful little house where they sell honey from a self service box. Some downhills from there the houses start crowding both sides of the street. A few cars passed me, but that didn´t make me very nervous since they go by so fast. I was more worried about having to stop and talk to someone I knew, knowing they would have a good view of the dark patches down my legs. I even tried to make plans for what I would say if my closest, most talkative neighbour, always out with her dogs, would see it and even ask me about it, but no good excuse came up in my mind…

I was lucky and met nobody. And had a very nice walk.

20210430_104109.mp4

$$

$$

*003*2021-05-04 21:49

{{3 hours ago, Wetsy said:

Black jeans are pretty good at camouflaging wetness..Most people would just think it's a shadow..

}}

At least that's what we try to convince ourselves, right?

I've got some other sportier black pants that perfectly hide it. But jeans is a better feeling.

{{3 hours ago, hubertheiser said:

Sounds like a most enjoyable walk

}}

It ceirtainly was! Outdoors season has started, i love it!

