Couples trip to the beach turns into domme session for her

Author: Altiat

*000*2021-12-27 05:27

This is based on a true story: (he wore swimming trunks)

It was a was a hot sunny day in the middle of summer. Anthony and Michaela were a sexy young couple closing in on their late 20’s. Anthony was an athletic, rock band type with long curly dark brown hair, biceps, and tattoos, that’s why Michaela loved him. He also had a piss kink and she loved making men squirm. Chastity and edging was more her thing but she also found omorashi oddly fascinating. Just another tool to make a man beg her for release. She certainly had no shortage of men willing to play the role. Her petite frame perfectly complimented her full assets.

The plan was to go to the state beach, about 90 minutes away. They would go to the store first, fill up the gas tank and head out. There were no plans for any extra curricular activities for that particular day. Their time at the beach was rather uneventful. Soaking up some sun and enjoying the atmosphere. They would have gone in the water but red tide took that option off the table. Well if someone was waiting to go into the ocean to pee, that was no longer an option...

Before leaving, they both went to the bathroom like responsible adults. Then Anthony saw a dells lemonade stand. His favorite. Naturally, he bought the X large, she got the small. They must have been thirsty because they both finished their drinks before even really getting on the highway. What else were they going to do while waiting for beach traffic to clear up anyways?

It was about 50 minutes into the ride when they both realize two things. One was that at the rate they were traveling, it was going to take close to 2 hours total to get home. Two was that they both needed to pee.

Michaela was the first to speak up and they decided to stop at the Wendys coming up. As they parked the car, they both unbuckled their seatbelts and Michaela looked at Anthony and said “what are you doing?” Not understanding where this was going initially he replied casually “Im going in to pee, I told you I need to go to.”

“No your not.” She said. That’s when it struck him. He was in for a ride. He had done some stuff with Michaela in the past and knew she could be tough but he didn’t know how far she would take something like this. He didn’t have time to argue, nor was he going to be inclined to had he not been so shocked; so he just sat back and waited for her instead.

“Phew, I needed that” she exclaimed triumphantly upon her return to the car. The next 20 minutes or so passed with Anthony making slight adjustments, fanning his knees now and then and having the occasional pained expression on his face. She looked at him ever so briefly with a gleam in her eye and then turned her attention back to the road, feigning disinterest. At this point, Anthony began to feel the full weight of all that lemonade on his bladder and began making calculations in his head. Less than an hour to go. More like close to an hour to go. Anthony started to worry. He wasn’t going to say anything though. About 15 minutes later his bladder was full. It felt like a fully inflated football. “I don’t think I can make it” he finally spoke up. She chuckled at this notion. “You’ll make it” she said nonchalantly. “Can I at least pee as soon as we get there?” he bargained. “We’ll see.”

The last 35 minutes of the ride saw Anthony become more and more frantic as he struggled not to piss himself. He was breathing heavy, alternating between squirming and squeezing. Michaela was satisfied. To her, this is just the show she wanted to see. She couldn’t imagine needing to go so badly that she would be dancing in her seat. It was rather comical. Surely, this guy can wait a while longer, he’s not going to pee on himself... she giggled to herself again at the idea.

Finally they made it to the house and Anthony started to hobble walk towards the door. Michaela took her sweat time “wait for me” she called out as he fiddled for the keys. Once inside Anthony was hoping from foot to foot and immediately began begging Michaela to “let him pee.”

“No not yet” she replied as she led him by the hand away from the bathroom and into the bedroom. As they moved closer to the bed, Anthony was just about to loose control. He fought off violent leak with all his strength. “Lay on your back” she instructed. He did so hesitantly and gingerly. Almost immediately he began to feel himself leaking.

Michaela looked at Anthony lustfully. The beads of sweat dampening his long, sexy hair. The panting and groans of desperation. She was getting wet.

“Ppleease, OMG, PLEASE let me pee! I can’t hold it!!” Anthony gasped

”If you keep whining, I’m going to handcuff you” Michaela replied.

Anthony knew that he wouldn’t last 5 minutes in bondage at this point. He doubted he could last 2.

“Fuuuuck! NO No No no no!!” he continued to protest.

Michaela grabbed the handcuffs and made sure to make a show of opening them slowly. She reached down to stroke his semi erect penis and noticed for the first time that he was wet. He must have leaked on himself, how weak. She giggled.

Straddling Anthony’s thighs she grabbed his right wrist and locked one cuff around it. Hearing the sound of the click sent shivers down Anthony’s spine. He was pretty much crying at this point. Michaela could not reach the bedpost so she had to scoot her bum forward. She was now straddling his hips with the full weight of her butt directly on his bladder. Anthony’s eyes shot wide open as he immediately felt the floodgates starting to release.

A loud hiss could be heard throughout the room as Anthony’s bladder deflated into his shorts. Michaela didn’t even realize exactly what she had done until she felt herself sitting in warm wetness pooling on his lap. She wrapped her arms around him tightly as he continued to soak them both for over a minute straight. “You can go to the bathroom now” she said giggling as she slowly un-straddled him.

