Desperation and wetting stories of a female friend

Author: Despboy15

*000*2021-01-01 09:10

So I was texting one of my female friends and she brought up that she is trying to drink more water. She claimed while that it was healthy, she needed to pee very frequently because of the amount she was drinking and her weak bladder. I was lucky enough to have her tell me about a few times she had to go and didn’t quite make it.

One night, she drank either two or three bottles of water before going to bed and did not use the bathroom before sleeping or in the middle of the night at all. She woke up and immediately had to use all her energy to hold herself. She tried to go down the stairs, but every step hurt her bladder, so it took her a few minutes to get down. When she finally made it down, she ran to the bathroom, already leaking in small spurts. To her horror, she found that the bathroom was occupied by her younger brother. She danced in place and banged on the door for 5 minutes, before she couldn’t hold it anymore and peed her leggings.

Her bladder must have been pretty weak, because she told me about another time where she went to the bathroom and drank a bottle of water after that and has to go badly after about an hour after she left to go to the mall. She was grabbing her crotch the entire car ride. Her mom went into the bathroom ahead of her. When she entered, her mom jump scared her just as a joke, but that made her lose control. She got teased by her family after that.

Her family is very religious and she is raised a strict catholic, so this next one happened in church. There was a group prayer going on or something and everyone was expected to stay silent. I don’t really know how church works because I’m not catholic, but I’m assuming it’s kind of frowned apon to leave in the middle of the service, because she had to go very badly, but didn’t want to excuse herself. Once she started feeling spurts, she asked her mom to go to the bathroom, but she refused. She spent the rest of the service squirming in her seat and jamming her hands in her crotch. After the service, she ran to the bathroom, which was in the basement of the church. The bathrooms were locked. She didn’t have time to go back upstairs and ask someone to unlock it. Just as she started leaking, she saw a janitors closet. She ran to it and lifted up her dress and finished in a janitor bucket.

The final one she told me about comes from her school. She goes to a catholic school, where she has to wear a uniform consisting of a white dress shirt, tie, vest, and blazer on top and either a skirt or pants for the bottom, long socks and dress shoes. And all students were required to wear a belt. They weren’t allowed to take off any part of their uniform for any reason, which meant that u couldn’t take off the blazer even on a 90 degree day. On one of those 90 degree days, the heat, the clothes, and the water she was drinking all made her need to pee very badly. It also wasn’t helping that the belt was pressing against her bladder and the teachers were refusing her every request. When she finally did get permission, she was already pretty much done for. She managed to get into a stall, but lost control as soon as she saw the toilet. She just say on the toilet with her pants on and finished. She managed to cover up the smell with some perfume in her backpack.

I hope you all enjoy these stories as much as I did!

