Too shy to pee

Author: Ally98

*000*2017-06-15 07:25

I've always found myself in desperate situations because I was too shy to voice my bladder's needs. I've been working hard to correct this problem of mine, and though I still can't get rid of that awkward feeling when I announce I have to pee, I've definitely found myself in desperate situations less frequently than in the past. Last week, however, my old problems came back.

I'm currently on an exchange programme in China (the southern part), where half of my family (my mother's side) resides. It was a good chance for me to catch up with my friends on this part of the world. It all started with my cousin's girlfriend, Ashley (I guess it's fine to use her name as long as I don't give her surname). Ashley and I are really good friends and we were planning on some sort of girl's day out having not seen each other for so long. We debated on a bunch of options, and finally, she suggested going rowing with her boyfriend (my cousin). I agreed.

The day was really hot and naturally I drank a lot of water. We went to the countrysides near the sea and rented a boat. My bladder was pulsing slightly when we stepped in but there were no toilets around that area, and I thought we could always decide when to go back to shore, so I could still go to the toilets whenever I wanted to. Part of me wished Ashley needed to pee too, so I wouldn't have to be the one to suggest a bathroom trip.

Jason, my cousin, took up the oars and started ploughing us through the waters further and further away from the shore. The distance we were gaining from the shore unsettled me a little, and I felt a slight urge in my bladder. Ashley kept drinking and she looked as calm as ever.

At last, we had reached a considerable distance from the shore and Jason took out some fishing line and bait. I looked to the shore and part of me wanted to tell them I needed to pee. But that would seem a little selfish seeing as Jason had only just brought us here. I squeezed my legs tightly together and resolved to tell them about 30 minutes later. I was confident I could hold it in for that long, and I was hoping Ashley would have to pee herself and suggest we go back to shore. And so I waited.

We chatted as we waited for our fish and we had a lovely conversation catching up and all. But I was partly distracted throughout by my ever increasing urge to pee. I was rubbing my legs together a little and I wondered whether any of them had to pee too. Thirty minutes passed and I felt like peeing really badly. None of the others seemed desperate to pee though. Jason had caught a fish and they were both very excited. They seemed anything but inclined to turn back to the shore. I didn't want to break their fun but I knew I had to soon if I were to avoid an accident.

After who-knows-how-long, I was reaching a truly desperate point. We were all facing different directions on the boat and I did something risky and stupid. I pulled down the zipper of my shorts and gave my pee hole a squeeze. This works every time and the relief was instant. But I couldn't keep holding myself like that in case the others noticed. My panties were still dry but my knees were jelly from the effort of holding my pee in.

To my demise, Jason offered to row further into the sea. Ashley agreed and I knew I had to tell them about my predicament. But when the words came to my mouth, I felt a great embarrassment and said a half-hearted 'yes'. I felt like crying when Jason took up the oars and started pushing us further away from the shore. Now that we weren't fishing, Ashley moved up next to me and started chirping away. I was so desperate I really couldn't talk much, and I could feel tears welling up in my eyelids. Ashley noticed of course and my legs were curled up into a tight knot. She whispered to my ear whether I was having my periods and I shook my head. I told her, almost crying, in my rusty Cantonese (she's from Hong Kong so she speaks Chinese) "好急尿啊！"(I really need to pee!)

Ashley immediately bounded to Jason and told him to turn back, after announcing to the world that I really need to pee. Jason calmly turned the boat back.

I could feel my bladder giving in to the huge mass of pee I was holding in. I bent down and cupped my hands on my vagina and the urge to pee lessened slightly. The shore seemed so far away. Ashley comforted me and kept saying "就到啦" (we're nearly there) but the rocking boat wasn't helping and tiny spurts of pee kept gushing out. I bent down and squeezed myself tightly to stop it, and my hands were red from gripping on my shorts. The whole situation would have been so less embarrassing if Ashley was the only one around, but I could feel my cheeks flaming knowing that Jason was watching.

At long last we reached the shore. We returned the boat and asked for directions to the toilet. It was really far away but at least we knew the way. I tried to act natural but the urge was too much and I was literally marching on spot holding myself. Several men were leering at me nearby and I felt like crying from the embarrassment. If only I had been less shy and peed earlier! I might have avoided all this.

We went to the directions of the toilets, half-walking, half-running. But it didn't seem right and no sign of a toilet appeared. I was starting to panic and I kept looking for spots near trees and bushes where I could squat down and pee in private. But there were occasional passers-by everywhere and it was impossible to find privacy. We eventually stopped at a crossroad completely lost. I crouched on the ground and started crying. Ashley asked me "忍得住嗎？" (can you hold it in) and I shook my head. I really thought I would pee myself then and there.

Then an old lady appeared and asked us whether we needed help. We told them we needed to find the toilets. She said she knew seeing how 'that young lady (me) is obviously really desperate" The old lady said she's sees people here everyday looking for the bathrooms and started telling me how holding my pee is bad for my body and before she could continue, Ashley cut her off and asked her for directions. She told us. It wasn't far from where we were.

The toilets appeared soon enough. It composed of two doors, with a cartoon of a guy peeing in the bush on the right door and a cartoon of a girl in a dress holding herself, apparently running, on the left door. Obviously that's how things are often done here, guys pee in the bush while girls come running desperate, like I am, to this toilet. There was a man sitting in front of the doors and I knew he was there to suck up money from desperate people needing to pee who can't refuse. I was so desperate I was holding myself while half bending down, and the man addressed me directly, asking for two dollars. It struck me I had no loose change, and I turned frantically to Ashley for help.

Ashley rummaged through her purse, which had a thousand compartments, and found only a dollar. This isn't the first time I've been denied to pee because I didn't have loose change and I hated myself for my habit of getting rid of loose change. I had no choice and started pleading the man to make an allowance. "我真的好急，好急" (I really need to go) I kept repeating this but the man seemed bored, like he's already seen thousands desperate people without loose change pleading him before me. He told me to go buy something from the store next to the toilets to get some change. But Ashley was already there and she ran to me with the change she'd just got. It would've been the end of it all but for a twist of luck for the worse.

I handed him the change and ran to the door with the cartoon of the desperate girl, and tried to open the door. It wouldn't budge. I kept twisting the door noob frantically until a rasp and very angry woman's voice told me to wait. I could feel my pee coming out and I kept knocking on the door, "求你快點，我忍不住啦" (please hurry, I can't hold it) but the woman inside ignored my pleas. I looked to Ashley and she pointed to the door on the right. It was the men's room and the guy guarding the toilet told me I wasn't allowed to use it. I had to wait for the woman to finish then but she was taking forever. I knocked several times and pleaded her to let me pee first, but she ignored me. It was too much, and I felt warm liquid passing through my fingers as I held myself. I was peeing uncontrollably. I peed for so long, I left a huge puddle on the floor. This is the first time I truly wet myself in public.

I wouldn't have known what to do if it weren't for Ashley. She took out a pair of new shorts she had just bought that day and lent them to me. My panties were wet so I had to discard them but luckily, I had tissues with me which I slipped into Ashley's shorts to prevent the zip from scratching me. Ashley was such a big help and I thank her deeply for it.

So that's what happened. It's been a while since I had been that desperate in public and the first time I ever peed myself in public. And thank you if you took the time to hear me out on my ramblings :)

*008*2017-06-15 23:41

{{14 hours ago, amberpee said:

I don't take any enjoyment from someone else's embarrassment, but thank you for sharing.

Did the man seated next to the doors or the woman from the bathroom see your accident?

}}

Thanks for saying that, you've always been so kind to me :)

But I guess luckily for me, the only people who saw were Ashley, Jason and the man in front of the bathroom doors. The woman in the bathroom eventually came out and she saw me in my wet shorts, but she didn't see me pee myself.

*009*2017-06-15 23:47

{{8 hours ago, Alice314 said:

Every time you feel shy to let people know you need to pee, just remind yourself how much more embarrassing it would be if you peed yourself.

Also I really love how you included the original conversations in Chinese ^^ how well can you speak it?

}}

That's what I do whenever I'm feeling shy to admit my needs, otherwise I would have had a few more stories to share here XD but it was a bit different this time, since there weren't toilets around and we were out in the sea.

Haha yea, I'm kind of little-miss-perfectionist when it comes to detailing experiences so I include the original words verbatim whenever I can. I can speak Cantonese and Mandarin fairly well but I read and write much better in Chinese.

*010*2017-06-15 23:49

{{14 hours ago, MasterBowler said:

Ally, you are seriously one of the best writers on this whole site. Every single one of your stories has been incredible!

}}

Haha thanks ^^ but I hope this will be my last post because I'm really trying to get rid of my shyness problem, which has led to most of the incidents I shared here XD

*011*2017-06-15 23:53

{{13 hours ago, FromRUSForum said:

That guy was a complete idiot.

Don't feel embarassed! ;)

}}

Yea, I know he's just doing his job but all he cared about was his 2 dollars, even when I was obviously dying to pee.

