A Long Walk Home

Author: Anathema

*000*2012-10-23 00:31

So I've been lurking a long time, and I figured I needed to give something back. None of my fiction ever gets finished, so have a story about the first and only time I accidently wet my pants.

It was back in high school, and like any sane person I avoided the school bathrooms unless I really needed them. They weren't gross, and I used them without hesitation when I needed to, but I prefered to wait until I got home.

I lived about 2 miles away from my school and because I lived so close, the town charged a fee for school bus service. My parents weren't eager to pay the fee, and I didn't want to be a high schooler who still rode the school bus. I sure as hell wasn't getting a car, so I walked to school through the sleet and snowdrifts 5 feet high, up-hill both ways, over broken glass and razor blades carrying 50 pounds of textbooks while butt naked!

Er. Sorry. I got a bit off track there. So I walked to school every day, and I had 2 ways I could do it. I could follow the streets, or take the shortcut. Taking the shortcut allowed me to walk almost straight home as the crow flys, but required cutting across the athletic fields, through some woods and a couple back yards. Taking the streets allowed me to walk along sidewalks the enitre way home, but required walking almost twice as far. As you can imagine, I used the shortcut unless there was a half a foot of snow on the ground or it was otherwise impassable

It was late in fall, all of the leaves had fallen from the trees and it was getting cold! I was done with classes for the day and like I had hundreds of times before, I walked past the boys room dispite my urge to pee. It was no big deal, I'd been doing it for years and never had so much as a leak. I walked outside and began walking home. My jacket had seen better days and when I went to zip it up I discoved the zipper would no longer work. It was going to be a long cold walk home.

As I climbed up the hill at the edge of the athletics fields, I was beginning to regret not peeing back in school. The cold weather was doing me no favors, making my bladder really begin to complain. There was no urgency yet though, and I certaintly didn't want to walk all the way back to school, so I pressed on, deciding I could pee in the woods I needed to treck through to reach my street. I had done so once in the past because I thought it would be fun, and the foliage obscured me from the surrounding houses.

As I reached the small path through the woods, The pressure in my bladder began to become more urgent then just pressure. The cold and my broken jacket were conspiring against me and I was freezing! I hurried down the path where I knew I could pee and not be seen.

Remember how I said It was late fall? When I got to my spot, I discovered with all the leaves fallen off the trees, my once private clearing was now visible to the windows of no less then 3 houses.

I could have gone there. I didn't know anyone who lived in the houses and I doubt anyone was even looking out the windows. Even if I was seen, at the very worst I'd only get yelled at. I grabbed my dick and looked around, spending a little bit of time getting my bladder back under control, and decided I still could make it home. I had never had a problem making it home in the past, and I was sure today would be no different.

When my house came into view, my bladder began to complain loudly again. I broke into a run, cutting through a couple neighbors yards to shorten the distance as much as possible.

By the time I got to my house, I was on the verge of wetting myself. I just needed to open the garage door and I could go inside and pee. To open the garage I had to enter a code on a keypad. Standing in front of the keypad, shivering and doing a pee dance, i grabbed myself with one hand and tried to enter the code with my free hand.

*1* *2* *3* *4* *5*

The garage didn't open as I punched in the code. My numb hands must have fumbled a key. I had to wait 30 seconds to try again.

I couldn't wait. The seal broke and I leaked badly, then simply lost all control and pissed myself completely. Heat flooded my pants and down my legs and I could think of only 2 things, It had felt REALLY good, and I wanted to do it again.

I did my own laundry then, so I cleaned up my mess and nobody was the wiser. If anyone saw the puddle, they never said anything about it.

- End -

Hope you enjoyed the story. It happened years ago so I'm sure I'm embelishing a bit here and there, but this is basically true, and was the incident that started me on the road to enjoying wetting my pants.

*002*2012-10-23 02:00

Thank you! I'm going to try and post a couple other experiences tonight. Hopefully they will be as interesting.

*004*2012-10-23 03:27

I'm pretty sure they were boxers

