A Lovely Stroll

Author: NiagraFalls

*000*2019-04-09 02:09

Holding holding holding be good be a grown-up don't don't you gotta stand in line? aauuuuhhhhh okayokayokay yes hi

Hm hm hm slowly shift from one leg to the other there we go

Thankssssssssssss get moving walk walk walk walk walk ok whew

I'm gonna be OK for the time being... whooh...whoow... deep breath

Ok one more no one's out here

CCCCHHHHHHH

SSSSSSSSSfFFFFffffff

MMMMGggggggMMmmmmnnnn

Now! now im great. can hold it for as long as I

OH JESUS CHRIST THEY'RE ALREADY CRANKING THE A/C ON FULL

HERE IN TEXAS?...!!!!

Ok hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry hurry 

Now for my Elvis impression (c'mon it's TOTALLY a pee-pee dance he does...!)

Ah hum

Ah ahum

Hum hummmmm hummm humm *bounce* eerrrnnnngg

Oh shit did I just make that sound out loud?

Shhhh!! you know you're a MOANER and a GASPER and a WAILER when you really get desperate... be quiet!

Oh ghod i could let out a MAJOR WHINE right now I have to ....ffffff.....I gotta go really

Oh good my turn at the self check-out

Bleep bleeep at least i don't have to talk to anyone

FFFFFFFCCCCHHHHHHAASSSSSSSSSSSSSS

OMFG seriously 9.8/10 i SO have to get out of here

Yes yes thank you for letting me give you my money

Don't pee walk

Don't pee walk

(these shorts i purposely picked for this "walk" are REAL tight on the bladder...I mean whoosh....)

Get me out of this lot and into the neighborhood across the interstate overpass 

And i swear i will stop holding cz i know that's what we're all here for

Hhmmm...well, I WAS heading over that way anyway, seeing as how you're suffering, I thought I'd indulge you sigh there sure are a lotta folks out walking their dogs here

Yeh sorry about that..but you know? you DID wear two pair of underpants, and those black nylon shorts ARE a tell-tale sign of a serial pants-wetter, so when would you like to start?

PERFECT PAUSE

As soon as we turn this corner,

I will drop all pretense and allow myself to edge, i'm full enough to play

*rubs hands together and then pushes on bladder* game on

You know when I really edge I walk on the balls of my feet and even though I'm 6'3", I walk even taller for those moments when i'm RREAALLYY edging...

GDI more normal people types..

You know what?

Fuck it-let them walk ahead of me-yeahhh-there you go...okay...mmmmggnnn i'll do it just let me-oh cool

They turned the corner FUCKING AAAAUUUCCCCHHHHNMMNNNNNNN

Ohhhhzzzzffffmnnnnggggg yeh mmmm huh? oh

That was pretty much the rest of what I was holding OMFG that felt so GOOOD

Now now now now uhhh uhh uhh uhh uhhh muh muh muh muh mooooore part 6

Ssssssssssffffffffppppppppssssss yessssss osh ooops i got some on my shoes

Whooops

My shorts are GLISTENING whenever the evening sun catches it... they're black but you can totally see how shiny the stain is.. and it's all over...

But nobody notices, so....

Oh hey- wanna do another one? here let me....

Ahhhhummmnnnnnnn yeahhh

There you go-

Look at that fuckin stain....

Obvs noone else can see it but look how shiney it is... oh whoops more people... hello...

JFC... know what? screw it

They're oblivousssss

Oh man that was a gallon and a half maybe

Bus stop LEAK

Red light LEAK

Crosswalk LEAK

Dead end street (on purpose) LEAK

(DM me for actual location I'll meet you)

Home? do i even want to go in? these shorts are clinging to me so wetly and I like the feeling of them

And my butt is wet

I really want to wet some skin-tight cords

Oh man

I'm wet

And I want to do it again

