Publicly pissing my pants, while on a long walk

Author: shywewe

*000*2016-06-29 04:53

I like walking long distances, and regularily walk the equivalent of a marathon. I know from doing research in the past, that when one is exercising that one has to keep well hydrated. I know that is especially important on a hot humid day, like I experienced when I did this walk. Most times that i go for a walk, I usually bring with a black pair of nylon pants to hide the evidence that i wet my pants. However, on this walk I figured that I would have some fun and be a little bit more of an exihibitionist. Also, I had on fairly light jeans so knew that they would dry fairly rapidly. Unfortunately, I do not have any video of my wetting experience, but took a few pictures while I was out walking and then the results when I returned home. On this particular day, I walked about 38km, and the temperature was 27C outside. To stay hydrated, I drank 2.7L of water, and 2.1L of pop.

I do not always wet myself when I go out for these walks, but when I do I really enjoy the feeling of just letting go when my bladder fills up. On days like this one, that can happen a lot especially near the near the end of the walk :)

Picture 1 is when I decided to piss right through my jeans. By this point the jeans were already wet from sweat anyways. 

Picture 2 is looking at the damage to my jeans when I go back outside. Luckily, I had on a long jersey to cover the accident.

Picture 3, I was sitting in a public park about half way through my walk pissing some more into the grass. By time I got home, I had had a number of pisses in my jeans, but due to the fairly light material of the jeans, they were almost dry. 

Picture 4, you can see that the back of my jeans were still a little damp. Gee, I wonder how many people that I passed realised that i was pissing my pants :) Picture 4, shows how wet my jeans were by time I made it home. One good thing about drinking lots of water, the urine is really diluted so I do not smell too bad, but still have bad body odour from the long sweaty walk. Picture 4, shows how wet the back of my jeans were. Since i had been drinking all day, I had to piss some more so sat on the floor and emptied my bladder again, and the results are shown in picture 8. Picture 9 shows the shy results after I had re-soaked my jeans. Hope you enjoy the photoset.

By the way, I always like when people show the back of their jeans so that I know what they were wearing when they pissed their pants. I love looking at all the pictures and videos that are posted to this site.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2016-07-03 22:57

I have the results of another wet walk to share with you guys.

Here in Canada, we just celebrated our National Holiday on July 1. I along with thousands of others went to our town center to enjoy the evening festivities, followed by fireworks. Since I like to walk, I parked near a shopping mall 8 km from the fireworks location. I spent the evening visiting the various venues where there was live music, and other celebrations going on. About an hour, before the fireworks, I went and found sat down in the grass and enjoy the fireworks. Since it was a warm night, I was drinking lots of soft drinks to keep hydrated.

I staid till well after the fireworks were done, to let the crowds somewhat disperse. By this time, there were line ups at all of the port-potties around. I was not worried, as I really did not have to go and figured that I would be somewhat we from the light rain. When the crowds thinned out, I started to walk back to my car. On the way back to the car, I did a tour of one of our bar streets to see what was going on. Unfortunately, due to the rain there were not many people celebrating Canada Day, although there were still a number of drunk people staggering around.

When I was approaching the end of party street, I realised that I had to pee. Since it was dark, and I had on somewhat dark pants, I figured I would relieve my bladder. Ah it felt good, and looking down did not feel the damage was too bad. Anyways, I proceeded to make the 5km trek back to the car. I had to wait at a number of traffic lights on the way back to the car, and took the oppurtunity to continue to relieve my bladder. Thank goodness the roads were wet, as a few times there were people standing near me as I left a puddle on the sidewalk. Again, not sure if anyone noticed I had wet myself, or if they did, they probably assumed I was drunk like the rest of the people running around at that time of night. By the way, I was completely sober while publically pissing my pants.

Anyways, when I got home I finally saw how wet I was. I was a little shocked and embarassed about how I looked. Mind you, it was also a turn on to walk around in piss soaked pants publically and nobody really caring one way or another. I am including two pictures of the aftermath of the nights escapades. One picture is the the front of my jeans, and the second picture is of the back.

Hope you enjoyed the story and pictures :)

$$

$$

*004*2016-07-21 04:09

I had another long walk today, but did not drink as much. Therefore, I never flooded my jeans until I got home. I took a couple of pictures of the result.

I really did not have to pee to bad while I was busy walking. It was not until I got back to the car that my bladder decided it was actually filling up. I managed to make it home without wetting my pants in the car. I did have plastic on the seats just in case :) Anyways, I had a small dribble when I got into the garage, and the result is the first picture. After I got the picture taken, I relaxed and had a piss in my pants. After I was finished, I took a picture of the front of my jeans and of the back. Hope you enjoy the pictures.

$$

$$

$$

*005*2016-08-18 04:36

I have been busy walking all summer, and on a number of occassions have pissed my pants. I love to wet my pants publicly while being outside. Most times I piss my pants in the inner city, where the street people regularly wet theirs as well. I sometimes look for a group of well intoxicated people, and stand there an piss my pants. Most times, I then put a black pair of nylon pants over my pissed pants, and continue to wet my pants as I walk. Actually, it is very useful to be able to wet ones pants, as I usually have to piss quite frequently. When I go for a long distance walk, I can consumer upwards of 5L of water in 5 hours, and all that water has to go someplace :)

Here are another couple sets of pictures from two more wet walks.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*008*2016-08-20 21:07

Thanks, glad you enjoy my stories and pictures. This takes care of the two things I enjoy both pissing my pants and long distance walks. Unfortunately summer is coming to a close and the wetting will as well ;(. Oh well, there may be a few damp crotches when I get home from walks in our long cold winter :)

