"Accident" while clearing snow

Author: Snowpants

*000*2019-02-02 17:18

It has been a cold but not a snowy winter where I live. My winter joy of wetting my snowbibs has not happened often. We did get a small snowstorm the other day and I leaped at the chance to get outside. The snow was only supposed to last a short time before it changed to rain so I had to move fast.

I slid on my nylon snowbibs and ski jacket and headed out with a very full bladder. It was great being outside listening to my nylon snowbibs swishing as I moved around clearing the snow. That sound always gets me excited. As I worked at clearing the snow my bladder kept reminding me how full it was. As I shoveled any large amount I kept squirting warm piss into my snowbibs. Slowly those squirts traveled from just my crotch down my legs. Needless to say it felt fantastic.

I did my best to keep holding on until I was done with my work. I did a fairly good job. I put away my shovel and went back out to check my work. My bladder was still calling for relief so as I walked around I just let go and completely soaked my snowbibs and down to my socks and boots.

Just as I stopped pissing I heard my neighbor call out to me. I quickly checked myself and went over to chat. We talked for about 10 minutes then I left to go inside. I took off my jacket first then bent over to take my boots off. That is when I realized with all the piss I had released, some had leaked out. I froze thinking maybe my neighbor saw my wetness. He said nothing so maybe I got season with it?

*002*2019-02-02 19:22

Thanks. Hope to hear similar experiences from others.

*005*2019-10-19 03:28

@wetsnowpants

So true. Wet snowpants both on the outside and inside are the best.

*007*2019-10-19 13:13

@Spectator9

What happens when the urge comes back, as it always does? Do you end up wetting your snowpants like some of us?

