Measuring Up - Last Night's Hold

Author: Cottontailz

*000*2012-09-29 23:59

Hiya everyone! I'm finally taking the time and effort to write up another experience of mine. This is probably way overdue.

Now where should I begin...?

Last night I held right up until I was about to burst before peeing into a container in order to measure how much my little bladder can hold. The origins of this idea for this hold came from my many friends of the IRC. The topic of bladder capacity was brought up and who could hold how much. Our good buddy Parallax suggested that I do a hold to measure how much my little bladder can hold. So that's exactly what I did.

I had classes only until 12 and was expecting to be home by at least 1, so Friday turned into the perfect day to do a hold. I even had time to stop and pick up some grey leggings for a later wetting I've been planning. I'm hoping my plans for that will turn into my first wetting with pictures. So ya'll might want to stick around for that! I was home for a couple of hours just getting things done, working on homework ect, before I finally decided to settle down and get around to a hold. First thing I peed around 16:00. I had prepared some juice, lots of water, and even some lemonade for my beverages.

I checked the IRC a bit and chatted with a few of the other members on there. Parallax decided to go for a hold as well. He gave in first to his need and measured as well. I'll let him tell you how much he was able to hold. *giggles* He's got a little baby bladder. I continued slowly sipping away at my variety of liquids. I tend to drink slowly and steadily so that I don't build up desperation too fast. If I chug a bunch at once, I'll get very desperate but it's harder for me to hold and I usually end up holding less than I really can. If I let myself get desperate at a nice slow pace it really allows for my bladder to slowly expand and make room for all that liquid. And of course I also wanted to be able to measure my best. I've never measured how much I can hold. My opinion has always been that I'm fairly average but I can hold longer than most people just because I like to.

Anyway, it took awhile for me to get desperate. I met a Mr. Starman in the IRC. He's pretty cool just so ya'll know. *teehee* He decided he was going to hold and measure as well. I think this is the most holding we've had done in the IRC in a loong time. Things eventually turned into a sort of competition between me and Starman. But of course, I wasn't going to let myself be beat by a boy. I can't remember the exact times, (time eludes me in a hold) but it was a few hours after I had begun drinking that I was really starting to feel it in my bladder. I was getting fairly uncomfortable by this point. I was definitely a 5 maybe even a 6 from 1-10. If I was going anywhere or going to do anything, I for sure would have peed.

It wasn't long before my body began to show those subtle signs of "I need to pee". I was crossing my legs almost involuntarily and began feeling slightly tense. I was definitely feeling a constant urge to pee. I'd probably be really nervous at this point if I was out in public. I'd for sure look for a bathroom or try and get home. Of course I kept on sipping away at all my water. I know that Starman was pretty desperate at this point too. I wasn't going to let him beat me in this measurement! I continued with the crossing and uncrossing of my legs.

I didn't have to put too much effort in my holding yet, but I felt really full. That of course changed. Soon I was constantly rocking back and forth. For awhile I stood up and moved around quite a bit, but I found I felt more comfortable squirming around in a sitting position. I tried to concentrate on what was going on in the IRC, but a lot of my focus was beginning to shift towards my nagging bladder. I seriously couldn't sit still, it was such torture. I guess the kind of torture I like!

By this time, since I was really feeling desperate I got my container ready. I picked out a pitcher with measurements for litres and quarts so that I'd be able to easily measure how much I had held. Starman asked me how I'd be able to measure since I was a girl, I don't think he realized that girls can pee into containers too! Silly boy.

I had run out of water, so I decided to venture out of my room and fill up my water bottle. This was quite a challenge because I didn't want to be doing a potty dance in front of anyone who was home. Fortunately my family was gone for awhile, so I had the privacy to hold myself. It was a good thing too, because I thought for sure I was going to lose it when I ran the tap water. Ohh it was so painful. I shoved one of my hands up my crotch to keep from leaking then I quickly ran back upstairs with my water. I chugged my water right away and quickly put my hand back into my crotch. I kept shifting positions, trying in vain to find something comfortable. Finally I decided to sit with one of my legs crossed under me with my foot pressed up into my peehole. This helped me to hold and gave me freedom of my hands to type to my IRC buddies.

Well chugging that water really did it in for me. I know that I was probably at a 9.5 at least. I was doing all I could just to keep from leaking. And I know that I didn't want to leak if I was going to measure. Ugh the pain in my bladder was killing me. I felt so full too, my abdomen was really distended from my bladder bulge and all that water built up inside of me. I looked like I could've been pregnant. XD My container was sitting on the floor just begging for me to empty my poor aching bladder in to it. But no, I wasn't going to give up. I would fight till the end. Which was probably only a few minutes later...I felt myself lose a few drops even with my hands shoved in my crotch. I was doing all I could to keep it in and it wasn't working. I positioned my container, pulled down my damp panties and peed into the container. The relief was pure bliss. Absolutely amazing.

Well I managed to pee just a little under 1.5 litres. I'd also like to mention that I beat Starman (hehe). Sorry, had to rub it in. I'm fairly small, though I'm not sure if bladder size corresponds with stature, so I was surprised that I could hold so much. But now we all know how much my poor tortured bladder can withstand before exploding.

I've also included a picture of my pee filled pitcher in this link if you'd like to take a look. http://imgur.com/ZVerk

*002*2012-09-30 00:04

{{: 

O.O that was amazing sweetie! I loved the whole story! Fantastic first experience, I can't wait to here more from you hun :) :wub: :wub: xxx

}}

Aww thanks so much Bea! Next time I want to hold with you!! <33

*012*2012-10-01 03:58

Thanks for all the feedback everyone!

{{: 

I feel bad I wasn't the first person, or nearly the first person to comment on this post :blush: . What a great first story though, Cotton! I actually read it last night, but on my phone, although I experienced it first-hand. As good as this posting is, first-hand was even sexier!

One thing though is I wish I could have seen Cotton filling up her water bottle! I maybe could have said, "is something wrong?". That'd be a little mean, but it still would be cute watching her turn scarlet! 

Unfortunately, *I* only held 750ml even though I was dying. This seems to be some kind of limit with me. That's not a baby-sized bladder? Is it? Well ok, maybe for this forum it is. :( . I think though in the regular population it'd be standard-size.....wouldn't it?! >_> Cotton can hold twice as much as I can, arghhhh. Maybe it's because Cotton has so much practice with holding since she is so shy about her peeing needs (which I think is very cute by the way).

I think it's sexy how bladder size seems to have no correlation with how big or small someone is physically. It's sexy that a petite girl can hold back sooo much pee! :wub:

}}

Aww Para you embarrass me. *blushes*

750 is about average. I did some research and I heard anywhere from 400-800ml is average. So many different opinions not sure what's correct. I guess I'm for sure a little over average. Ugh I'm not very fat either, so you can see my bladder sticking out super bad when I hold that much. I'm such a little fatty with a full bladder. lol

500ml might be average for a normal pee. Like the "oh I kinda have to pee" and then they measured 500ml. That's what I'm thinking at least. Not sure if I'm making sense.

*015*2012-10-01 23:14

{{ 

A LITTLE over average? Hunny, you held 1.5 LITRES! :p And I'm sure you're not a fatty either sweetie, even with a bladder bulge :)

And you do make sense when you say that - I doubt many people would hold to their limit anyway, for fear of embarrassment. For many on this forum on the other hand... ;)

}}

Teehee I gotta work on getting pictures up. Hopefully I will with my next experience. And I can just hold more because I like to!!

Yep I certainly fear embarrassing myself, but I enjoy holding nonetheless. We still need to have a holding date sometime. <3

{{ 

Excellent job. Cotton.

}}

Thanks Dr. Philthy!

*019*2012-10-02 21:07

{{ 

Bladder size definitely doesn't correspond to stature - and you're living proof. A liter and a half is huge.

Thanks for the amazing piece of writing, and especially the photo! We can all say we were bursting, or holding back a flood, but being able to put a number to it - and seeing the evidence - makes it so much more concrete.

}}

That or it's just because I like to hold so much!! lol And yeah I was really stoked to finally measure. (:

{{ 

I thought a liter was impressive - 1.5+ is amazing!

}}

Thanks! I was surprised myself.

{{ 

Ooooooh, Cotton's post has a new Popular Star on it!

}}

Teehee. I feel so loved <3

