Impromptu Park Panty Wetting!

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2017-09-19 08:04

Today was the end of my first week at my new job, and a couple of my volunteers and co-workers took me out for drinks after work this evening. I was wearing a long ankle length dress and pair of my favorite little mermaid panties (black fishy panties). Well after a couple of drinks (really good local craft beer, Vancouver has tonnes of this), I called the hubby and he came and joined us after his work and some complicated transit. The celebrating ended somewhat early, so that it was still light when we headed for the Skytrain home.

Now as some of you know, I’ve a bit of a reputation for being a slightly leaky and messy drunk. I wasn’t drunk at this point but I was feeling incredibly naughty so rather than head right home with my hubby, I took us on a detour when we got off the Skytrain and led us to a park near our place.

We hung out sitting on the grass for a while talking and laughing and then making out a little bit like horny teenagers. It was tones of fun. I love doing this sort of thing, as I really didn’t do it very much as a teen, but I need to be in the right mood. Well I definitely was in the right mood and getting more excited by the minute.

I was sitting with my dress underneath me, and at one point I shifted my legs so that it pooled around me, exposing my panty-covered bum to the cool grass. While kissing my hubby I guided his hand up my dress to touch me over my panties.

It felt very naughty being felt up in a public place, and my heart was pounding. My bladder was also filling. The ride home from the pub was not a short one, and I’m not known for my iron bladder. It was becoming noticeably full, something that was not by the position I was sitting in. Feeling the urge, combined with being incredible turned on as a result of the serious heavy petting I was experiencing and the beers, I decided I wanted to be extra naughty. Switching into little’s mode mid-kiss I broke off to whisper in my hubbies ear “Daddy, I have to pee.”

He stopped for a moment, his hand still rubbing the outside of my panties. “Right now? Can you hold it?” He inquired, playing along gamefully. I shook my head in an exaggerated shake. “You want me to…” But before he had a chance to reply, I grabbed his arm, pushing his hand firmly against the crotch of my panties, and shook my head.

His eyes grew wide. He’s not into wetting and kinky stuff all that much, but he knows how much it turns me on, he didn’t mind playing along, knowing it would drive me wild. It didn’t take more than an instant before I released, as I really did have to go, and I flooded my already slightly damp panties.

The feeling of warmth that spread quickly across the gusset of my panties, augmented by the pressure from his hand (which had stopped rubbing) was amazing. I could feel the grass around my inner thighs and bum getting wet and was suffused in a full body feeling of ‘naughtiness’ looking out around the public and well-occupied park as I soaked my panties.

I think if I had been doing this exact thing as a teenage I would have climaxed right there on the spot, but I’m no longer a horny teenager, I could certainly wait until I got home, but just barely.

After I had stopped, I reveled n the feeling of warm pee slowly cooling in my panties, and continued to look around the park at the various people, going about their day, oblivious to the enormity of the panty wetting going on under my dress.

After a little while, my hubby removed his soaked hand and wiped it on the grass. I grinned at him in a horny-stupid grin I’ve seen mostly guys make, and blurted out something like “Take me home Daddy, I had an accident.”

Now out of character he said “I’ll say you had.” And he helped me up.

As I stood, I was careful so that my dress didn’t get into too much contact with my soaked panties. I could also feel the now cool pee running down the insides of my legs, like tantalizing chilly tongues, licking my inner thighs, sending tingling shivers all over my body. I wobble a little at first but then we were on our way.

Our place is about 5 blocks from the park, and about a block along I asked my hubby if he could see a wet spot, while feeling my bum. He informed me that he could not, and I was satisfied that the thickness of the dress and downward dripping motion of the pee, meant that no one could see I had peed my panties.

I loved the rubbing feeling of the wet edges of my panty gussets on my inner thigh, and I could feel my pulse throbbing in my sex. My heart was pounding, and my entire body was screaming for sex.

The elevator ride up to our flat was almost tortuous, if I hadn’t been holding my hubbies hand. He tried at some more role play, and blurted out something about little girls who wet their panties needing to be punished, but I stopped him, moving out of the age-play dynamic which sometimes he has difficulty getting into, I whispered in his ear in a distinctly un-little voice. “I need you to fuck me, and hard.”

I could tell that this took all the pressure off him. I rubbed up against him like a scent marking cat and groped the front of his trousers. He was pretty hard when we exited the elevator and headed for our flat. I’m glad we didn’t run into any of our neighbours at this time.

Once inside, we both shed our clothes with gusto. My shoes were off and in a single fluid motion I had my dress up over my head so that I was standing in the front hallway in nothing by a bra and wet panties. Still mostly dressed my hubby guided me into our room, and undid my bra. When we went to remove my wet panties I stopped him and told him I wanted them on, and that I wanted it rough.

He was naked before I knew it, and I was on my hands and knees on the bed, exposing my wet-panty covered bum to him. He reached for the wet gusset, and pulling it aside, entered me, roughly.

I don’t usually share these last details in my story, but I couldn’t resist sharing this part today. The feeling of being fucked (this was no love-making), while still wearing the panties that I had wet in public a short while ago drove me wild. Every thrust shifted the fabric of my wet panties against me let, and reminded me of my ‘accident.’ It did not take either of us to climax and it was certainly a most satisfying one. As I came, I could feel myself leaking considerably, and I added even more fluid into the soaking panties.

$$

$$

I was all manic and energized from the park activity and couldn’t lay still for the post-sex cuddle. I also had to pee again, that very pressing after-sex pee that has to happen now. Well I grabbed my husband’s phone and stood up, I was dripping cum into my panties as I did so. I found a well lit place in our room, and shot some video of me soaking my panties even more. I couldn’t stop dripping cum, and pee, and all manner of other sexy fluids into my panties.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

I stood there and enjoyed the rushing feeling, the unstoppable dripping feeling. Filling my panties. I took two videos (well more than that), but I had to do some amateur editing to cut out my girl parts, which were clearly visible at different times. I think I must have leaked into my panties for a good 4 minutes. And afterwards I had to put on a Goodnite, as I was dripping all evening!

Soaking Panties 1.mp4

Soaking Panties 2.mp4

Well, I wanted to share this story with you all, I hope you enjoyed it. It was certainly tonnes of fun for me! You can’t quite make out just how wet my panties were because of their colour, but they were certainly soaked. The shot of the gusset provides an example of just how wet they got.

In case anyone is interested, the panties in question, dried after being soaked thoroughly twice, are for sale, in case anyone wants them! Let me know and get in touch or visit my site:

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

Rach

P.S. Now that my panties have dried, I can tell you that they smell divine, the perfect after-sex and panty-wetting accident smell!

*006*2017-09-19 15:24

Thanks folks, I hope you noticed the videos in there as well ;)

*014*2017-09-20 23:14

Thanks for the kind words everyone, I'm glad people liked my post :)

{{10 hours ago, DB456 said:

Totally didn't know you were also from Vancouver. Nice to see how far this website reaches.

}}

Yeah I've been out here for almost a whole year now :) I love it!

And well, if anyone is interested in my panties, they have yet to be laundered :)

*018*2017-09-27 18:08

Thanks for the kind words everyone, I'm going to share another few experiences soon, I've been working evening shifts so I've had my mornings free to fool around with pee fun!

*021*2017-10-10 19:07

{{On 9/27/2017 at 11:51 AM, BlueWetter said:

Yay! I am really looking forward to it..

}}

{{On 9/30/2017 at 10:15 AM, Sentinelchicken said:

Damn you're husband is a lucky man. :)

}}

Thanks guys :) I think I need to do something special for my 7000th post, which has already passed :)

