First wetting at university

Author: omobecca

*000*2018-01-19 23:48

My first two stories were from when I was younger, so I thought I'd share a more recent experience from September last year when I moved to university.

I was so nervous.

It was my first time, sort of ever, away from home and my parents. I was excited during the build up to moving away but once I got there suddenly, despite being in halls with other people, I felt so alone. Things are cool now as I've met people and made friends on my course but the first couple of weeks were so difficult as it was hard for me to branch out and talk to people.

My halls are laid out in corridors with a kitchen in the middle of each. Ether side of the kitchen there's about 5 rooms each but some differ and a two communal bathrooms, both on the same side of the kitchen, so some people have to go through the kitchen to use them. However, some rooms have en-suites; like mine. Yay.

We have single rooms and all our doors lock so there's complete privacy. We all pay separate amounts for our rooms based on sizes and en-suites.

Anyway, my first night there seemed so long. There were chatters as people on my corridor walked past. There were thuds of footsteps. Doors slamming far away. Random episodes of laughter. Sudden faster and louder thuds of someone running down the corridor. Even smaller sounds such as the squeak of pipes behind the walls, creaky floorboards, or even the radiator rumbling on the other side of the room. Everything was so new and daunting. I was not comfortable for the first night and this carried on for at least the first week. 

I knew very quickly I needed to make this room my own and to make myself feel more comfortable. Almost straight away I had ideas in mind, knowing I could lock my door and be completely isolated. Of course more wetting was possible and now much more easier as i wouldn't have to hide from anyone like when at home. But I also knew I couldn't do it straight away. I needed to get used to the room, the routine of people in my corridor, and was I actually 100% secure behind that locked door?

I prepared myself though. I missed home more than I can explain, and still do, and felt too guilty every time I thought about wetting clothes from home; even though I had wet some of them before. Soooo I went out and bought myself some new clothes. All cheapish stuff of course. I got a few pairs of leggings, shorts, jogging bottoms, jeans and the such. Hooray for student loans. I spent no more than £30-£40 though so not too much of a dent. Also at the time all I wanted was to feel more comfortable in my room so it all seemed justifiable. I still use them too so whatever.

Now the most daring purchase? I wanted to get myself a waterproof mattress protector. At home I never had the proper opportunity to fully wet my bed. I'd wet slightly but never fully. There's no way I'd ever be able to explain that to my parents. But now I had the opportunity. I also couldn't deal with the concept of ruining the uni's mattress and having it changed or the staff find out what I'd done, purposefully or accidentally.

I went to the nearest biggest superstore and found the mattress protectors. My heart was thumping like mad. I kept pacing up and down the same aisle pretending I as browsing. I'd already found what I wanted but couldn't bring myself to pick them up. I kept bringing my phone out to pretend I was in conversation. I remember snapping one up and hiding it in my basket under some food. There was probably no one watching me but I felt so vulnerable at that moment. Self checkouts are a godsend.

Back in my room, after a few days of on and off shopping sprees to cater for my wetting desires, I laid out everything I had on my bed. I remember at this moment feeling the most excited I had been since before arriving. First thing I did was put the mattress protector on and a new sheet I'd got myself. Again, I felt way too guilty wetting on the stuff my parents had provided. The next couple of days were free reign. The course still didn't start for a few weeks and I still didn't really know anyone. I knew I was almost cool to keep myself locked away for a while and have no one notice or even care.

To make my case even better, I'd managed to convince my parents to get me a mini fridge for my room, so that was full with cans of drink. My first wetting at uni was going to take place that evening. I put on a new pair of underwear. I'm not the biggest fan on wetting these skimpy things with little to no material. I like to feel the wetness. I like the material to cling to me. I had bought a few packs of cheap full bikini style underwear, each with a cute pattern or nice contrasting colours.

My first pair to wear was a striped pair of underwear. They were a very dark, navy blue and white with a cute bow at the front on the elastic. I wanted to see how a wet patch would contrast with the white and the blue and how much would it show up, or not. I then put on a pair of jogging bottoms I bought. They were a light grey pair and actually quite comfy; nice and fleecy on the inside. They also weren't too baggy and were a nice snug fit. I wanted to throw on some more layers but thought I wouldn't normally put on too many layers and didn't want to produce too much washing in one go.

I wanted to wet as naturally as possible and not have to force it or think too much about it. I decided, since it was protected, to spend the rest of the day lying in bed watching stuff on my laptop. For a while I forgot I had my mattress protected and was wearing clothes to wet in. I was watching Brooklyn Nine Nine on Netflix and enjoying the time to myself. I went through a few bottles of squash I had made up and a few cans of coke. It was around 6-7pm when I started to feel a bit desperate. I was squirming under the covers and pressing my legs together. Again, I'd forgotten what situation I had put myself in as I had been laying there for a few hours. As I normally would, I relaxed and let some spurt into my underwear then I started holding again. I would do this even at home.

I immediately put a hand down there to rub over the wet patch and felt the new fleece lining as I went. At the same time I felt the fleece and reached the wet patch I remembered these clothes were new. It all came back to me. I could just let go. Suddenly I wasn't paying attention to the show anymore and I sort of zoned out as I kept rubbing my finger over the wet patch. I let some more go. I felt the warm pee run around my fingers on the wet patch and the dampness grow. I stopped it again. I started feeling nervous that someone would find me like this. I jumped up and checked my door. It as still locked. My blinds were closed. I scrambled to the bed and felt the area the mattress cover protected. I had already prepared myself. I was working myself up.

I got comfortable under the cover again and pushed down on my bladder a bit. I felt even more desperate very quickly. This was a new situation I found myself in as I'd not wet a bed before. It felt all sorts of wrong and weird and taboo. I covered myself up again and tried to pay attention to my laptop. It didn't feel right. I was fumbling around. I put my laptop on the floor and stood up on the floor. I inspected the jogging bottoms and there was no wet mark. I hadn't let much go at all. I turned the light off and used my phone light to get back to my bed. I got under the covers again and pretended to go to sleep. I tried to hold it for as long as possible. 

I laid on my left hand side and curled up in to a semi-fetal position. My left leg was curled up and my right was extended down the bed a bit. I kept my eyes closed and continued holding. I kept tensing. Clench. Relax. Clench. Relax. I relaxed completely and let some more flow out. I counted down from three... two... one. Whatever left me was free reign and some did. I put my hand between my legs and felt the thick jogging bottoms dampen around my crotch and down my left thigh somewhat. I pulled the cover over me some more and took a deep breath. I clenched a few more times then relaxed for good.

At first I halted the stream as it came to release a few times. Then let nature do its thing. It felt to good.

The stream got a bit more intense as I felt the wet patch flow down my leg, down my butt, absorb in the material of my jogging bottoms, and pool then absorb into the mattress protector underneath me. In the silence of the moment I could faintly hear the flow form under the covers. I wanted to move but was frozen in the same position as the full day's worth torrent of pee flooded where I laid. Literally like a dam bursting. I clenched my thighs as the stream calmed down and felt the saturated material let loose some of the absorbed pee and it run down my legs again along with the fresh pee. I couldn't resist any longer. 

As the stream lessened, but continued, I shoved a hand down there and felt the outside of the underwear as they continued to get soaked. I gently touched round the area and almost instantly my wet thighs had a spasm and felt warmer, like your ears going red hot. Despite already feeling horny as fuuuuuuuck with the wetting, my touch brought me over the edge and I arched my back, pushing my ass into the wet protector, as my crotch, waist and hips all twitched in unison with each other. I felt a rush of pins and needles flow through my legs and almost disappear at my toes as the pee finished. The wave of pleasure filled my body and I felt light headed. The pee was warm but nearly my whole body was relaxed and hotter, like laying in a freshly made bath. What was a feeling of a bursting dam earlier was like a tsunami rush sensation now. Even though the pee had finished, it was something else now wetting my underwear.

As I calmed down I couldn't find the energy to do anything for a while. I stayed slowly shifting my hips forwards and backwards against the damp sheet and protector. When I came to, so to speak, I finally turned the light on to inspect 'the damage'. Nearly my whole left leg was a much darker grey and some of the inner right. The navy blue sheet I had bought myself had a large wet patch on it. The mattress protector had done its job. Underneath, well, my underwear were soaked. Turns out the wet patch as evident on the white and blue stripes, as the white went a see through, grey colour. But I suppose it wouldn't be too obvious if you weren't looked for wet patches. Unfortunately, my duvet had sustained minor dampness but nothing I didn't mind.

I needed a drink though. Some water. not to make myself full again, but self pleasuring is thirsty work. Just saying. I stayed in my wet clothes to get my drink. The sense of freedom in my locked room was, and still is, indescribable. Naturally I felt i should change and clean up. But I didn't need to! I was feeling ecstatic. Being able to wet and stay int he wet clothes felt so hot. I got back into bed, having changed nothing, and carried on trying to get comfortable and watch Netflix.

It didn't take long for me to this time push some pee out. There was still a bit there. I was laying on my back with both my legs up, resting my laptop sort of on my belly and my legs. The pee came out and leaked down my butt.

I kept myself fully hydrated that evening so not to make my room smell too much. I left the window open to air the room, but as an excuse to stay warm and comfortable in my bed. I stayed in those wet clothes that night. And slept in them. I wasn't sure where to draw the line with when to change or clean up. The next morning however, after wetting before I slept and as I woke up, I did do a full clean up and realised maybe the mattress protector couldn't prevent damage after about 3 or 4 wettings. But you live and learn.

I left the jogging bottoms on the floor of my en suite to air dry and played with my wet underwear, whilst wearing them, when in the shower. It did take me a while to realise I had to wash peed in clothes properly and not just hand washed in a sink or shower if I wanted them properly clean. But I was always able to hide wet clothes with non wet ones when I used the communal washing machine in the kitchen.

So that's my first wetting I did at uni back in September. Obviously I've done a lot more since then and I've done them all unnoticed so far. I hope you enjoy.

Becca x

*002*2018-01-20 00:26

I use the brand of the shop I go to. Mainly for price. But for £5 there's 10 per pack and sometimes I'll double them up if I'm planning a lazy night.

And thank you for the nice comments :3

*008*2018-01-20 13:03

{{9 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Ah nice, I'd recommend something more permanent on the bottom, like a plastic mattress cover (vinyl or whatever seems robust) and have this under your sheets, and then put the bed pad overtop, just in case. My college actually put a mattress cover on for me when I mentioned my bladder issues to them, but I eventually replaced it with a better one, as theirs was cheap plastic which was noisy and sticky at night.

You still using this approach?

}}

I never told my university anything out of pure fear I suppose. I also never thought about a plastic cover really, but given I have spent a few days so far sitting and scrubbing the mattress in places (never too much damage just leaks) I might actually look into getting one, thank you :)

But also I didn't plan any of this before I left home, I've just gone with what I wanted to do at the time. Although, I don't go in the bed much more because of this issue, but if there's a way around it I'll look into it.

*012*2018-01-20 23:28

{{9 minutes ago, rachelkirwan said:

It was horrifying telling my college, college nurse and I assume other college admins, but I didn't have much of a choice. But yeah, keep it private.

}}

I can't imagine how it must have felt. My heart starts pounding when I think of the possible scenarios if I were to tell someone. I think part of the enjoyment is the fact it's a private thing. It's yours. You enjoy it and no one can/or should be able to stop that.

