Experiences with girlfriends: Samantha

Author: Linxsquat

*000*2020-02-25 00:46

Let me preface this by saying all of my accounts are 100% true (names changed of course). These are all my experiences with various girlfriends throughout my adult life that I think may interest some of you. I’ve been a lurker for a couple years and finally decided to post some accounts.

Samantha is one of my ex girlfriends from college whom I dated for approx 1 year. She is about 5’8, bleach blonde hair with D cup boobs and an athletic figure. She’s on the fairer side with skin tone, but as an athlete she got plenty of sun. She comes from Australia so her accent is pretty cool and she’s one of those girls that could hang drinking wise and could get along with men and women alike in social situations. She’s the type of girl who is very vocal and outgoing about everything, so you never have to guess what she’s thinking.

Early on in our relationship she may have inadvertently seen some omo related logo on the internet screen on my laptop. I had forgotten to delete my internet history, and even though it was a small logo amidst many other safe-for-work recently visited websites, I had a suspicion that she may have caught a glimpse before I could change my screen to a paper I was working on.

ANYWAY, not long after, she started making random comments while we were out and about how she had to wee but “I’ll be alright because I’ve got a big bladder” with a flirtatious smile. These weren’t super often or anything but enough to pique my interest.

Another time her and a friend had walked across campus to my apartment and when they got inside, Samantha said, “Oh my god I seriously thought I was going to wee my pants”, with a matter of fact but slightly ditzy blonde tone. Her friend simply agreed and I assumed they had used the bathroom in the gym next to my place.

These random admissions about pee made me think that Samantha possibly knew about my fetish but it could have also just been the way she acted and talked to people. I may never find out.

One night about 4 months into our relationship, we and several friends attended an off campus house party. The night started like usual with us pregaming at a friends house before heading out for the night. We were there maybe 45 min to an hour. During that time, Samantha was sipping vodka sodas and went to wee before we left for the party house. It was a house that some football players owned but various fraternities/sororities were there so it was a packed house. We caught a ride with a DD and headed over . Sam and I played beer pong in the garage and hit a hot streak where we were beating everyone. It was like 8 games in a row so plenty of beer was being consumed. About 45 min in, Sam says she needs to pee but will be right back. As she opens the door to the inside of the house, it was slammed with people so she had a little struggle weaving through. Her and a friend went and were back within 5 min.

“This place is a madhouse! Couldn’t find a toilet”, she huffs.

”Damn that sucks, you gonna be alright?” I ask

”Yeah-yeah I’m fine, I can hold my wee for a long time”

With this, we continued playing beer pong and chatting to people. Sam was wearing black shiny leggings (the sort of material that looks like leather but isn’t exactly if that makes sense, a matching blank croptop, and black 2 or 3 inch heels.

I can tell she’s still having a good time, but start to notice her moving around a little more, particularly her hips and knees. She was still casually talking to people and had a smile and vivacious demeanor on her face, but certain body language cues showed that she may have been nursing a filling bladder. A few minutes later, commotion from inside spills out into the garage and the 4 dudes that live in the house say everyone has to leave. Apparently a neighbor called the cops and someone in the party got tipped off ahead of time. This meant that everyone had approximately 2 min to get away from the property and go elsewhere before police arrived.

As people were flooding out, Sam had a slightly grimaced and worried looks on her face and told me she was going to try again to use the toilet. This proved impossible since A) the huge amount of people leaving through the door caused a blockage to entry, and B) the owners of the house were not in the mood to let anyone inside.

Sam runs up to one of them and pleads to use their bathroom, but he refuses and says we’ve got to go. Now I am not the kind of guy to push this fetish on anyone, and am always as helpful I can be to any girl I’m with who is in this type of situation. I told her that we should walk the 10 min to the bus station and catch what would be a 5 min ride to my place.

Both of our phones were dead so calling a cab was not an option, so I led her into the street and toward the station. As I’m holding her hand, she is bent forward at the waist and with one hand gripping her upper-inner leg area. She keeps looking around as we’re walking down this residential street, with a look of worry, sheer panic, and discomfort. No more than one minute into our walk, she pulls me into someone’s dark front yard, softly squeals, and in one motion rips her leggings and white lace thong down and releases a torrent of pee.

She was in a half squat, half standing stance and her pee is a thick straight stream into the grass. The amount of pressure was significant, and lasted for about 45 seconds. Her face was scrunched up and flushed from the effort to hold this lake inside of her. She was literally on the verge of exploding in her leggings and I’m pretty sure she may have started peeing before completely exposing her pussy. She pulled them up quickly and we quickly walked back into the street.

This experience stands out to me because I was somewhat convinced that she knew something about my fetish, made an attempt to grab my attention by talking about her big bladder, then becoming absolutely bursting at a party and realizing she had limits. I know for a fact that she wasn’t holding on purpose, that this was completely incidental and almost humiliating. I think that her previously bragging about her bladder showed that she was confident with her holding abilities and she thought she could still control her beer filled bladder. The fact that she was only 18 at the time and probably wasn’t used to drinking so much beer (she preferred liquor), in such a small amount of time definitely contributed to her getting so desperate in the first place. She played it off well after wards but wanted to get home so we did.

Let me know how you all think I did for my first posted experience, and feel free to relay a tale also!

*002*2020-02-25 17:03

@Thegame123 will be posting more soon, thanks!

*004*2020-02-25 19:35

{{18 minutes ago, spike said:

Wow man great story! shame she didnt wet herself but maybe you have a story who finish like that

Cannot wait for me stories

I wish I could contribute but never got so lucky like you.

Wow man great story! shame she didnt wet herself but maybe you have a story who finish like that

Cannot wait for me stories

I wish I could contribute but never got so lucky like you.

}}

Thanks! Im definitely lucky to have dated many lovely women and experienced a fair share of incidents with them haha. Feels great to finally put them into writing since I enjoy reading many stories from others on this site

*006*2020-02-25 23:07

{{17 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

I love hearing stories like this. The stories that I have from my girlfriends are some of the stories that I’m the most fond of. I’ll likely be posting another one soon, since you’ve gone ahead inspired me again! Thank you for sharing @Linxsquat

}}

Thanks man! I wholeheartedly agree, spending so much time with a person will lend itself to some interesting scenarios lol. Big fan of your writing btw, keep it up!

*007*2020-02-26 02:18

{{3 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

I love hearing stories like this. The stories that I have from my girlfriends are some of the stories that I’m the most fond of. I’ll likely be posting another one soon, since you’ve gone ahead inspired me again! Thank you for sharing @Linxsquat

}}

Thanks man! I wholeheartedly agree, spending so much time with a person will lend itself to some interesting scenarios lol. Big fan of your writing btw, keep it up!

*009*2020-02-26 03:38

{{30 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

Thank you man :’) that means a lot to me!! Out of curiosity, did any of your girlfriends actually definitively know that you had this fetish??

}}

Tbh I’m not sure. I have never told any of them but I’m the kind of guy who will reference peeing in a casual way from time to time when appropriate (similar to how a non-omo person would discuss it, nothing too much that would give my secret away) and all the girls I’ve ever dated have reciprocated in terms of their comfort with discussing peeing or other private topics (ex: my current gf and I like to go swimming in the ocean and she will always say when she’s peeing or about to pee as a playful warning to stay a few feet away from her lol). Some of them might have noticed because they would start to reference peeing from time to time or not be shy about announcing needing to go. My paranoid self would think that they were trying to get a rise out of me and that my secret was out but it could also be explained as an overall comfort with spending so much time with a person

