Baseball Game Accident

Author: Ripandbustys

*000*2022-06-07 02:37

It had been a while since Busty had been out on a date, the pandemic, work and general business of life had been taking over and she was bursting with excitement just to be out again. The weather was nice and balmy and she had a long few hours at the baseball ahead of her so she dressed accordingly in her favorite blue dress, black heels and pink panties.

This was to be her fourth date with Rip. They’d met in a bar one night while Busty was on a girls night out. She was so busy with work however, that she’d not seen as much of Rip as she’d have liked, but the two had exchanged text messages regularly since. In the recent weeks, the texts had become more and more flirty and she was both nervous and excited to see where today led. So much so that she pulled out a slightly larger handbag than she’d normally use and packed in a change of clothes on the odd chance she’d find herself back at Rip’s for the night.

With that and a rush of butterflies, she headed out the door to meet her Uber.

She met Rip outside Globe Life Stadium and they exchanged somewhat awkward greetings. Busty knew then that what she really needed right now was a drink to ease her nerves.

They made their way into the stadium, grabbed their tickets and headed straight for the drinks counter.

“What are you having?” Rip asked.

“I’m easy, whatever you’re having?” she replied.

Rip chose a local IPA and got them two each.

“Read my mind,” Busty laughed.

They grabbed their drinks and made their way to their seats behind left field.

Despite the amazing and balmy afternoon weather, the stadium wasn’t that crowded. They chatted and sipped on their beers and as they did the conversation flowed more and more freely. By the time the Rangers took the mound for the first pitch, Busty’s nerves had disappeared and she was already starting to feel the buzz of that first IPA.

By the end of the first innings, the second drink was gone and Busty began to feel an aching in her bladder and began to sway her legs from side to side.

“Want another couple?” she asked Rip.

He offered to go with her to the bar.

“That’s ok, I have to go to the ladies anyway,” she quipped.

“Already? He joked. “Surely you can hold it longer than that,” he added.

“Strategy,” she laughed back. “The line up will be huge later.”

Busty her made her way up the stairs and into the hub of the stadium following the signs to the bathrooms. She sighed as she spotted the line for the ladies. It was already five or six deep so she took her place at the end of the queue. Rocking back and forth on her heels she pondered the night ahead as she tried to keep her mind off her growing desperation. Before she knew it, a stall was free and at that moment she realized how desperate she actually was and frantically pulled her panties down while simultaneously letting go a powerful stream into the small toilet bowl.

After freshening up at the basin, she made her way out and past the growing line of women, now around 10 deep who were waiting and rocking back and forth, and she became a little worried about her next trip to the bathroom.

At the bar she repeated the same order, four IPA’s and then made her way back to their seats with tray in hand.

“So you made it ok then?” Rip asked jokingly.

“Only just, that line is already crazy, I probably shouldn’t even drink these, it’s only going to get worse,” she laughed as she sat back down.

She caught Rip’s eyes admiring her toned and summery-tanned legs and she felt a smile split across her face as he did.

“You can’t watch the Rangers without a beer in your hand,” he joked. “I actually think there is a law against it,” he added.

“Well there’s probably also a law against peeing in the outfield too, so they might have to pick which one I go to jail for,” she joked back. As she did, a pang of nerves hit her.

“Pee jokes on a date?” good one Busty, he’ll LOVE that... She thought to herself sarcastically.

Before she could think of anything to say to change the subject, Rip quipped back.

“There’s no one out here, you’ve got a better shot if you just drink the beer and pee out here. That’s my professional opinion anyway.”

They laughed and Busty felt the pang go away. He had a similar sense of humor and she settled in with her drink.

She sipped slower this time, cautious of her need to go to the bathroom. It wasn’t long until she could feel pressure again after the first two beers and she didn’t want to spend this whole date in the bathroom.

Rip had already finished his third and was half way through his fourth when he said, “you better catch up or those will go warm.”

She smiled and took a few large gulps. She felt happy, relaxed in her buzz and didn’t want to let the bathroom situation ruin the afternoon. She caught up quickly and the pressure mounted. Before she knew it, she was swaying again.

“Another couple?” Rip asked.

“I can get them, I, ah… have to go again,” she replied.

They decided to head out together and they both headed to the bathrooms. In the time it took for Rip to go, Busty had only moved up a couple of places in the line. He grabbed their drinks and she was still waiting in the line, trying to play it cool like she wasn’t on the verge of peeing herself right then and there.

“See, I told you, you should have taken advantage of the outfield, no one around. You wouldn't have to put yourself through this,” Rip said.

“I’m sure that would work out great, scare off my date and never see him again,” she quipped back.

“No way,” he responded. “It’s, uhmm actually kinda hot.”

Rip’s face went a little red just as he tried to laugh the comment off as a joke.

She smiled reassuringly at him and said “good to know,” touching his arm flirtingly as she did.

Busty made it to the front of the queue and again stormed into the stall tugging roughly at her pink panties and only just getting them down before her bladder decided it could hold no more and released a powerful stream.


$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/10917-baseball-game-accident/?do=embed"

