In a bus drunk

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-06-09 18:39

Yesterday I was at a friends house getting as drunk as i possibly could. Well after we were all done I tried to sober myself up by drinking tons of water I must have killed 2 liters. i was felling better but My friend who drove me to his house was passed out some ware and I wanted to go home. I just decided to take the buss home since it was a straight shot to my house. Before I left I drunk another bottle of water and went to the bathroom. It was late at night and I was sitting out in the cold waiting for the last bus of the night to come. I was starting to feel a little better but my bladder was starting to fill up. Once I got on the bus I went to a window seat and just waited to get home. there were only about 3 other people on the buss so I just assumed it would be a fast ride home. The water was filling up my bladder at a very rapid pace and I was completely desperate.

20 minutes into the ride. I didnt want to get off the buss because it was the last buss of the night and I didnt want to be stranded. I just had to hold out untill i got home. I was only about half way to my house and I had a full bladder. I was still kind off buzzed and I tried to take my mind away from my bladder but that only worked for a short time. I started doing the pee pee dance in my seat and tried to calm myself down before I became to anxious. my bladder was filling even faster and it began to become sore. I was still about a good 5 to 10 miles away from my house and I still had to walk a block. I started to get very anxious and sweaty from the whole situation. Some girl who was about to off the buss looked at me and asked me "are you okay it's to cold to be sweating." I said Im fine I just have to pee very bad. She said " well just relax and you will be fine" and she got off the buss and left. Tobad she didnt know how bad I needed to go becouse it was very hard to relax. 

5 minutes later I felt a small spurt shoot into my pants. I knew then that I probably wont make it home since the buss isn't even in my city yet. I tried to squeeze my bladder as hard as i could but I kept squirting into my pants. I was Waring blue pants so the pee stains were visible. I I manage to stop it but i felt more water move into my bladder. I crossed my legs and tried to stop it. The pressure in my bladder began to build up rapidly and I knew what was about to come. I jet of pee shot out of my bladder, I tried to fight it off but more jets of pee kept coming out. I eventually lost the fight and began to pee into my pants. I soaked my pants I soaked the seat and there was a pee puddle on the floor. I was glad I was the only person left on the buss because There was no way I was going to cover that stain up. Eventually I made it to my stop and I ran out the buss. I made my way into my house and cleaned myself off.

