Christmas Accident

Author: Bex

*000*2015-12-28 23:02

Merry (late) Christmas everyone!

At Christmas a group of family come to our house and have christmas dinner with us and stay around playing some fun games and talking (with added alcohol) until around 10pm when people start to leave and head off home for the night.

I'll start off with saying we (the family) got up around 8am and had some breakfast - sausage and bacon on rolls - and then we opened up the presents. At around 10 it was my turn to have a shower and while in there I had my morning pee. I made myself look presentable for the day, we don't get all dressed up for christmas at our house so I just had on some light denim jeans with a white jumper.

People started to arrive around 12 so I was sitting in the living room chatting away for some time before we had our starters at 2. I had a couple glasses of water between 12 and starters at 2 so when the main course was served at 3:30 I had drunk at least another 2 glasses. This is when the alcohol started, the wine came first...

A couple hours of laughter later I was starting to need a pee but was confident I could hold off until some people left the house. After our dessert I was standing in the kitchen talking with my cousin and her mum (my auntie), my mum and grandma. My cousin is the same age as me and we both look similar to each other. My cousin left in a break of the conversation and I presumed she had gone to talk in the living room so after a minute I took my chance while everyone was talking to slip out to the bathroom which was upstairs.

While we had been talking I had adjusted my underwear from outside my jeans a couple of times to try to relieve some of the pain (I do this alot when I need to pee and alot of the time I dribble when I do it so end up doing it to get the moist underwear off of me... It sounds stupid but it works...), I had also had to casually rest my hand on my inner thigh a couple of times and give small quick pushes into my crotch. I'm pretty sure I saw my cousin look down at my crotch a couple times while I did this but I thought I had kept it covered well.

So I headed out squeezing past everyone and looked up the stairs to see the bathroom door slightly ajar, it was closed over but had not closed fully. I fully held myself as I climbed the stairs slowly and silently concentrating on holding my bladder closed. I got to the top of the stairs and pushed the door open with one hand as I started to undo my button with the other.

I heard a small squeal and almost jumped when I saw my cousin sitting now red faced with embarrassment on the toilet in front of me. I quickly apologised and asked her if she was almost done. She told me she had not long started and she was "using the toilet". I gave her a quizzing look and she sighed and whispered that she hadn't had a poo in a couple days and she was going now.

At this point my first real spurt came out and I grabbed my crotch. I closed the door and told her I was really desperate and would have to wait there cause I couldn't move. I sat down slowly on the cold floor of the bathroom and crossed my legs over jamming my right heel into my crotch of my jeans. I let another dribble out and closed my eyes and strained really hard to recompose myself, I could feel the moisture from my leak through my sock and looked down at my crotch. It didn't look good and my cousin tried to encourage me to keep on holding it.

I sat for what felt like an hour (was probably only about 5 minutes) concentrating really hard on not peeing when a huge spurt came out.

I grabbed my crotch again and rocked on my heel but not even a minute later another spurt came out. I couldn't stop them anymore and within seconds a steady dribble was coming out.

Stupidly I stood up and the dribble became a gush which splashed loudly onto the floor tiles and spread all down my legs. My jeans turned to a dark almost black blue and even my jumper had some pee on it. I relaxed and felt the stream speed up and start pushing out of my jeans.

I started to cry quietly, I had just wet myself 2 feet from a toilet infront of my cousin...

She comforted me and calmed me down and then helped my peel off my cold wet pee soaked jeans and panties and I dried off and cleaned up the floor. She fetched me fresh clothes and I got changed, only us two knew about that until later when my mum asked about my wet clothing in my room.

Hope you guys enjoyed this more than I did - mainly cause it was infront of my cousin and completely unintentional.

Merry Christmas

