Train signal says stop - Bladders say GO!

Author: blisster

*000*2017-07-30 19:54

A slow suburban train in the South Of England in the early 1960's. Steam hauled and with very old carriages that were split up unto compartments with 8 seats and didn't have a corridor - so once you were in there was no getting out until the next station. On long journeys there were "Ladies only" compartments because assaults and violence were not unheard of, although probably less prevalent that they are in C21.

I was not yet 20 and in my first job. The train was crowded and my compartment had both men and women in it. I was the youngest by a long way. I needed a pee, but as I was only going three stops wasn't concerned because I would be getting off the train in about 15 minutes - or so I thought.

It wasn't unusual for the train to stop between stations -but normally only for a minute or so until the line ahead was clear. This day we stopped and waited, and waited. Then the guard came along the line to tell us that there was a problem ahead and we could be delayed some time. He was shouting this through the windows and also said that no one should attempt to leave the train as it was dangerous to do so.

We were still stationary 45 minutes later and again the guard came to say the train in front had broken down - or as he put it "something's fallen of their engine" and we would be some time. My legs were crossed as surreptitiously as I could make it look but i knew I would pee the seat if I didn't have a slash very soon.

A man sitting opposite asked "Do you need a wee,son?" I couldn't deny it and said I hadn't expected to be on the train so long. He said "none of us did and I for one need urgent relief" It was very soon clear that one or two female passengers were similarly embarrassed. I blurted out"I can't hold it much longer". I think everyone in the carriage was sympathetic and were willing me not to do it in my trousers. The first man told me not to worry, and went to the door of the carriage and opened it slightly - He said "Just widdle onto the track - no one will look and everyone understands". I had no option and did as was suggested - sensing that it was only just in time and aware that I had leaked a little into my underwear. As I finished and was fastening my fly the man said "My turn now* and although I didn't look (because that wouldn't have been fair) I heard a very long and powerful pee. When he finished he said "That feels a lot better - better out than in as my old mum used to say".

Another guy said "Could you leave the door as it is old man. I think I had better....." and he did.

The two ladies in the compartment had been talking and one said "I'ts OK for you men, but what about us - we simply must make ourselves comfortable^. This was clearly a problem in a compartment full of men but it was obvious that one of the women was at least as desperate as I had been. The man who had helped me said "Of course madam we will ensure you have as much privacy as possible". This was achieved with the help of broadsheet newspapers passengers had with them. The man deputed me to hold one edge of the opened out paper to make a sort of curtain across the compartment. Everybody else moved well back and chatted with each other to show they were not in the least bit interested in what was going on behind the newspaper.. The man winked and whispered to me "no peeking now" and the first woman went to squat just beside the carriage door. People started talking and behaving as if nothing unusual was happening and soon the second woman took her turn.

I didn't peek, but had a insight into female anatomy and the difference between men and women as it was clearly harder for women to pee through a narrow space. As the door was closed the second woman kicked out onto the track another newspaper that bore signs of having received the "overflow" that didn't make it through the gap.

Conversation resumed - centered on the poor standards of British Rail and the problem of explaining to one's boss the reason for being very late at work. After about half an hour we began to move very slowly. But least we were moving and as I was starting to feel a bowel movement making it's presence felt I was very relieved when the next station came into sight. It wasn't my stop but I just had to get to a toilet- whatever my employer might think!

I told my broad minded auntie about this a few days later and she said "did you peek at the ladies" I said "no, of course not" and she replied "I don't suppose you would have seen much anyway - I expect they peed through their knickers - I know that's what I would have done with two men standing there pretending not to look at me".

