Flooded my pants

Author: Ianus

*000*2022-06-05 22:23

So today I have a short story for you of my latest hold, hope you can enjoy!

When I returned after my evening walk today, I felt like holding. So I started at around 7pm drinking a cup of water and just did some work. While working I kept taking water. Up until 10pm the urge was not really an issue, nothing more than a mild feeling which could easily be ignored. At 10:30pm the urge has evolved to a constant reminder, but I just kept doing my things and drinking from time to time. As I was sitting at my desk and working on the computer at some point around 11pm the urge was getting stronger, now reaching a 7/10. 

After some time I had to lean backwards and open my belt to remove pressure from my bladder, but still I could lean forward to tease myself. Not much later I could barely concentrate on anything else than my bladder. So I started the teasing of myself. I always enjoy to push myself and it really turns my one. So I started to fetch water for my purifier, leaning forward putting weight on my filled bladder while I had to listen for the water from the tap filling the container.

Now the interesting phase started. My pressure was now almost forcing my to do dances, I was barely able to stand still. My next challenge was spreading legs. I continued doing squats, then took a break to take some little more water. Then I tried sitting with pressure on bladder while listening to more water. The pressure was now a 9/10 and I needed constant will to keep it in. But even that was not enough to keep my dry during the next squats (you can see the result at the pictures). I knew I was about to burst, but I couldn't stop. But I made it to finish the squats taking a short break but even without the squats I was barely holding it.

The feeling of almost losing control made my so hard. Then the next round. I just so survived spreading with another small leak, but at the third squat a massive spurt came out and I just couldn't regain control. I was pissing full force and omg I was just feeling like floating somewhere in the highest skies for the next two minutes while I completely soaked my pants. It just kept coming and I was just enjoying, you can't imagine the euphoria. It was so nice, I started masturbating right on the spot.

So yeah I would say I had a nice time and I hope I could share some of my joy to your people here. Love to hear feedback on my storytelling etc.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

