[Male] Game day traffic

Author: shinobi

*000*2021-01-15 21:50

So I promised @Tek84 a story about one of my solo experiences – here goes, hope you like it!

I always remember being interested in omorashi, even when I was really young, but I never really got a huge change to do much about it. I’d hold late at night sometimes, and even though it’d be exciting, I just didn’t really have the time or the privacy to take it as far as I wanted, really. I’d wet, but because I couldn’t hold any longer or ran out of time, not because I couldn’t hold it anymore. Like most of us, I expect, I didn’t have the chance to do what I really get into it until I was in college.

When I was probably 19, I moved in with a girlfriend of mine from high school who I went to college with. It was my first apartment, really, and my first time truly being away from home. I finally had my own bedroom and bathroom, which was great, and she would frequently spend the night with her boyfriend on weekends, which was even better! I remember this was a Saturday, one of the first Saturdays of the school year, and I had been at the mall that afternoon, mostly clothes shopping, I think. 

I remember having a couple bottles of water from the food court while I was there, and I was just about thinking I ought to find a restroom when my room mate texted me that she was going over to her boyfriend’s right then and would be spending the night. I wished her luck and was just about to enter the restroom when I realized – I had always wanted to try out this fetish more, and this was the perfect opportunity. For those that care, I remember wearing light colored skinny jeans, a loose-ish fitting t-shirt, a hoodie and green briefs.

I went back to the food court and got another bottle of water, a big one. I wandered around the mall some more, and when my bladder was beginning to get full, I figured it was time to go home. I was really new to holding in public, so the fact that I was pretty uncomfortable (a 7 out of 10 maybe?) had me really nervous. It didn’t help that I was wearing light colored pants, so I knew that if I had any slip ups, everyone would be able to see. I actually hadn’t tested my limits yet and did not know how much I could hold, and come to think of it, I hadn’t even held to the point where I really leaked involuntarily by that point. I’d always leaked/wet because it just hurt too much to hold anymore, but that just made it all the more terrifying, having no idea when it would happen. I knew the drive back well, though, it was only 10 minutes or so, and I figured I’d have plenty of privacy to jump around and hold it once I got home anyway.

I finished off my drink and actually got one more and chugged it, just to make sure I’d be ready when I got home – it’s only 10 minutes to home, I thought, it won’t go through me that quickly – and then I tossed my cup in the garbage. That was a big mistake, I would come to realize. I winced as I bent over to put my things in the back and get in the driver’s seat, but before I could give it a second thought, I was in the traffic to leave the mall. I didn’t get far before I noticed the traffic was heavier than normal. I was more than a little worried. I lived maybe ten minutes away from my apartment by the route I was going, but I’d already spent five minutes just trying to get out of the mall.

The mall was right next to a highway that ran through my college town, and by the time I was approaching the highway crossing, it had already been 10-15 minutes. I was definitely worried and knew something was not right. I was grabbing myself a bit already by this point, trying to do it subtly in the middle of all the traffic, and was using the pauses in the stop-and-go traffic to get on my phone and find out what was going on. About five to ten minutes later, probably, I was on the bridge over the highway and looked to both my sides.

I saw bumper to bumper traffic both ways on the highway. My gut sank – or maybe it was my bladder – and then I finally realized what was going on: There was a football game today. Football was *huge* in the town I went to college in, and crowds easily clogged up all the major streets on their way to and from the game. Worse, I had to head towards the university and past it to get to my apartment! What was supposed to be a 10 minute drive was now easily over an hour long.

My heart was pounding out of my chest as I realized this, and I knew there was a very small chance that I would make it home with dry jeans. I looked for a water bottle, cup, anything, but I had thrown it all away, and I instantly regretted tossing out my cup from earlier. I put my car in park (I wasn’t moving at the time anyway) and leaned in back to try to find something, anything, that might help me, but I had no luck, and actually almost leaked once or twice from the pressure of turning around. I gave up, and settled in for the drive. I’d just have to hold on, I told myself. Being desperate IS what I wanted, after all, just maybe not in my car stuck in the middle of a huge traffic jam.

Maybe 25 minutes later, halfway back to my apartment (judging by distance, anyway), I was sweating with the effort of holding it in and took off my hoodie. As I was wiggling around in my seat to take it off, I swear I felt a drip or two leave me. I looked down at my jeans in a panic, hoping it wasn’t visible, and lucky for me it wasn’t yet. I hoped I was just feeling sweat or weird sensations from being so desperate – I really didn’t know what was going on, I’d never held on for this long.

One or two more stop-and-go’s later, as I was pressing on the brakes as gingerly as I could, it felt like my pee just kept going forward and the momentum from the car carried a little bit out of my bladder and into my briefs. It wasn’t a huge leak, but it was enough to feel it splash into my underwear and make it cling to me. My heart started pounding again as I looked down to check my crotch, but lucky for me there was nothing yet.

The university was in sight now, but every time I braked, I felt another drip or two enter my now-damp briefs. I realized I could easily get the seat wet, and reached my hand between my legs to see if any damage had been done. The seats felt dry, but I felt some dampness on the back of my jeans. I put the car in park again, and twisted around to look through the things in the back of my car again. I saw a towel behind my seat, from working out – I grabbed it and took it up front, and winced in pain at having to twist like that. I squeezed my thighs together as best as I could, but I felt another spurt soak my briefs and barely cut it off before I had to drive forward again. Moving my legs to work the pedals, I definitely felt some wetness between them, and when I looked down I saw a wet spot about the size a couple of inches in diameter between my legs. I knew it had to be bigger on my bottom, and I was worried about getting my seat wet now.

I moved the towel underneath me so that it covered the seat. I felt like I was admitting defeat doing this, like I was admitting that I *would* wet myself. And even though in retrospect that was absolutely the case, I tried to psych myself up and think that I *was* going to hold it, I was just protecting my seat from what I’d already leaked. I was 19, for crying out loud! Way too old to be wetting myself like this! It worked for a little bit, actually. I felt my sphincter muscles tighten up, and I stopped leaking every time I hit the brakes. 

I was taking deep, slow, shaking breaths through my mouth, and swearing quietly to myself. This really, really hurt, I thought to myself, but I did not want to get out of the car with wet jeans. I looked at myself in the mirror, and I was a sweaty mess. My hair was sticking to my face like I was in the middle of a workout, which I guess I sort of was. I straightened it out, took a few more deep breaths, and focused on the driving I was supposed to be doing.

I was inside the university campus now, and it was basically the home stretch for me. It wasn’t far beyond that, I maybe lived a mile beyond the university, and I didn’t think the traffic would be as bad heading away from the university. I managed to make it through the university without any further issues, and sure enough, the roads going away from the university were way less congested. I was beginning to think I had a chance after all, but I was still driving slowly, mostly so that I didn’t have to break so hard to stop my car.

As I was just clearing the university campus, my bladder stopped hurting so badly. It went from feeling like I had a huge water balloon in my stomach to just feeling sort of tingly, like after a long workout. I wasn’t about to complain, but once I noticed it, I looked down to make sure I hadn’t silently exploded or something! My jeans looked like the wetness from earlier was sort of spreading out and starting to dry, it looked like, but amazingly I didn’t think I had wet myself any more than I already had, and the towel under me didn’t feel any wetter. I was beginning to think I’d make it.

Once I had actually cleared the campus, I couldn’t help but notice a tickling feeling on my crotch, like someone was running a feather up and down my skin down there. I wiggled a bit in my seat, thinking it was just my briefs drying against my skin, but that didn’t help. I snuck a hand down there to scratch, and was shocked when I felt what was clearly newly wet denim. I realized I must be slowly leaking into my pants now, and I just simply couldn’t control it. There were only a few more stop signs left, I tried to will myself to hold it in, but my bladder muscles just weren’t having it anymore. 

My heart was pounding again and I went back to swearing quietly under my breath, and as I braked at one of the last stop signs before my apartment, and once again the breaking made me leak, only this time it just turned up the trickle. I tried my hardest to hold it in, to shut off the flow, but suddenly it felt as if someone had punched me in the gut, and I just lost all sensation in my bladder. I yelped out in pain, loud enough to surprise even myself, and suddenly it sounded as if someone had turned on a faucet in my seat. Pee came hissing out of me, soaking my jeans and turning them an obviously dark blue, and I could do nothing but pant in my seat and listen to my heart pounding in my chest. “Oh shit,” I thought to myself, “I am pissing myself in my car!”

I just sat looking at my crotch getting wetter and wetter for a while, until I heard a horn honk behind me. The light turned green and I had missed it, too distracted by the flood happening in my jeans. I drove forward, still pissing my pants, and winced as I felt it slosh around with the movement of my legs. As I braked at the next light, I felt the piss slosh forward and go past me knees and down my legs. I winced. I knew I was *soaked*, and was honestly panicking and shaking, wondering just how the hell I was going to get back into my house without everyone seeing my wet pants. I’d reached a traffic-free side street that led to my apartment, and had to pull off into some empty back parking lot to collect myself.

I put the car in park and looked down at myself. I was basically soaked from the waist down, and the bottom of my shirt was obviously wet too. You wet yourself, I thought, you fucking peed your pants, this is so embarrassing, how are you gonna get inside?! I got lost in my racing thoughts, I kept deriding myself for not being able to hold it, calling myself names, asking myself what kind of 19 year old wets themselves like this… My breathing got heavy, my heart was pounding again, I started moaning to myself, and grabbed myself through my jeans. Before I knew it, after barely touching myself, I had gotten myself so mentally worked up that I was having what was probably the biggest orgasm I had ever had, without even unzipping my pants. I muffled my moans with my hand, just in case, and when it was over, I just went limp for a while.

I know it’s probably not as interesting, but I did manage to get inside without anyone seeing me. I used my bags, towel and hoodie as cover, just in case, but luckily everyone seemed to be inside at the time, probably watching that stupid football game! But I definitely had other plans in mind…

*002*2021-01-16 01:06

Aww, thank you very much!

