The Discord Hold

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2020-02-05 09:45

Hi guys been a while since I put up a story here, but it's not about me but about my beautiful girlfriend who to protect identity and all that we'll call Rosalynne, now to give a little backstory, we met on this website and have been talking and getting to know each other for a while now, for me personally she's the love of my life and my life saver.....but now onto the main course of this story which took place yesterday.

So Rosalynne and I were chatting about random stuff when she tells me that she had a cup of tea and a pint of water (Tea makes all her holds very interesting.) And she asks me if she should get another one which of course i say yes, so she does that and drinks it, after which I tell her I'm going to have a shower which triggered her bladder with thoughts of me and water.

After my shower I tell her that I'm sitting on her lap so she can't squirm or cross her legs for 5 minutes, well it turned into 10 minutes which nearly made her leak.

At this point both of us are getting aroused and she goes to get more comfy on her futon, where she goes to cross her legs and moan in a very cute way about how badly she has to pee, Rosalynne's original goal was to hold on till 5pm but that was an hour away and she was on 8-9 merging on 10/10 on the desperation scale.

I then start teasing her with pictures of people having accidents and pointing out how relieved they looked but young Rosalynne wasn't having any of it, I should meantion that I told Rosalynne that the toilet was broken and that I got someone in who was taking his time but would be done by 5pm.

I continued to tease her with pics and at times it seemed they were getting to her, her bladder was buldging, she was filled to the brim.

10 minutes later she was close to losing control she was pulling every trick and every ounce of strength to keep her floodgates closed.

5 minutes later she couldn't move her bladder was too full despite me trying to help her but both of out arousal levels were off the chart, at some point she lost control and began to rub herself trying soo hard to have an orgasm and keep her overfull bladder in check, she manages to do that before she grabs a towel to catch some of her pee and she makes a mad dash to the bathroom stepping into the shower and finally being able to pee and having a second orgasm just from the amount of pee she had in her.

After all that she comes back and we both agreed to do more holds like that.

I hope you guys enjoyed this experience for I definitely did, and I want to thank my beautiful girlfriend Rosalynne for allowing me to share this experience with you guys.

Have a nice day.

