Describing peeing

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-02-26 00:10

A few weeks ago I contributed to a post where someone was asking people to describe what it felt like to be desperate. Someone responded and asked if I would describe what peeing is like so here’s goes:

I am going to go on the fact there has been a long and enjoyable desperation leading up to this point with a very full bladder and a lot of liquid consumed.

So the first trickle is like the plug has been pulled very slightly leaving a small gap that liquid oozes out of, almost beyond control. Like filling a huge pot with water and as it reaches the top a little overspills beyond your control. The first trickle or spurt also brings shock and horror and sends adrenaline throughout my body as I fight to keep the rest back. It makes me shake, sweat, and go red in the face as I can no longwr hide my inner feelings and thoughts.

Its like I have had a secret exposed to the world and now I can’t hide what is going on in my body, my thoughts and my actions. I feel embarrassed and excited mixed together and it’s at this time, this point, I might finally admit my need in public.

Assuming I am on a toilet or in a private place where I am able to release freely I woukd soon after find more coming out, this time a much larger spurt. The warmth, the feeling of inevitability, the sense of light at the end of the tunnel is blissful. It’s like having a huge sense of relief coupled with excitement like for example getting your exam results and finding you have passed or getting the keys to your first house, or passing your drivers test. I feel a huge sense of achievement and accomplishment that I have held off until I needed to regardless how strong my urges were.

Then there’s the final moment when you can relax, let go and give in to your bodies ultimate longed for desire. The feeling of giving in to the moment, letting go of everything else, being consumed by the sheer beauty of your body getting all it needed and so much more. That feeling of contentment, fulfilment and exhuberation. The warmth, wetness, freedom to breath, loss of inhibitions, excitement, ecstasy, relief, the sense that suddenly the world is a wonderful place.

The longer the pee the longer that feeling of peace, joy and happiness lasts.

Its euphoric and unbeatable.

Peeing after a long hold is the most incredible, beautiful, wonderful feeling ever.

Its my own private heaven, my own personal orgasm, my ultimate intimacy.

Its my secret passion and leaves me feeling like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders. I feel renewed, energised, refreshed.

I sit there and reveal in this magic glow as long as possible as my body lets every worry, stress and fear vanish completely.

I could take on the world after a long satisfying pee but after a long hold I am tired.

A quick nap and more fluids and I could conquer the world.

Thats what peeing after a long hold feels like.

Can anyone relate?

(I should add to the end that if i’ve pissed through clothes that feeling of being naughty, exposed and vulnerable can heighten all the above feelings even more.)

*002*2019-02-26 12:56

{{11 hours ago, Tree Trimmer said:

My friend always said that peeing after a "full bladder orgasm" was a totally heavenly feeling!!!

}}

It very much is!

*005*2019-02-26 18:36

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

I particularly relish long pees, of over thirty seconds. Not only am I amazed that I held all that pee in, but the feeling of gradual decrease of pressure in my bladder is awesome.

As a male I can feel the pee traveling through my penis. When it goes on forever it is incredible .

Holding and desperation os foreplay, wetting or just peeing the orgasim.

}}

That last line sums it up perfectly for me too. I guess in trying to describe peeing I was in effect trying to explain an orgasm. I see them so similarly

*007*2019-02-26 22:53

{{2 hours ago, Marco said:

@Mbgpeelover

Your prose is very beautiful and very erotic

}}

Thank you. I believe words are very powerful

*009*2019-02-27 08:31

{{8 hours ago, theeclipse said:

I find that when I’m really desperate and have been holding for awhile, when I go to the toilet my pee comes out slower, and not all of it does. I can’t decide if I like it or not. The way it starts out slowly, and then builds up. Then not long after I let go, I need to go again.

Not completely related, but does anyone know what I mean?

}}

Totally relatable. That’s hapoens to me too!

