Getting very wet at the park

Author: Rileyy

*000*2018-04-30 01:26

A little bit of context: I was wearing grey leggings xD

So it was a sunny day outside and i wanted to enjoy it. I walked down to my local park and no one was there surprisingly. I sat down under a tree and was just listening to some podcasts, enjoying the day and drinking plenty of water so i didnt get a headache. Thats when I first felt a twinge in my bladder but the day was just too perfect to leave now so i stayed. I coul feel my need slowly increasing until i felt a little dribble come out and onto my panties. I was about to get up and go home but then i realized, theres no one here, Ill just stay a bit longer xD

I started to get a little more desperate and leaked a little more. I then did a challenge and had to sit criss cross applesauce (how did that become a name) for a couple of minutes. I instantly had to pee way worse so i drank even more water. I started to dribble little amounts and saw a tiny wet spot form on the crotch of my leggings. Then I felt a spurt come out and my wet spot grew a lot. At this point I really had to pee and I knew if i didn't do something I was going to completely wet my leggings. As i was thinking another spurt shot out and my wet spot grew again. I grabbed my crotch and was able to stop it but I was getting really desperate.

At that point my bladder kind of gave out and i managed to get my leggings pulled down a little but my panties wouldn't budge so i peed straight through them onto the dirt. I peed for a long time but it felt amazing. Seeing the river I was forming was incredible xD finally my stream tapered off and I just kind of sat there amazed that I just did this and got away with it. My panties were absolutely soaked so i very quickly took them off and put them in my bag and walked home xD

Sorry for the weird writing im tired right now xD

Also in the future if you want me to attach pictures when I can just let me know!

Thanks for reading!!

$$

$$

*003*2018-04-30 01:53

{{3 minutes ago, largebio said:

Very naughty and sexy. Thanks for sharing your experience

}}

{{13 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Mmmmmn, a very hot and naughty wetting!

Sounds very sexy

}}

Thank you!

