I wet my jeans on my doorstep...

Author: LizJWetting

*000*2020-05-21 19:13

Here's a story from a few years back. I used to do challenges where I'd drink plenty, head out for a few hours and try to hold it until I got back.

On this particular day I waited until I hadn't peed for a few hours but didn't really need to go at the time, then drank some water and headed out to town (about half an hour bus ride) to do some shopping for a while. I hung around in town for about an hour feeling my bladder rapidly filling up before I decided I should probably start to head home.

I went to the bus stop, and I had missed the bus I wanted to get, not much of a problem because the next one was in 20 minutes and I could still wait a little while. Of course that 20 minutes turned into 25 minutes, 30 minutes, 35 minutes... by the time the bus finally turned up about 45 later minutes I really was getting quite desperate. The bus seemed to be moving painfully slowly as I sat there squirming in my seat, getting more and more uncomfortable. Other passengers probably noticed my situation, but I didn't really care.

Once I got off the bus I basically ran towards home, trying to walk as fast as I could while also focusing on holding it in. For some reason getting closer to my house seemed to make the need even worse. I got to my door, fumbled in my bag for my keys... then felt the pee start to come out and I couldn't stop it. I didn't want to make a puddle indoors, so I just stood there on my doorstep pissing in my jeans, enjoying the feeling of relief and the warmth spreading down my legs. I don't know if any of my neighbours saw me. At the time this was the closest I'd come to peeing myself in public.

Anyway, there's my story, hope you enjoyed it.

*004*2020-05-24 16:15

{{On 5/23/2020 at 3:01 PM, Nils JD said:

Hi LizJ, this sounds like a great, but also slightly embarrassing experience.

I bet it felt really amazing to let it go in your jeans.

What kind of shoes did you wear?

I guess you totally flooded them...

}}

I think I was wearing Converse shoes, and yeah they did get quite wet. The fact that I didn't know if people could see me wetting myself definitely added to the excitement.

*005*2020-05-24 16:24

{{2 hours ago, ews21 said:

Welcome I see you joined just to post this story.

It happens a lot and I think its called key hole wetting. Glad to know you enjoyed it and didnt make too much of a mess

}}

Well I didn't join just to post this, I've got a few other stories that I might share some time later.

