Another visit with Brian

Author: roxykkling

*000*2015-08-31 05:08

I had another three day weekend this week, a girl at work asked me to trade her Friday for Thursday bec she needed Thursday off. and this was my weekend off so it was perfect. so I decided to take the opportunity and go see my Elizabeth and Brian again. I left Ohio Thursday evening, arriving in pa late that night, around 2 am. I was exhausted from trip so Brian took me to Denny's for a late snack. Nothing excited happened that night, we got back to his place had a little reunion ;) and I passed out. I woke up Friday morning around 9 and the smell of bacon lured me downstairs.

He was making breakfast for us and told me to eat up he made plans for us. I love when a guy has a plan instead of "I don't know what do you wanna do?" I started toward the bathroom when he asked where I thought I was going. As I wobbled on my feet and wiggled my hips I said "clearly I'm going pee." I always have to pee like crazy in the mornings.he told me to park my butt down and eat first or I wasn't doing anything. Love how dominant he acts. He's really a big a teddy bear tho.

I sat down and ate my breakfast, my favorite, French toast. And a little bacon. it was hard to drink to my glass of chocolate milk, I was bouncing and fidgeting the whole time.

"I'm done can I pee now?"

He gave me a wave of his hand and I got up toward the bathroom again and he stopped me in my tracks. "I said you could pee, not go to the bathroom." my mouth dropped open before slyly and slowly turning in to a devilish smile. he wanted to play games. : )

I continued my pee dance, holding my self, dancing, walking around dramatically, slipped my hand down my shorts and rubbed a little. He then told me since I couldn't keep my hands out of my pants and off of his property I could no longer hold my self. Man he's good...

I slipped off my shorts, they had a tight waist band. And I sat down on the couch bobbing my legs up and down. I suddenly felt a lot of pressure pushing down and subconsciously grabbed myself. I didn't even think he had seen me since he was so engrossed in the news, but this time he told me I had stop bobbing. he was making this harder and harder.

He went upstairs and I took his absence as a chance to grab my self with the next wave of pressure that suddenly bared down from my bladder. he came back down the stairs with the clothes I had laid out for the day, and told me to get dressed, and since I had grabbed myself again I could longer squeeze my legs together. did he know or just assumed I was bad?

I took my tank top off first and pulled a new one over my head, a black and white chevron print. Struggling so hard not to press my legs together. I felt a small drip escape and again instinctively grabbed my self. Now I was no longer aloud to wiggle my hips. he came over to me and got down on his knees and pulled my panties down in a quick motion. I gasped as a spurt escaped at my excitement of him so close to me pulling my panties off. He noticed the spurt as it pretty much shot straight out due to my lack of panties. He turned me around and bent me over and gave me a spank for me being bad again. The pressure of being bent over caused another longer spurt and I gasped.

"please let me go pee I'm about to lose it."

"I told u u could pee, just not in the bathroom.. finish getting dressed.."

I picked my fresh panties up from the chair, thankful I decided to pack extra extra clothes. I pulled my leg up discreetly clenching them together as I slipped one foot into my panties. The motion of putting my leg back down caused yet other spurt and two more with the other leg. I put my dark capris jeans on, also with two more spurts, my panties soaked, but could not button them. When I tried the pressure caused a very long leak I almost didn't recover from.

Brian noticed a small wet spot on my jeans and tisked at me. He came over and slipped his hand down the front of my pants. His fingers explored and pleasured while his thumb gave my clit the attention it had been throbbing for. This was his way of punishment. He knew the pleasure was enough to distract me from holding.

I squeezed my legs together as another forceful spurt came out escaping passed his talented fingers. He told me to stand with my feet apart, almost shoulder width. I did as he said and I suddenly felt it was almost over. He started kissing my neck and it was wonderful. so wonderful that I completely forgot what I was concentrating on.

As I lost control he stepped away from me and sat down on the couch watching as my jeans grew darker and darker. I brought my feet closer together, but not squeezing my legs, and moaned with pleasure as the relief was almost orgasmic. it ran down my legs in little individual streams, dripped out thru the folds at my knees and started puddling at my feet. I peed for what felt like five minutes.

Once i was done Brian lead me back upstairs stripping my clothes off on the way ; )

