First time chat room play

Author: Uniee

*000*2017-11-04 08:33

Last night I was due to go on a date but this got put off. So I was in bed drinking wine alone and horny...

I decided to go on a chat room. After lots of dicpics I decided to post that I needed to pee...

One guy popped up and decided to talk me through this... I was at about 7/10 but wanted to please him so let a little go into my white panties and sent him a picture.

He responded with a wet spot of his own.

This continued for about 15min until my wet spot was soaking the crotch of my panties and I didn't this I could stop the next time... I rushed to toilet and let go through my panties.. sending him a pic. I rubbed my clit to orgasm through my panties.

As I returned to my room, ready to change another user popped up.. he was much more demanding. He talked me into opening another bottle of wine.. and another litre of water. Now we all know that our bladders are weaker after first hold so within 45min i was squirming. My wet panties making it worse.

He kept asking me to drink more... a huge spurt left my pussy so I explained I'd have to go... he said no.. hold for 15 more minutes... this was agony scissoring my legs... dribbles slipping past my lips. He said your not going to make it to toilet are you.. I realised this was true. 5minutes before my time was up I nearly lost it. He said no toilet.. you'll have to pee your bed. I didn't want to do this due to smell so I saw the empty wine glass.. thought if I could just let some go..I filled the glass til it nearly overflowed.

I really struggled to stop... all the time this man says no toilet.. I could feel more about to come out so I made a cardboard funnel and emptied the pee into the empty wine bottle.. just in time! More pee poured out of me (I couldn't believe how much as I had pee'd an hour before) once again the glass was filled to brim. I had to use my hand pushed against my pee hole to stem (not fully stop) the flow.. once again I emptied this into bottle... still peeing I managed to fill whole bottle and half the glass... and came in shuddering waves before falling asleep.

I've now woken up full.... hmm

*003*2017-11-05 10:56

Thanks xxx

Someone else controlling my bladder is definitely a turn on ?

