Storytime - First intentional wetting

Author: Country Man

*000*2016-08-04 02:40

Do you remember the first time you intentionally peed in your pants?

For me I was about 13. I had discovered that I was interested in and excited by thoughts and scenes of desperation, peeing, and especially accidental wetting.

As this developed, I began to wonder what it would be like to wet myself. Childhood accidents were accidental and embarrassing. My last one had been five years earlier when I was ill, and that seemed like a long time ago.

I planned a time when I would be home alone and had a pair of pants that I had outgrown and wouldn't be missed. I came home from school with a full bladder, squeezed into the old pants, and walked around the house getting more and more desperate.

I chickened out a few times and took the pants off, telling myself I was nuts and what I wanted to do was sick, but I put them on again until I was dancing with desperation. And then when I couldn't wait any longer, I stood in the bathtub and vowed to let it happen. I thought of girls being desperate and wetting.

And in a few moments even while I was still wondering if I could go through with it, I finally let go and soaked myself.

It was... strange. It felt dirty, far worse than having an accident.

Once the deed was done, I immediately felt the need to clean up and dispose of the evidence - fast!

Despite feeling ashamed at doing it, my fantasies about wetting continued, and I found myself repeating this experience... for the next 45 years.

What was your first time like?

