Elevators

Author: nunyabizz

*000*2012-08-06 02:22

This is when I was at my most desperate. I never had an experience like this before, or many times since that I can remember. Because there was a lot of shame aimed my way when I had any kind of accident, I've unfortunately blocked most of them from my mind as I was made to feel incredibly guilty and bad about them. That draconian child rearing obviously hasn't prevented me from developing this fetish. This instance, though, made a very strong impression on my psyche and has a lot to do with who I am. Here it is:

I went to elementary school maybe 13 blocks, if that, from where I lived. Even when I was young, I guess I got a lot of UTIs, and always had a lot of urgency, but in general I always was thirsty and always went to the bathroom a lot, not to mention that I was generally neglected and not toilet-trained very well so I had issues with that and always went to the bathroom after every class or almost every class – and I guess I was getting tired of people noticing and either making comments or socially excluding me. Even then I felt like an outsider.

One day at the end of the school day instead of going to the bathroom after the last class I figured, I don't live so far away, and I wanted to not be left behind by the others and walk part of the way home with one or two people (can't remember). On this particular day I was in about 4th grade, old enough to have bladder control and thus for this following incident to be shameful, but whatever. So, flakes that kids are (and I was already made fun of for being overweight, so I didn't have many friends at all), I didn't want to announce that I had to use that bathroom *again* because I didn't want to make them wait for me – they wouldn't – I knew from past experience they wouldn't wait. And I didn't want to walk home alone yet again. So I left school knowing I had to go, but thinking I could deal with it.

By the time I was left to walk the last 4 blocks or so by myself, things were already urgent. I walked as fast as I could to my building. My mom was always home. I waited what seemed an interminable time to be buzzed in. There were plenty of other times when I barely made it and I thought this would be one of those times.

She let me in and I went to wait for the elevator. Yeah, I could have bolted up the stairs to the 5th floor, but 1) I was already an out of shape kid and 2) as urgent as things were I knew I couldn't handle running up, or even walking up, the stairs.

This was an old pre-war building with a shit elevator so I was just dying waiting for it to come down, down to the last part where it clicks into place and aligns so that you can open the door. Luckily there was no one in the lobby or coming out of the elevator or they would have seen me wiggling for dear life. I got in and pressed 5, praying no one would come into the lobby then and press the call button, making the door open, slowly as it did, and getting in. That happened sometimes, but not today.

It took forever for the inner elevator door to shut and for it to slowly make its ascent, rumbling along. Thankfully there were no stops on the intervening floors, but the elevator went so slowly, as it usually did, that between the 4th and 5th floors, I lost it. I started peeing and couldn't stop, it was so forceful and urgent. I've never been able to release a spurt and be able to keep holding – once I let go, I let go, there's no halfway, there's no going back. 

When I got to 5 I was still peeing as I pushed the elevator door open, kept peeing as I ran to our apartment, kept peeing as I waited for my mother to open our apartment door, kept peeing as she saw the puddles and started yelling at me, kept peeing down the long corridor of our apartment down to the bathroom, kept peeing on the bathroom floor, and kept peeing on the toilet, hearing her yelling in the background, for what seemed like minutes – never before had there seemed to be so much pee in me, though I obviously had accidents before. I kept peeing for minutes even though I had peed in the elevator and all over all the way to the bathroom. It was so urgent and shameful that I unfortunately didn't feel any great relief, but I've wanted to, since then, be able to have that kind of buildup and release which was positively massive in scale and totally unpredictable – it just kept going, it could not be stopped.

It amazed me that I had so much in me – so much more than the degree of urgency let on. I thought I could make it, and when I couldn't, it amazed me that there was so much more coming out than I thought I had drank that day/ or the last time since I had used the bathroom (which couldn't have been more than a few hours), you know? Can anyone else identify with that?

Of course there was the 'why didn't you go before you left school' lecture, and the Bad Report to father, and the rolled eyes, and the very vocal complaints about cleaning up, and the making me feel like shit, and since then, to function in the world, I've always been more or less mildly dehydrated, more so if I'm going to an unfamiliar place.

I would love a partner to rehearse all these dynamics with – the urgency, the shame, the punishment.

*001*2012-08-06 14:46

Hey Shu, I also was a bedwetter until about 7 or 8. My parents were too cheap to get diapers or bedcovers or anything, so basically they would shame me and humiliate me into stopping. That in itself was pretty traumatic. I grew up in a very chaotic and conservative household where, I'm beginning to understand, now in my time of unemployment and overall failure, how shame was really used to break my spirit to the point where I don't know or care much for who I am....all I know is that I can't have vanilla sex, that any sex for me is going to involve various aspects of wetting/humiliation/shame/domination, etc. I know I'm a dominant because I don't want to go through the pain I went through again, but I guess I want to understand what I went through by re-enacting it with another, i.e., inflicting it on another (another who would be into that, of course). But does that make me an evil person, that I can dish it out but can't take it?

The incident was when a relative – who died a few years later because I would have otherwise had to murder him – mortified me by asking, out of the blue after a family dinner, in front of anyone, "so have you stopped wetting the bed yet?"  – meaning I knew then that my mother was bitching about my (occasional) bedwetting at age 7-8 to other people, that I couldn't trust her because she couldn't keep anything to herself. I've always hated my family, but that really underlined why. They are not, unfortunately, people I can trust, but people who will go out of their way to hurt me. Now I have trust issues and don't get into relationships easily because of them, and I can't have or enjoy casual encounters either.

I basically have never slept well since being shamed into stopping wetting and I mostly stay awake all night. I really have had bad insomnia for decades since that incident taught me to hate myself. I've mentioned it in therapy briefly but it was so embarrassing. Neither I nor my therapist knows how to deal with it. I don't know how to move forward. It doesn't help that I like my therapist very much and find him very attractive. I often feel like I'm wasting his time with trivial stuff, but I swear I have never gotten a decent night's sleep since this relative's remark, even with medications. I've always feared wetting the bed, and even though this community and this fetish teaches me that that it's no big deal if I do, the shame has been drilled into me and it is debilitating. I often wish I could start my life over.

I would love to be with someone I felt safe enough to be able to sleep with and, if I did wind up wetting, that it wouldn't be a big deal, that it might actually be something he liked. I get depressed at the thought that such a person may never appear in my life. If you're out there, please private message me. I need to know not just that there are enthusiasts out there, but that they're sensitive souls like me – often accused of being "too sensitive."

*002*2012-08-06 15:25

I named this post "elevators" not just because of the specific incident but because I was hoping others would contribute their elevator stories...I like the idea of being stuck in an elevator and having to go...or just watching a movie where people are stuck in an elevator and wondering if the characters are experiencing any urges. At least one movie comes to mind but I can't remember it. I guess what's sexy to me about this is that it's an enclosed space – although I actually don't like enclosed spaces – and that even if you end up peeing in the corner, everyone can see you do it and the pee gets everywhere in the elevator anyway, and there's also the element of disappointing the others also stuck in there, like, why couldn't you hold it as long as we could until we got rescued?

Elevators really do it for me...sometimes when our plumbing was clogged or broken for whatever reason, my mother would say (looking back, kind of oddly), just go in the elevator. (Yes, my mother is certifiable and a generally horrible person.) This was always risky because, well, anyone could signal the elevator and get on while you were in the act – my stream was never so short as to last for less than one floor, even as slow as our old elevator was. So that was a very anxiety-inducing thing and probably contributed to my retaining urine today. In retrospect, why my mother just never bought a bucket for when the toilet was out, I don't know. I mean, we were that poor, but still. I think there was one time when I did have to exit the elevator after peeing in it when someone saw me, and I had to pretend it was someone's dog or something (people let their dogs pee in the elevator fairly often).

*006*2012-08-12 21:44

Pam, that's an awesome story. Thank you.

