The Accident That Brought Me Here

Author: Cantholdit92

*000*2020-01-22 03:27

So i'm new to this site. This section looks so fun! To see all these people break down in fine detail, makes you almost feel as if you were in thier shoes. Well here we go for my first...

So this was only 2 weekends ago, shortly after the new years. I had hung out with a few friends at a bar. I didn't get a chance to party on new years, so we made up for it on this night. Now i'm not really a drinker, once in a blue. I'm a stoner, I love weed. So since my body isn't used to alcohol, so isn't my bladder. Spoiler out, but seems pretty obvious anyway. Alcohol = peeing like crazy

At some point in the night, I should have went when my bladder told me to, but was caught up in conversation. When I finally did go, it was locked, and the other one was out of order. I was standing outside very desperate... 15 mins later the person finally came out, and I emptied my bladder successfully. We hung out until the bar closed for the night, which was about 3am. I ended up forgetting to pee getting caught up in conversation again. Once I was outside in the cold, my bladder responded. I was in between too shy to ask and feeling like I can make it home. I left my car home since I decided to drink, so it was about a 30 minute walk back to my house. Didn't feel like paying for Uber, so i just walked.

Only 10 mins into the walk it started getting really bad. Instant regret striken me. I began to breathe heavily, and tried so hard not to think about it, but when youre drunk it's simply not an easy task, especially in the cold. 20 minutes I was already holding myself and moaning in discomfort. I've never had a genuine unplanned accident before, and I was not mentally prepared for it. My anxiety began to kick in, making it even harder to hold. Only 5 mins away I started to dribble, and my crotch and fingers were now wet.

Finally I see my house. At this point I am sweating, panting, moaning, shivering because its cold, and my bladder is giving me a 'last warning' spasm that it's going to burst. I go up to my door, hopping around in motion while I took out my keys. Once the key went into the lock, pee started coming out, and it wouldn't stop. So I just let loose right where I stood, hearing all this pee gush out of me, crashing onto the pavement, and seeing the steam rise from it. I stood there for at least a minute, still peeing. I couldn't even believe how much I had to go. Finally stopped after 2 minutes of nonstop peeing, went inside, took off my wet clothes, showered, smoked some weed, and layed on my bed binge watching my show until I fell asleep.

I feel like the accident happened due to holding previously, my bladder probably weakened from the first hold. So eversince that incident, the sensation of being unable to resist the pressure for another second, feeling pee flowing out of my urethra no matter how hard I clenched it, became extremely arousing to me. I felt like I let loose half on purpose, half by accident because it just felt so damn good to feel all this warmth spread, and now I just want to do it more often!

*003*2020-01-24 01:19

{{11 hours ago, nerdy princess said:

Hot story. Thanks for sharing.

}}

Np glad you liked it!

