My first wetting (2 wettings)

Author: AudreyLovesPee

*000*2016-01-29 13:35

So this story of s about my very first wetting that started me on my love for wetting.

So when I was 8 my family was going to take a plane ride across the country to see my cousins. Since then is my first post you should know I hate using public bathrooms so before we left for the airport I put on a diaper. Yes I know what kind of an 8 year old wears diapers. Well I have been on planes before and the first time I was on one I think I was 4 so my parents out me in a diaper. So every time after that I have always used a diaper. Although I was wearing it I never actually wet it since those were all short flights.

So back to the story. So after getting ready I headed downstairs to get somthing to eat but my mom said we were gonna stop at McDonalds for breakfast. It was 6 in the morning so I wasn't hungry yet so that was fine with me. We got in the car and headed off. We got to McDonalds and I got some food and a chocolate milk. Once I started drinking it I relized I hadn't gone pee when I woke up this morning. I was already at about 4 at the scale.

We got to the airport and did all the security stuff and by the time we were done with that its was almost 8. Mom said the plane leaves at 8:45 so we had a bit of time to waste. I bought another chocolate milk and 2 bottles of water for the plane. I was really bored waiting for the plane and I didn't do much.

Finally we started boarding the plane and we were one of the first on. When we got to our sets I relized I had drank both the chocolate milk and one of the water bottles. I was up to a 6 on the scale now and we still had a 4 hour flight ahead of us.

When they started serving drinks I of course got one not thinking about how I had to pee.

Half way through the the flight I had already drank the second water bottle and my cup of soda. I was up to a 9 on the scale and I relized of was wiggling in my seat. I started to crash as my legs and that helped for maybe 15 minutes but then I had to stick my hand in my crotch too. Although I had to pee so bad it felt really nice to hold it in.

10 minutes had gone by and I was at a 10 on the scale for sure. I was bouncing in my seat, moving my legs crossing them and I still had my had between my legs. My mom who was seating next to me asked if I was okay. I said yes even though I was clearly not. She asked if I wanted to go to the bathroom and that she would go with me but I Said I was fine. Then she whispered in my ear "did you put on your diaper" and I whispered back yes. She said I could just go in it but I told her I wanted to make it since I hadn't ever needed it before.

Then just 5 minutes later the seat belts sign came on so a buckled it and asked my mom to tighten it. I thought she would pull slowly but she did it rather fast and it pressed down on my bladder. It wasn't to hard but since I was already about to pee myself it pressed really hard.

At that moment I lost control and I started peeing. It was loud but I wasn't sure if my mom could here it or not. I peed for at least 2 minutes and my diaper was completely soaked and extremely full. It felt so nice to be wet and it rubbed against my vagina and made me fell amazing.

Nothing much happened the rest of the flight except for I Drank another water bottle that my mom gave me. we landed and then everyone in my family went to the bathroom except me. It was kind of wired to walk since the diaper was so full but it felt amazing at the same time. We got more water at the airport before we left becuase it was really hot out there. We picked up a rental car which took forever and then we finally got on our way. It had been an hour since our plane landed.

I asked my dad how long is the drive to our cousins house and he said 2 and a half hours. OMG 2.5 hours I didn't know it was that far I thought it was at most an hour. I already was starting to have to pee and I didn't think the diaper could hold much else.

After about an hour and a half I really needed to pee bad. I had drank 2 more water bottle becuase of the heat and that was a bad choice.

There was about an hour of the trip left and I knew I had to hold it. But about 20 minutes later I was at a 10 again. Then we hit a bump and another bump. I started to leak. Every time we hit a bump in the road I would leak. Then we finally got to a smooth part of the road.

5 minutes later we hit another bump it felt like the car flew 10 feet in the air. My pee gushed out and it lasted forever but 30 seconds into in I felt the diaper start to leak out the right side I had to do somthing but I couldn't. My pee just wouldn't stop. Finally after a minute more it stopped. I could feel my crotch was soaked and my bottom was really wet. I was wearing a blue skirt that was soaked on my bottom so I slipped it off but I had on white leggings underneath. Although they didn't look wet you could see the whole back of the diaper through the bottom.

For the rest of the car ride I said nothing and thought about what too do. Thankfully we stopped at a gas station. I went inside to inspect the damage. I decided to take off the diaper and throw it away. Now you could see my bottoms through my leggings but that was better than seeing a diaper through it.

When we arrived at my cousins I quickly went to the back of the car and pulled out a skirt from our suitcase. I slipped it on and went inside to say hello. As soon as we said hello I got some new panties from the suit case. I had to one again by now so I went upstairs to the bathroom. I pulled down my skirt and peeked through my leggings. It felt so nice. Then I slipped off the leggings and put on my new panties and skirt. I hid the leggings under the bed for them to dry.

The rest of the visit was great. If you were wondering I will pee in toilets if they are at my families or friends houses just not in public. Also I had another accident on this trip but that is another story.

Hope you enjoyed sorry it is so long.

*005*2016-02-28 00:54

Thanks for the support on my first post. Purplesmart I drank a lot of water as a kid becuase I was always getting headaches from being dehydrated. So I drank a lot so I wouldn't get them.

*010*2016-03-05 17:53

{{: 

Very nice story, but isnt 10 on the scale "already peeing?"

}}

Yea it probably was more like 9.5 but I peeped my self sons after that anyways.

*013*2016-03-08 21:38

{{: 

Great story! Not too long at all I enjoyed all the details. I would love to hear about the other wetting from that trip. Are you still into wearing diapers now?

}}

Yea I still wear diapers occasionally for fun. I'm 20 now so I don't need them to not wet the bed.

*015*2016-03-14 00:58

{{: 

Great story, I look forward to reading the next one if you post it :)

}}

Thanks gemmy it's really cool that you read my story. I love your stories. Also I posted another a few days ago. Do you think someone has looked at it so it can get posted.

