Wet myself on the school bus

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-12-30 08:41

When I was young, our class went on a trip to Disneyland. When We where about to head back to our school, the staff told us to use the bathroom the bus is not stopping. I tried to be brave and not go to the bathroom, even though i had to pee badly. I have a small bladder and I cant hold it long. One of the staff approached me and said you should go before you get on you dont have a good track record of being able to hold. it I said I was okay then we bored the bus to go back to our class. When the bus took off, I felt like I could make the 30 minute trip back to school, but the problem was their was heavy traffic.

An hour later we where still stuck in traffic and my bladder was so full I was regretting not going before we left. I grabbed myself and leaned forward to try to get comfortible, but I couldnt. All of a sudden my bladder contracted really hard and the pee started coming out into my pants. I couldnt stop my pee from coming out I was wetting myself on the bus. The pee soaked my pants and started leaking on the floor. I started to cry from embarrassment because everyone saw. I couldnt stop myself from peeing myself, it kept coming out uncontrollably. The pee went down my shorts an into my shoe and i had the biggest puddle under me. when My bladder empied I was soaking wet, other students where laughing, I just wanted to disapear.

*002*2017-12-30 14:41

{{1 hour ago, 126 said:

Really sorry, that was so humiliating! Thanks for sharing your experience.

}}

It was super embarrassing when I couldnt get my pee to stop

*004*2017-12-30 14:59

{{13 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

I’m sorry to hear that, but I guess it was pretty irediactavke when you didn’t get in the bus. I’m sure the teachers were expecting it.

}}

I know they where expecting it since I was the kid who always peed their pants in class

