Just did the pee challenge

Author: anonymous guy choc

*000*2012-11-04 17:08

%http://www.misterpoll.com/polls/522622

If you want the link to the challenge.

So, when i started out I barely needed to pee at all. I had just gotten up this morning and felt the need, but I was alone and had time, so I decided to try it.

First challenge: drink 2 cups of water.

Easy as pie. I drank orange juice instead, but same effect really. It caught up with me later though, but that's for then. I drank the juice and watched some hamster alliance, feeling good.

Second Challenge: either wait 30 minutes or get a score of 100,000 points on robot unicorn attack.

I played the game for 30 minutes, never getting the score I needed. I averaged about 30k points, with a highscore of around 38k. It was my first time playing the game, so I didn't do too badly, I think.

Third Challenge: watch a 10-minute video of rain sounds.

I usually don't get affected by these things, but it did make me need to pee a little more. I was fine after the video, and while i was watching it I replied to some roleplays and chatted about bedbugs in the chatroom here.

Fourth Challenge: Relax my bladder muscles for 30 seconds and don'rt hold myself.

It made me feel strange, but not too bad. I liked the feeling, but it felt like if I was desperate, I'd have peed on myself. No big deal yet though, still in the green.

Fifth Challenge: Watch a video of an aquarium.

It was more relaxing than anything else, I liked it. It didn't really affect my need to pee at all though.

Sixth Challenge: drink another 2 glasses of water (in my case, guava nectar.) and repeat a challenge from before.

I didn't quite do this verbatim; see, I had to play with my dog some, so I played fetch with her outside for about 15 minutes. Boy, that made my need go up to about a 5/10. Standing, twisting my body to throw the stick, and being out in the cold wasn't a very good combination, and I could feel the nectar in my stomach, working its way to my bladder. I only counted that as half a challenge, so I also did another 15 minutes of robot unicorn attack. After this I really didn't want to leave my nice soft warm bed where i can sit still.

Seventh Challenge: wait thirty minutes and every 5 minutes, press on your bladder for 10 seconds.

Yikes! My ballder felt like a stone inside me, and every time I pushed on it i could feel the pee trickling down my urethra, but none leaked yet. To further challenge myself, I pressed for 30 seconds at a time and bounced my hands on my distended bladder, sending pulses of desperation down to my groin. I loved it!

Eighth challenge (eighth challenge): 10 minutes of nyan cat.

Nyan!!!!! It was awesome! the wait made me a little more desperate, but I love nyan cat so it's all good.

Ninth Challenge: Stare at a running tap for 5 minutes.

As I watched the tap go, I was dancing around, crossing my legs, and grimacing as I held it in, hen it happened; the first leak. It didn't show up on my jeans, but it was there and damn did it feel good. I leaked again and it showed up as a quarter-sized wet patch on my jeans. It felt soooooo good, but was quickly replenished; I didn't have long at that point and those 5 minutes felt like an eon to me. I dashed back in my room (as I was in the kitchen.) and grabbed myself before filling in my response to the question.

Tenth challenge: 100 jumping jacks.

I was bursting when I did them, and did them all at once. I leaked some near the end and the wet spot on my jeans grew to about a baseball sized patch. I touched it a bit, it felt so nice and warm, and I rubbed my penis through my jeans for a few seconds before another pang of desperation made me stop; I didn't think I was going to make it.

Final Challenge! ;If you did all the challenges from before, just wait 5 more minutes. If you didn't, wait an hour listening to rain sounds.

As the good sport I usually am, I did all the challenges and made it past the 5 minutes relatively dry. No more leaks, and I was done! I made it through the test! But wait, there's more. I wasn't just going to pee in the toilet, that's boring! I stripped out of my jeans (leaking as I did so, just a spurt.) sat on the toilet, and let it go in my underwear (for easy clean-up you see.) It felt soooooooooo amazing, the relief coupled with the warm feeling of wetting yourself on a cold day, it was all too much, and afterwards I let loose another liquid (wink wink, nudge nudge.), feeling just as great as the peeing. I washed out my underwear, changed pants, and sat down to type this story up for you. I hope you had as much fun reading this as I did making it. And if you haven't done this challenge; do it! It's so much fun!

Thank you for reading.

