Squirting and Peeing on my boyfriend's face!!!

Author: Driipdrip

*000*2021-05-14 05:31

I'm pretty sure my bf knows about my pee kink lol. Either that or he's kind of into it himself. Most likely he just figured out I'm into it. I was so scared to let him know because I was embarrassed and thought he would find it gross, so this experience from a couple nights ago is actually kind of amazing to me.

Anyways, this story has lots of explicit sexual details, so if you don't want that then probably go to a different post.

We were having drinks the other night and getting naughty af, and among other fun things we did that weren't squirt/pee related, we DID end up doing something you guys might find interesting.

So like I said, we were pretty drunk and having fun. We were in the middle of having sex when he said he needed to go pee, "hang on a sec." This happens sometimes during sex, he'll have to pee and can't hold it til we're done. He might have peed a little bit in my pussy one time, but that's a different story.

Anyways I kind of had to go too so I just got up and followed him, assuming he'd pee first and then let me go. But this time he stepped back from the toilet and was like, "nah you can go first." We were both naked and he had his dick out right in front of me, so he got me to suck it while I was on the toilet.

The thing was though, it took me a moment before I could let go, mainly because he was watching (and because I was trying to suck dick at the same time lol ). But then I started peeing and he kinda moaned and went "Ugh that's so fucking hot..."

I stopped peeing after a bit even though I knew my bladder wasn't totally empty yet. It's just harder than I thought to go pee when someone is right there in front of me! I got up and he immediately started playing with my pussy, still dripping with pee, while I washed my hands. He peed quick and then bent me over the sink counter.

Here's the part where I pee on his face!

Normally during rough sex, I will squirt if he fucks me hard and pulls out really fast. And my bladder still had some pee in it. Well. I was spraying like a goddamn FOUNTAIN all over his dick, my legs, and the floor. After a few times, he would pull out and put his face down by my pussy so that I could spray all over it. He had to have known there was SOME pee involved. And he loved it, all over his face. He was soaked!

We had to have a shower after that, even though I already gave him one!

