It was in the back of my mind

Author: Mel

*000*2011-11-02 03:00

(The urge never totally disappeared from me, I was with my legs crossed the whole time and my paper just kinda took a lot away from the urge)

When I was about 15, I was a real procrastinator. We had this HUGE essay due in English, and I hadn't even started. I spent most of the day doing it. I knew getting a bad grade would totally destroy my grade, so I put everything else in the back of my mind. Now, when I was in school, I would usually pee in the morning and again when I got back but not at all during school (it wasn't "cool" to use the bathroom) This day was different, however, and I went straight to my homework without going to the bathroom. I knew I had to pee pretty bad, but I was zoned on my paper and nothing else. During dinner I got the urge, so I figured I'd stop for a quick break before going back. My dad was in the bathroom, and he could take up to 30 minutes it there (seriously!). I didn't have that kind of time, so I went back to my paper.

I finished a while later (9-10 PM) and just relaxed at the though of finishing it. It was a really bad move. Almost immediately a wave of desperation surged through my bladder, catching me off guard and making me pee full force for about 2 seconds before I could stop. I gasped and started to dash up the stairs to the bathroom. The pain was unbearable, and it forced me to stop to regain my composure. I felt myself start to leak as I walked towards my bathroom. I was almost there when a huge wave finally broke me. My bladder starting emptying, soaking my pj's and running down my legs into a huge puddle. I started to cry thinking of how a 15 year old girl could just totally pee herself at her own house.

Both of my parents were downstairs so I cleaned the puddle and just decided to throw out my wet clothes, there was no way I could wash them without getting caught. But there was something different about this wetting. I had this at the time strange feeling I enjoyed it. I hadn't thrown away my clothes yet and I already had to pee again. Knowing my parents would be downstairs for a while, I went downstairs to grab a quick drink. I waited a little bit, and with what was left in my bladder plus that I decided to try to pee some more. I cleaned up most of the puddle, but some of it was left so I stood in it and just tried to pee. After about 5 minutes of relaxing and pushing down on my bladder I finally let loose. It was a small pee, but it felt good to do it. I finished cleaning up and thought about my experience, and eventually decided I ought to try something like it more often.

