The time I almost peed myself before a concert

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2019-07-26 04:19

Ok so this happen about 2 months ago while going to a concert.

Now I left the house with my parents and headed off. When I left home I felt a very small twinkle in my bladder which I payed little mind to. On our way we ended up in traffic. In the traffic I was talking to my parents about the main artist that was performing that night I guess I was so caught up in the conversation that I never felt the need in my bladder until we go close to the stadium. The place was ramed pack so we had to pack at the far end of the stadium. My stepmom thought it would have been a good idea for us to get out and wait for dad at the end for the parking lot so that’s what we did. It was at this time I realized my need for the bathroom was urgent it was all that was going though my head I couldn’t even stand still for to long I was busting but doing everything in my power not to make it seem that way finally my dad came back and we where in our way.

In my head I thought finally I’ll get to go in then I’ll get to pee. I was so wrong apparently my parents had VIP tickets and enter at a closer point in the stadium while I had to go all the around and use the other entrance. So with my bladder begging for relief I told them see you when the show is over and started walking. Now the far entrance isn’t that far probably and 5-10 minutes of walking but when your bladder is full it feels a whole lot different.

While walking I desperately looked for somewhere to pee but the place was just to well lit up and had to many people around so I just had to hold it. After the walk I still have to wait 15 minutes to get searched by security then wait in another line to get in. All the while trying to keep my composure which I believe i was doing well but I had to mover a little while in the lines tho. Finally I got in and all that on my mind is the bathroom then I see it the bathroom sign turns out to be a women’s bathroom I pasted three lady’s bathroom before finally reaching the men’s bathroom. At this put I could feel spurts of pee forcing its way out of me. When I got in I went for the first urinal and let go the pee that need to come out it felt so good.

That night I saw a few others good sighting but nothing that much

Hope you enjoyed

