Peed My Pants Tonight (male)

Author: SomeNewGuy

*000*2019-07-17 04:35

I was out this evening and I had to pee really bad. So of course I did not go to the bathroom. I just really felt like pissing in my pants. I decided to head home, and because I had to pee so bad, I barely made it home in time. Once in my apartment, I decided to put on a pair of old shorts and make a video of myself peeing my pants in the shower. And by the time I got into the shower, there was already a little bit of a wet spot on my shorts. That was actually rather fitting, as I was wearing the very same shorts in which I had once accidentally wet myself in public.

This ocurred quite some time ago, when I lived in a different town. I was at a mall about 70 miles away from where I lived. I had drunk a good amount of coffee that day, and by the time I arrived at the mall, I already had to pee pretty badly. But since I love being desperate to pee in public, I decided that I was just going to keep walking around the mall and not go to the bathroom until the very last second. I really really did not want to piss in my pants though, since the mall was packed and there was a chance that someone I know might be there. Also, the shorts are light colored, so if I wet my pants it would ve very ovvious to everyone.

Even though I had reached the point where it was pretty much necessary to get to a bathroom in order to avoid having an accident, I was having fun by not letting myself go into a bathroom until I walked all throughout one store or another, or get all the way to the other end of the mall. But once 

IMG_2656.MOV

I had  completed one assigned task, totally desperate to pee and needing to get to a bathroom right away, I would decide to assign myself another task, knowing full well that I was on the verge of having an accident while at the same time I absolutely did not want to wet my light colored shorts in such a crowded place. Well, I was in the middle of walking through a department store, excited about having to pee so very badly in public, when I just could not hold it in anymore, and I began to piss my pants right there in the store. 

I was able to stop after a few seconds, and then rushed off to the bathroom in order to finish peeing in the urinal. But the very noticeable wet patch on my light colored shorts made it totally obvious to everyone I passed that I had pissed in my pants. The long walk through the mall to get back to my car was definitely one of my most embarrassing experiences ever. I heard quite a few comments like, "Check it out. That guy pissed in his pants." Yet despite feeling somewhat humiliated, I also felt very excited, and loved all the women noticing that I had peed in my pants.

And here's a video of me pissing in those very same shorts this evening.

