Public gas station wetting

Author: jiffyomo

*000*2017-07-19 18:37

A small backstory here, I'm currently in a rental car because my vehicle is being repaired. My driver window broke and my insurance company is footing the bill.

Anwyay,

This morning I woke up at a solid 7... It's my day off, but my wife needed to get to work. I threw on some plaid pajama pants (nothing underneath) and we got in the car and headed out. Traffic wasn't too bad, but there was still a fair amount... each bump felt like a kick in the bladder, and I leaked a few times in to my pajama pants as we made our way to her work. I felt the wet spot getting bigger, and bigger... fortunately the plaid pattern on these pants concealed it very well.... but it was torturous. In any case, it came time to refill the fuel tank back to what I got the car with because I'm expecting to return it today. I had to pee. I HAD TO. I pulled in to a near by gas station and chose a pump that was off to the side a bit.

Leaking, I put the fuel nozzle in the car and began to pump. I needed only three gallons. I decided I would pee during the time I took to fill the tank with three gallons of gas. As soon as the pump started I lost it and started peeing. It was a lot... I mean a LOT. I peed during the entire three gallon time period. It was glorious. There I was at a gas station in public just flooding my pajama pants... wow. When I hit three gallons I stopped the pump, and threw my hands in between my legs to stop the flow. Fortunately I was able to get it to stop a couple seconds later. I looked around and there was someone about 10 yards away at another pump filling their tank, but I guess they didn't see or hear anything. Whew...

I got back in the car and headed back home. I ran inside and locked the door behind me. I was spurting all the way to the bathroom and knew I would not make it to the toilet, so I ran in to the shower and just let go... I was absolutely soaked already, but I was getting more soaked. I think I peed for a solid 45 seconds in my pants, but I didn't care because it felt SO good....and I was super turned on. I sat in the shower soaked, took advantage of the fly on my pants and finished off the experience in the best way I could think of. This was the first good, fun wetting experience I'd had in a long time, and I enjoyed it so much I plan on doing a public wetting more frequently in those pants since it appears that I can get away with it fairly easily. Thank goodness for plaid!

Best.

*001*2017-07-19 20:31

Quick update, I'm still at home alone and I had to pee really bad again so I put these already wet pants back on and re wet them. Here is a photo for your enjoyment.

$$

