My first real wetting

Author: twelve

*000*2016-02-25 03:29

I'm new to the forum, though Ive been on this site a lot. This is the first time ive ever shared an experience.

Ever since finding omorashi and learning more about it, ive had a burning urge to try it. However, Im just a teenager still living at home, and I know my parents would approve. So, I have to do it only when they're not around, and today was the first time i got the chance and felt brave enough to wet myself.

I'd been drinking lots of fluids and using the bathroom often all day, and I planned on wetting myself while my mom left to pick up my dad. As soon as she left, I drank about another 48oz of water and a cup of tea. I put on three pairs of underwear to make it feel like I was wearing a diaper, then put my jeans back on and hung out for a little while on my computer. I made sure the outer pair was light grey so I'd be able to clearly see the damage. ;). 

I started to feel the urge somewhat, but only had about fifteen minutes before my parents got home, so I decided to do it. I went upstairs, and decided against soaking my jeans to (I wish I did now), and sat on the toilet in my underwear. I held it in for about another half-minute, savouring the pressure in my bladder, then completely relaxed as warm piss flooded out. The warm wetness spread all around my crotch and up my rear as I emptied it all. I sighed contentedly as I sat for a few minutes in my sopping-wet underwear, before taking them into the hamper, drying off, and putting on fresh underwear.

That night as I took my shower, I got to indulge in one of my favourite wettting activities. I turned the water and bath-fan on, undressed, then got into the stall. I sat naked in the tub in a fetal position with my legs firmly against my chest and my manhood in-between. I was really feeling the urge from all the water before, so I just relaxed. The piss filled up the space between my legs and chest, then spilled over between my knees. I stood up slowly, warm piss flowing over everthing below my chest, and looked down and smiled.

As I write this, I'm lying in bed with a very strong urge to pee. I really want to just wait til it's unbearable, experience that glorious "oh-no" sensation as my body gives up, then feel the magnificient warmth of piss inexorably spreading all around my crotch, pajamas, and sheets and the relief of my bladder emptying. However, since I'd never be able to explain my half-soaked mattress (trust me, I can hold a LOT), I know I'll have to let it all out in the toilet :(. If I could, I wouldn't even wear a diaper, just wet myself and whatever im setting or standing on whenever (Id drink enough that there wouldn't be a smell)

Hope you enjoyed it, let me know if you want to hear any of my messing stories too.

