A Desperate Snow Day

Author: bdp

*000*2016-02-10 23:52

I am feeling like I need to do a hold today. I am snowed in reading and drinking some coffee currently. I just downed 24Oz of water along with my second cup of coffee for the day, and I plan to sip on a large glass of water consistently while I read. Each hour that passes I will down another 24Oz in hopes I will get desperate enough to actually have an accident for the first time.

I am thinking about posting it as my first wetting video as well but I am pretty nervous about it.

Feeling mostly excited right now and my need is pretty low, but that will be changing over the next few hours I'm sure. I will keep you updated as my situition changes.

Update 1: Feeling kind of like a chump right now haha I'm only 30 mins into this hold and I can feel my bladder filling up already! This coffee must be expiditing things a bit. I have now downed 3 more 12oz glasses of water.

Update 2: I can feel that a great deal of pain is on the horizon. It's almost as if all of this water I drank is just hovering waiting to drop into my bladder. I honestly don't know if I am ready for that. My bladder is sure to be screaming for relief within the next 40 minutes if not sooner, but I must press on. I can't even focus on reading right now. As I type this my hour marker just rang and my bladder shuddered at the sound. Even IT knows it can't take much more of this.

Update 3: At this point I am starting to get a little desperate. My whole body starts to tremble a little with every passing wave of desperation. The tip of my cock is tingling with anticipation. I almost want to hold myself at this point to avoid any leakage on my mother's couch, but I won't do that yet. I have been on road trips and been this desperate for longer periods without holding myself.

Final update: after two hours of constant water chugging and desperation. I finally decided I would have one more glass and wait. I got up from the couch and could barely stand, hunching over I could feel the pressure was really more serious than I expected. My bladder was rock hard and I knew I didn't have much time. I ran to my bathroom hunched over nearly squirting with each step I took. As I hopped in the tub I felt like my bladder was about to pop inside me and bathe my organs in hot pee. 

I mangaged to take a seat hoping it would relieve a little pressure (it didnt) my hand gripped my cock hard trying to wait for the moment my body had no choice but to surrender. I dared myself to turn on the faucet but as I let my hand off a wave of desperation hit me. I placed my hand back, gripping even harder this time. I let out a whimper as an involuntary contraction of my bladder forced a loud fart out of me and along with it a hard steady stream of piss exited my body filling my jeans. I stood there helplessly as my rock of a bladder slowly drained and hissed into my jeans.

I was so turned on after this I hopped into the shower and jacked myself off like a mad man. I even got a little frisky on the back end which I rarely explore and I came so hard I collapsed onto the tile seat in my shower. Who knew being snowed in could be so pleasureable?

Video coming soon (the shower bit was not filmed)

