Desperate on a road trip

Author: astralis

*000*2021-03-20 05:13

This happened in 2017 when I went on a road trip to visit a friend in another state. The drive was about 15 hours one way and I have a thing about making a road trip all in one go, so I got an early start (it was about 7 a.m. when I left my house). I pissed at a gas station a couple hours later, no desperation, just to go and to call my parents and let them know I was doing okay so far. Maybe three hours after that, I started noticing my bladder getting full and straining against the seatbelt. 

I have no idea why I suddenly went from 2/10 to like, 8/10 in the space of about ten minutes, because I wasn't even hydrating, I hadn't eaten or drank anything since leaving my house! But as it got closer to 11 a.m. or so I started really needing to go. I was alone and I utilized it as much as I could, gripping myself and squirming in the driver's seat, muttering to myself about how bad I had to go. I took the next exit ramp and almost immediately found a business. I pulled into the parking lot and got out of the car. My bladder was super swollen and heavy and I had to walk kind of hunched over; I'm sure everyone in the shop saw how desperate I was, but I didn't care. I went to one of the people behind the desks and said, "Can I use your bathroom, please?"

She glanced over at one of her coworkers. "Well... it's not really for the public," she said, and I thought, oh no, but then she said, "But I guess it's okay this time." I'm not sure if it was because she saw how I was squeezing my thighs together or if it was because there weren't many people in the store, but I didn't care; I thanked her and rushed into the employees' bathroom in the back. I tugged my jeans down to my knees as fast as I could, sat on the toilet, and let out a long, heavy stream, finally relieving my poor, bursting bladder. The rest of the trip there and back was uneventful in the pee department, but I sure wish I knew what happened to make me so desperate so quickly!

*002*2021-03-29 01:27

{{7 hours ago, sammilove said:

So I used to work for a company that had a no public restroom policy due to Covid. Personally, it didn’t matter to me one way or the other. But a lot of my coworkers took it super serious and would always deny people if they asked. I remember this couple (maybe late teens early 20s) came in and walked around for a few minutes before I heard them chatting about how badly the girl needed to pee. She said it was an emergency. I never saw any signs of desperation while they shopped.

Maybe 10 minutes later or so, the girl came to the counter and said something like “I know you’re bathroom is employees only but I REALLY have to go and I don’t think I can make it to Walmart to go. May I please use the restroom here?” She asked. She looked kinda red and embarrassed for even asking. I of course said I didn’t mind as I was the only one there. I always wondered what would’ve happened if I had said no but I would’ve felt awful if the poor girl had an accident. I forgot all about this incident until now.

}}

Ahh, thanks for this very welcome addition to my post! She must've really needed it if she said it like that to you, that's awesome you got to witness it. And kudos for being nice about letting her go.

