The Long Drive Home

Author: ellemenopee

*000*2012-09-07 00:35

I received such nice comments on my other story, I decided to try my hand at another. =) Also, I just sold the car (the co-star of this story) a few weeks ago. She was my first, and I loved her. Baja, baby, this is for you! [Everyone else, feel free to judge me. ]

Again, I'll start with a little background. If you prefer to skip straight to the desperation, scroll down to the ALL CAPS HINTING!

The first semester of my senior year of high school was a busy one. Anyone who's read my last story may have guessed by now I'm something of an academic. Not necessarily by choice – I've never been a good student, by any stretch of the imagination. I just happen to be passably smart and have super-driven-immigrant-turned-doctor parents. Any first generation American students will probably understand this. The point is I spent a lot of time working school stuff, both during, and after school hours.

This included a number of extra curricular activities, in particular dance, acting, and singing. I was in basic choir all four years of high school, and competition choir for the last three years. Since the latter counted as an extra school course, I was behind on some of my classes when it came time for graduation, and had to take a practical course (computer, in this case) at the local community college.

I was pretty 'eh' on the whole matter. Part of me said, 'Whatever, it's a computer class. I'll be learning how to use the internet to search for chicken pot pie recipes.' Another part of me said, 'It's my senior year, and I'm spending my nights (after choir practice, and before theater rehearsals) in a chilly classroom full of middle age men who don't know what flash drives are.'

In any case, I sucked it up (or was forced to), and made the trip out. The class was...well, we spent the first day learning how to safely turn on a computer. Completely understandable for a generation who had missed out on that, but I was born in '89. I grew up on the internet, so I spent the majority of my class time playing forum roleplays.

The second night I was there, the older gentleman (early 60s, maybe) seated next to me started asking questions. I couldn't just not tell him how to turn on his monitor, but it seemed that small instruction opened the flood gates, and suddenly we were the best of friends. This was back in my cripplingly shy days, so the fact that I was chatting in such a...friendly manner with a man who could have been my grandfather was strange for me. It was made stranger still by the fact that when I left that evening, he offered me a ride home.

Now, it's entirely possible he was just being sincere, but some of his gestures had been just a little too friendly, so I politely declined and quickly headed toward my car. And that's how things went for some time – class would finish, and I would hightail it out of there to avoid talking to him. In the class of about 40 people, I was, at seventeen, easily the youngest by at least ten years, so there wasn't a whole lot to be done for it.

A few weeks before Christmas, I started chugging coffee and other caffeinated drinks with an unhealthy fervor. Finals were approaching, as well as a Christmas concert, and Christmas dance recital, a Christmas musical, and a performance for a piano class. In addition to the holiday and its festivities, both my brother and I were trying to incorporate birthday plans (he was to turn 15 on the 15th of December; I was turning 18 on the 24th), while also balancing school things. I've always been a multitasker, but I'd taken to coffee just to keep on my toes.

This particular evening, I was coming from a dance rehearsal, meaning I had a half hour commute, which was plenty of time to chug a 30oz iced coffee on an empty stomach. The water bottle I saved for class, when I knew the caffeine would have me feeling thirsty.

DESPERATION STARTS HERE!

Having gone straight from school to dance, and back to class, I hadn't gone to the bathroom since lunch time that day; the computer class started around 8pm, but I wasn't too worried, since aside from the coffee, I hadn't had anything but a soda, and some more coffee that morning (I should mention I drank a LOT of coffee back then. Still do. Bad habit for which I feel no shame). I sipped the water bottle throughout the two hour class, without feeling much but a small twinge, which I ignored, because I was already the youngest in the class, and didn't want to make myself any more known by having to leave in the middle of lecture. As class went on, it went from a twinge to a gentle reminder. Sort of a, "Hey, Iz. You should go use the rest room now."

I crossed my legs and ignored it. My creepy older friend from before was sitting next to the door, and there was no way I'd be able to get past him without starting a conversation. Besides, I had the feeling that if I tried to stand, I'd end up doing a subtle 'potty dance', and that was the absolute last thing I wanted this guy to witness.

Half an hour later, at the end of class, I was jiggling my leg as I packed up my stuff. I hurriedly shut of my computer and headed for the door, determined not to talk to anyone, as I was pretty sure I wouldn't have been able to stand still. It wasn't until I got to the door of the classroom, I realized I had no idea where the bathroom was. 22-year-old Izzy would have just asked. 17-year-old Izzy saw too-friendly guy heading toward her and bolted.

It was a twenty minute ride back home where I could relieve myself in peace. I could make it.

And relief it would be. I'd finished my water bottle without thinking, and the absurd amount of caffeine I'd taken in that day was wreaking havoc on my bladder. Since I was still at the college, I couldn't very well hold myseld, though now that I was up, it was all I wanted to do. Instead, I hunched over slightly and sort of hobbled to my car, giving Mr. Too-Friendly a strained smile as I passed him and headed toward my car.

Sometime in there, my desperation went from 6 to 8. As soon as I sat down, I rammed one hand into my crotch and leaned forward so fast, I almost brained myself on my steering wheel. I seriously considered going back inside, but I was a) too afraid I'd leak if I stood up, and B) mortified at the idea of having to go back into the building just to ask where the bathroom was.

I sat and rocked and just sort of squeezed for a few minutes, knowing I couldn't go back inside, knowing I could make it to home if I just found a comfortable position. The pressure was getting a bit painful, and my muscles, yet untrained in this sort of thing (but remembering the ACT torture) were not game to play. I couldn't fold my legs, since I was supposed to be driving, so I kept my hand in my crotch as I started up the car. It was late, and my house was a ways away, but the roads were almost empty at this time of night (10pm, and the college was on the other side of town from my place, between which lay a good deal of undisturbed country road). I could speed and cut my time down to fifteen minutes.

As soon as I pulled out an onto the road, though, the control I had managed to regain shattered, and I absolutely knew there was no way I was going to make it home. It was too late to turn back – if I stood, I'd lose it for sure – but I couldn't keep driving either. At this point, my attention was completely on my aching bladder, and I was a new enough driver that it would be dangerous to try and make it.

At first, I only thought about wetting. I was seventeen, after all, a senior in high school and way too old for that sort of thing. And what would I tell my parents? My next thought was of heading to a gas station, but the closest one was at least ten minutes away, and as my bladder contracted in protest, I moaned and hunched over, eager to relieve myself as soon as possible.

I was just thinking I'd give up and turn around when a car pulled out in front of me. I put my foot on the break instinctively, and managed to avoid collision – but at the cost of jolting my bladder. Between the surprise of the car and the sudden movement, I spurted suddenly into my leggings and shorts (as I'd just come from dance).

I froze. No. No. No, this couldn't be happening now. No –

But my bladder had been stretched to its limits, and once my body got a taste of relief, it wanted more. I sat there, clenching, fighting, trying to hold back the flood, but there was no stopping it. It soaked through my clothes at an impossibly fast rate, and even as I tried to hold back, the relief was so amazing, I couldn't help but moan. The other car had pulled away, so I was just sitting there in the middle of the road, a few feet from a stop sign, peeing uncontrollably and moaning in the dark. I forgot about what I'd tell my parents, and what it meant to be seventeen and having an accident, and lost myself in the relief of the moment.

By the time I stopped, both me and the carseat were soaked. I just kind of sat there, dumbfounded for a minute, before it occurred to me that I was still on the road, and really should be moving to avoid suspicion. I pulled up to the stop sign, turned on the radio, sighed, and started laughing.

The trip back was a much more pleasant experience.

Once I got home, I snuck into the garage, found some leather cleaner, and fixed up my car, glad none of it had gotten onto the carpet. Next, I rinsed myself with the hose before going inside to face my mother. This is where the acting part came in. =)

"What happened?" she asked, clearly aghast at my soaked appearance from the waist down.

I made a face somewhere between shame and pity-me. "I slipped in the mud on the way to my car. The college classrooms all close at ten, and they turned out the lights on me, so I just – "

"Aw, poor thing! That's dangerous, they really shouldn't..." She was saying other things, but I knew since I'd triggered maternal instinct (she hated me driving country roads so 'late' at night), I'd be okay.

I threw my clothes in the wash, hopped in the shower, and almost immediately started thinking whether it was weird that I'd enjoyed the whole ordeal as much as I had.

FIN

*005*2012-09-08 20:01

Thank you so much, all! This was a lot of fun to write, so I'm glad you enjoy it. =)

*011*2012-09-11 05:54

Thank you all very much for reading/commenting!

The way things are going, I'll have to try this again. I wonder if my mom'll buy the 'slipped in the mud' story five years later in the dead of summer...?

