Sunny Side Up

Author: ElleEnchanted

*000*2015-10-24 18:31

Today I had a little 'accident' and I thought I'd share it to you :)

It was a chilly morning. I was in my pink panties and had a grey shirt on. My brother was out of town so that meant I had the house all to myself. My lips were dry, considering I jogged yesterday and didn't drink any water afterwards.

I went into my kitchen and saw twelve plastic bottle on the countertop filled with water. I was so dehydrated that I couldn't even swallow. Before taking a plastic bottle I have some food to my new dog, Gumi. As Gumi ate I drank two bottles of water. She pleaded me for more so the more she ate, the more water I drank. I only had one bottle left and I Decided to leave it for later.

I got dressed into my sky blue jeans, goes well with a wetting, and my beige long sleeved shirt. I put a lot of thought into what I wear on a daily basis, because I never know when a nice wetting will come along.

It was only 7:36 in the morning and it usually never is this cold. Winter must be upon us. I sat down on my white leather couch for maybe fifteen minutes while texting on my phone when I felt something. A tingle in my bladder. To make my day even better, Gumi sat down on my bladder just at that very moment.

I ignored it. I thought if I didn't think about it, I wouldn't be so desperate...I was wrong. No matter how hard I tried to forget it, my bladder didn't let me. Even though I was in a bit of pain, it felt super good. So now I was super grateful I didn't drink that last bottle. Very naughty me decided we were going to have some fun and when I feel like it's going to come out, I drink it all.

That moment didn't come to soon. I started walking around desperately around the house. I crossed my legs and shifted weight constantly. As I walked around, I leaned over crossing my legs on my dining table.

This is time I had to holding my crotch. The pain was strong, but the desperation was real. My stomach was empty, so I decided to distract myself by making breakfast. Eggs, sunny side up, just the way I like it.

It took my only ten minutes, but those ten minutes I suffered with pain. I put the plate on my table and- wait, I feel it coming! I quickly grabbed the water bottle and drank it all. My last few gulps, my finger became damp and a stream of pee came out. Soon, I held my pee back in- but failed and a huge gush of pee, the same color of the yolk in my eggs, came out predictedly.

A giant ant puddle laid on the floor and I examined my wet, pink panties. "Cute," I Joked. I didn't clean myself or floor until later at 1, but this wetting was unforgettable.

*002*2015-10-26 01:31

{{: 

Very nice experience~

That's a lot of water you drank! XD

}}

Haha thanks Yeah, I was very thirsty.

