Road Trip Desperation

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-07-05 03:41

I got in a sticky situation the other day. I was out on a road trip with two friends, and this happened on the last day coming back. We were all ready to get home, so it was kind of unsaid that there wouldn't be any stops. And being stupid me, decided not to go on a bathroom break before leaving.

11:45 I was in the back seat and the other 2 up front. We had a nice conversation going on, but as my bladder got tighter I put on my headphones to concentrate.

For reference, we left at 11:30 and were expected to be home at around 3:30.

12:00- by noon, my small urge had become more of a need. but there was no point in stopping a good flowing trip on the interstate for a little pee break.

12:22- my bladder gave a good hard squeeze. making me cross my legs. i bounced up and down a little, returning to me phone.

12:50- I didn't think I could make it home. what had start as a 3, grew to a 6 in less than a hour. I would mention my need in a little bit toward the next town.

1:34- My thighs were numb from the pressure on them, so i uncrossed my legs. Putting my hands on the seat on each side of my legs. I scooted my butt toward the center while straightening my back to help bear down on the seat.

1:50- the town was coming up. "As long as you don't need anything we are going to go ahead and pass," She chimed.

I gulped nervously, "I need to get something to drink ,I'm out of mine," I said. Kind of embarassed and too pee shy to really let on what was happening.

"Oh," She replied, "well theres a tiny little one stop shop store up the road a bit. Its out of the traffic. Will that work?"

"yea, sure," I hoped they had a bathroom.

2:08- I was standing at the back of this store, that had no bathroom, with a need of 7, and twisting my legs around one another. I had half the mind to pee around the corner of the store.

My need was getting to bad to ignore. As I checked out I couldn't be still.

"You all right hun?" the lady asked.

I froze, "ye," I let out gasping a little as the pee that just trickled out, "I'm alright."

"If you need the bathroom we don't have one. but the place down the road about 5 miles has a toilet."

All this talk of bathrooms and I could feel more on the brink.

I got out of there as soon as possible, loosing just a tiny bit more.

2:37

My bladder was giving me fits, it constantly tried to shove more out. I had managed to only let a couple more little leaks out though.

On one particularly painful spasm, I roughly shoved my hands into my crotch. Doing my best to get my bearrings.

I then took a deep breath and released trying to regain composure. Second by second I was getting more desperate and less shy. I didn't know these people that well, but man I had to go.

"Can, uh, is, I really need to use the restroom," I squeaked out a few octaves to high, almost cringing at my voice.

"I'll look for somewhere to stop that won't be too far off, but my be a bit though. We are going through a stretch," The driver answered.

"I think when you find it I will go too," The passenger replied, "I've needed to for a bit."

I smiled at the thought of someone else also needing to go, and then bounced up and down even more as I noticed how wet my underwear were.

I crossed my ankles and sqeezed my legs together hoping that would be enough.

2:50

We are still around 10 minutes away from anywhere close to a store.

I'm having to sit straight back arched to make pressure. My thighs stiched togehter. and even then the need is powerfully strong. My hands are gripping near my knees so that they won't automatically dart to my crotch. I'm trying to be bold, and also not openly dispaly my need too much.

My bladder muscles are starting to tire out, spasming and pulsating. Each throb my sphincter opens just enough to feel the tip of the liquids but manages to keep them confined, in their home, where they belong. Not out here, on my pants, and in the seat.

The thought of letting go is so appealing my bladder manages to even before I can think.

If we don't find a bathroom soon....

3:00

I called dibs. I called dibs. I'm in, I let out a giant sigh of relief as the pent of liquid floods out. At least the end of this trip will be peaceful.

