Woke up and wet

Author: Drakon

*000*2020-01-29 11:43

Last night I was worried that my weakened bladder (from a hold earlier in the day) might cause me to wet my bed, so I decided it would be best to only wear panties and a shirt to bed so there would be less cleanup. After finishing a can of root beer, I promptly fell asleep around 8:00 pm.

A little after midnight I woke up with the most extreme feeling of desperation, a good 9/10. It took everything in me not to squeal (because I didn’t want to wake anyone up). Panicked, I rushed out of bed and immediately began leaking. A large spurt dampened the gusset of my pink panties and dribbled down my leg (which kinda tickled which didn’t really help. Also it’s a bit chilly and I wasn’t wearing socks... soo cold!). I hobbled my way to the bathroom, leaving a small trail of pee in my wake. However, as I was about to step into the bathroom, my bladder decided it was too tired, and I started to forcefully pee myself. I stood there for a second trying to regain control, but my bladder wasn’t having any of it. After realizing this, I dashed into the bathroom, closed the door, and as I was soaking my bathroom rug I sat on the toilet (getting some on the seat too...). There was definitely not enough time to lower my already soaked panties!

I quickly finished up and decided to inspect the damage. The entire gusset of my pink panties were an obviously much darker, almost red color. The wetness had travelled a bit up my backside since I sat on the toilet, and holding myself on the way must be why some wetness travelled up the front a bit.

There wasn’t much I could do about my panties. I stood up and felt dribbles stream down my leg onto the rug. To try and cleanup I used a towel in the bathroom and discreetly wiped up my trail (and tiny puddle outside the door).

I quietly made my way back to my room, and hopped back into bed with the same panties on for two reasons:

1: There was a possibility I could still wet the bed

2: I share a room with my sister and my dresser drawers are super loud when they open, and I didn’t want to risk waking her up. I could only imagine “why are you getting changed at midnight?”

I’m writing this several hours later after I woke up again, and my bed is still dry (yay!), and my pink panties have since dried.

