[Male] A Short Walk

Author: shinobi

*000*2021-06-28 20:09

Hello again, everyone! I've been writing down one of my stories again, but wanted to share one since it has been a while. Plus, maybe it will inspire me to stick with and finish one story! Anyway, hope you all enjoy!

This story happened a while ago with my ex, actually, who sort of accidentally found out that I was into omo – but that’s a story for another time. I was surprised that he was more than willing to indulge, and before I knew it, we had planned a night to play around. It was a Friday, and we were texting all day, mostly him telling me to keep drinking and me asking to use the toilet. He occasionally let me, after he felt like I had waited in pain long enough, but always told me I had to drink more afterwards.

After I was done with classes and work for the day, probably around 4 or 5, I got one more text from him: “No more bathroom”. I felt my stomach knot in anticipation, knowing we were actually doing this, I was going to hold it for him.

“Yes sir,” was all I could think to text back. I got back in my car and drove home, and by the time I was home, I’d gotten another text from him. This one was him telling me to drink two liters of water in the next hour, and that he’d be over by about 8:30 PM. I was definitely worried about this, since after drinking steadily all day, I’d basically been doing a mild version of the rapid desperation challenge, though I didn’t know about that challenge at the time. I just knew that I was having to pee quicker and quicker every time.

I had a while to wait, though, and took the chance to change my shirt. I was wearing light blue well-fitting jeans (my usual), kind of thick ones I remember, one of my favorite pairs of baby blue briefs, an orange t-shirt, and I think I ended up putting on blue sneakers, but I wasn’t wearing them just yet – I was just walking around the house drinking water. I took my time, knowing I could end up in trouble if I didn’t, but I made sure to finish on time and tell my boyfriend. He told me to drink another liter, 500mL every 45 minutes, until he was there. I put it off as long as I can so that I’d be in as little pain as possible by the time he got to my apartment.

Finally, he showed up a little bit after 8:30. I was jiggling my leg by then – probably a 7 out of 10. He came in wearing a black t-shirt, tight light blue jeans similar to mine, and tennis shoes. I remember he had a backpack with him as well.

“Yes!” I jumped up to meet him, “Finally!” I basically jumped on him and started making out with him as soon as he shut the door. He was happy to do the same, and turned me around and pinned me against the wall. “Can I please pee now?” I asked him.

“Hmm,” he pretended to think about it a little, “nope, not yet. We’ve got a few things to do first,” he said suggestively. He took me to my room and we made out for a while, which was both painful and enjoyable with my full bladder. I won’t go into details – I’m not sure if people would mind, but this is an omo forum after all! – but afterwards, he took me out to the living room and told me to put on my shoes.

“Are we… Are we going outside?” I asked nervously.

“Just for a little while, you’ll be fine,” he said. I remember distinctly assuming that we were just going to his car, but I don’t know why I thought that. I got my wallet, keys and phone and the like, and we stepped outside. He got his backpack and waited as I locked the door, and I did a bit of a pee dance as I messed with the keys. Once I was done and turned around, my boyfriend moved forward and pinned me against the door again to make out. I was distracted by the kissing, and my bladder, and didn’t notice him taking my keys from me until he was done. I moved to take them back, but he pulled them away. “Ah ah ah,” he said, “you don’t get these back just yet.” He reached into his bag and pulled out another bottle of water. “Here,” he handed it to me.

My stomach dropped again. “What do you mean? Can I have my keys?”

He shook the water, “I’ve got two of these in here, and you’re not getting your keys back until they’re finished.” He handed it out to me again.

My stomach knotted, and I reached out and took the bottle from him.

“Come on,” he said, “lets walk around while you drink.” The apartment complex I was in at the time was basically a long oval road with apartment buildings on the sides and middle, with mailboxes on the north side and a little residential back road coming off of the south side. He took me off in the direction with the back road. I was always nervous about being desperate in public, and I was definitely nervous now. I knew my walking was probably weird, and I was hunched over to keep the pressure on my bladder from getting too strong. “Everything okay?” my boyfriend asked me and looked me up and down.

“No,” I admitted, “it’s chilly, and I’ve gotta pee.”

“I was talking about the water,” he said. “It’s not going to drink itself, and we’re not going back inside until it’s gone!”

I groaned, but I opened and chugged the bottle. Best to get it over with before everything else catches up with me, I thought. I asked him for the second one, but he said he’d get it later, after we walked around for a while. I asked him to give me the other bottle right now, so I could just finish it off, but he said no – I shouldn’t drink so much so quickly.

Suddenly, as we were walking along the oval, we saw a pair of headlights turn towards us. “Stand up,” my boyfriend grabbed my shoulder and pulled me up, “and walk right! You don’t want anyone to know you’ve gotta go, do you?”

“No,” I said in a strained voice, and I tried to straighten up. Wow, did that make everything worse! I moved my right hand to go into my pocket, but my boyfriend looped his arm around mine and pulled my arm out of my pocket to hold my hand.

“Don’t grab yourself in front of other people,” he said, “that’s gross!”

I whimpered, and as we started to reach the north end of the oval, I kind of felt my bladder muscles start to go a bit numb, like when your arms have been holding something heavy for too long. I don’t think I had let any go by that point, but I was sure to start leaking soon, and my heart was pounding. “Please,” I asked him again, “we’re almost halfway back, can I please have the other bottle now?” I really wanted to have drunk all the water when we got back, I just wanted him to let me finish inside my apartment, in privacy!

“Not yet,” he said, “come on, we’re getting there!

I kept walking, painfully, down the road, and couldn’t shake the idea that everyone driving past me on the main street could tell I was about to explode. Finally, we came to the turn in the complex, and I think I was still dry. We got to the north side of the oval with the mailboxes and a little fenced off area behind the mailboxes.

“Here we are,” my boyfriend said. “Hmm… Have you checked your mail today?”

“What?” I asked. “No, why?”

He fished through his backpack and eventually gave me my mailbox key. “Go check it,” he said. “I want to watch.”

It didn’t make sense to me, but I did what he said. I went up to the mailboxes and opened mine, squirming a bit on the spot as I did, but I opened the box and took out the letters. I looked through them as quickly out of habit, shut and locked the door and walked back. “Here,” I gave him the key and letters to hold on to. “Can we go now?”

My boyfriend was laughing. “Wow, you really look like you have to pee,” he giggled.

“Because I do!” I whispered back, jumping up and down a bit on the spot.

“Come on,” he grabbed my hand and pulled me back towards the fenced off area. There was actually a decent amount of room back there, and we were hidden from the outside world. “Get yourself under control,” he said, still amused.

My hands went right for my crotch. I was still dry, thank goodness, but I didn’t know how, or for how long. I stood there squeezing my legs together, grabbing my crotch as hard as I thought I could, and bouncing up and down slightly.

My boyfriend was laughing. “Are you still dry?” he asked, mirroring my own thoughts.

“Yeah,” I grunted, “I think I am.”

“Good,” he said with a smirk, and got the last water bottle out of his backpack. “Here, you can have it now, drink up,” he handed me the bottle.

“Oh, God,” I whispered to myself, and grabbed and opened the bottle. I crossed my legs and chugged it, one handle holding the bottle, the other holding myself. I gasped for air as quietly as I could and handed the bottle back to him. “Can we go now?” I said while dancing around from foot to foot. The walking around was helping, and staying still made it so much harder to hold it in.

“No no no,” he laughed, “you can’t walk around looking like that. Get a hold of yourself!” He put his hand on my back and rubbed it. “Would letting some out help?” he asked.

I knew my eyes got wide at the possibility. “Yes, please!” I said without thinking. “…Where?”

“Spread your legs,” he whispered to me, and I did, still moving from foot to foot. “Okay, I want you to let out three spurts, right there.”

“What?!” I whispered back. “I don’t want to wet my –”

His hand clasped over my mouth and moved behind me. I listened, and heard footsteps approaching. Before I knew it, his arm was around my chest too, pinning my arms to my chest so that I couldn’t grab myself. He was really putting his strength into holding me there – I couldn’t have gotten free if I tried. The only sound I could hear from us was my heart beating and my breathing against my boyfriend’s hand. I stood there leaning forward with my boyfriend holding me from behind, my legs spread and bent at the knee. We could both hear the other person outside the fence, and knew where he was because we could hear him talking on his phone too. The awkward position I was in and fact that I couldn’t move made it all the worse for me, and before I knew it, I felt a small drip escaping me. I flinched in my boyfriend’s grasp and was breathing harder. His grasp on me tightened even more, and he whispered very softly into my ear: “One,” a pause, and then “do NOT lose control.”

I stood as still as I could, almost totally rigid, but it didn’t help. I felt my bladder contract again, and I bent forward as much as I could and move my thighs together. It didn’t help, and I felt wetness soak into my underwear. “Two,” he whispered in my ear, and my heart started pounding. I twisted again, and he whispered “Three.” I’m not sure if I actually leaked right then, but I did a second or two after he whispered that, and felt it soak into my briefs even more. He kept holding me as we waited for the guy to finish up on the phone, or at least walk away. It felt like forever, but finally we heard his voice going off into the distance, and my boyfriend let go of me. I stood upright, and he moved around to get a look at me.

“You okay?” he whispered and smirked, clearly hoping I wasn’t.

“No,” I whispered back, legs squeezed together. “Can we please go back now?”

“Get it under control first,” he told me, and put a hand on my shoulder.

“I can’t! It hurts too bad! Please, let’s just start back!”

He just laughed at me and stared at my crotch which, amazingly, only had a penny sized wet spot on it. “I can’t! It huts too bad!” he said in a high-pitched voice, making fun of me. “Come on, you just let the pressure off, right? You’ve got this, squeeze it in.”

I couldn’t think of anything to say except to groan. I squeezed my thighs together and rested my hands on my knees.

“Ready to move again?” my boyfriend asked.

“Yes!” I practically jumped up. “Let’s go! Please!” He grabbed my arm and pulled me up and out. I felt a little more leak out of me as I straightened up and took my first step, but the walking helped immediately.

*001*2021-06-30 19:01

We walked quickly out of the little fenced in area, and it felt like I was carrying a bag of sand or something with my stomach. I could feel the momentum of all the liquid in me as I started walking forward, and it really was like I was carrying some heavy bag with my arms – like there was a huge, awkward object weighing me down and stretching out my muscles. I could feel my shirt stretching out over my stomach and my waistband pushing at my bladder. I kept walking, slowly, breathing shallowly to not push too hard on my bladder – doing that felt like having to carry even more weight with my already overburdened muscles. I kept repeating “hold it, hold it, hold it” to myself in my head. I wasn’t really paying attention to where we were walking, I was just following my boyfriend.

I finally looked over to him and saw him looking at my stomach. He was giggling slightly to himself, staring at my stomach, and reached out to touch it. He put his palm right on my bladder, spread out his fingers and squeezed very slightly. I felt my bladder muscles tense up in response. “Wow,” he said, “you really do have to go, huh?”

“No shit,” I groaned.

He leaned forward and looked at my pants. “Are your panties wet?” I don’t know why, but he always kind of teased me for usually wearing briefs by calling them panties.

“Thanks to you, yeah,” I told him. All he did was snicker more, and suddenly I felt a slight tickling in my pants that let me know I leaked a little more into my underwear. I looked down, and lucky for me, I don’t think my jeans were visibly wet. “Ohh, fuck,” I whispered to myself, and leaned over and rubbed my thighs up and down.

“Hmm,” he looked at me and looked back ahead. “Come with me,” he grabbed my hand and took be back behind another little fenced off area that looked like it was made for a dumpster, but there wasn’t one there. Luckily it was clean, at least.

I leaned forward, hands on my thighs, and shot him a look. “What now?” I whispered.

“Need to take some pressure off?” he asked.

I would have gladly gone to the toilet, or even pissed myself if I was back in my apartment. I knew what he was asking though, and I didn’t want to let anymore out. That was just asking for trouble, as bad as I had to go. We were really close to getting back to my door, and I just wanted to get back to my apartment. “No, I just want to get back, please!”

“You suuuure?” he asked, and if I was paying any more attention, I’d have known that he was up to something.

I couldn’t do anything more than nod to him.

“I think you need some help holding it in,” he told me, and put his hand behind my head and pulled me in to make out. I had to stand up straight to make out with him and grabbed myself through my jeans to help with the new pressure. If it didn’t feel like my bladder muscles were quivering, I’d have thought making out in a semi-public place like this was incredibly hot, but as it is, I was about to piss myself!

He reached down to my crotch and felt my hand. He tried to pull it away, but I resisted, “Mmh mmh,” I grunted quietly, telling him not to move my hand. He flicked it, painfully, trying to get my hand to move, but I held on hard. His hand moved across the back of mine and ended up on top of my bladder. He started to press down.

That got me to let go. I moved to grab his wrist with both of my hands and tried to back away from him, but he had too strong of a grip on the back of my head. I couldn’t. Lucky for me, once my hands were off, he moved his own hand down to my crotch and started to massage me. I got hard pretty quickly and leaned into his hand. It actually helped – I even felt my shoulder and leg muscles relaxing a little, and even my bladder muscles seemed to relax a bit. I didn’t leak, I still felt like I had a water balloon in my stomach, but it was like I got to sit down somewhere while I was carrying that heavy object and maybe rest my arms against my legs to take *some* of the weight off.

“Does that help?” he whispered.

“Yes,” I whispered, and thrust into his hand. He kept rubbing me through my pants for a while, slow, long strokes, and the occasional circle around the tip. It really was helping, but we were so close to my apartment, and I was very frantic by that point – I just wanted to get back. “Can we finish this inside? I’m gonna explode in, like, ten minutes!”

“You *sure* you’re good to leave?” he asked me, with a huge smirk on his face.

“Yes! Let’s go,” I started walking out of the little fenced area and dragged him by the hand out of there too. It was a short walk back to my apartment, mostly uneventful from what I remember, until we got to the stairs leading up to my door (it was a covered stairwell that only led up to my apartment, so it was somewhat private as well). I got about halfway up the stairs before I felt a surge of pressure come on, and I stood in the middle of the stairs clutching the handrail and bent over, as my muscles ached in my stomach. If there wasn’t a publicly visible area right in front of my apartment door, I’d have probably just wet myself in the stairwell, but I did not want to be in wet pants on a visible second story walkway.

My boyfriend stopped behind me and looked me over as I stood there, hunched over. “You okay there?” he asked.

I waved him on upstairs. “Just unlock the door!” I groaned, as I tried to hold it in.

He moved on upstairs, but I saw him keep his eyes on me as long as possible. I stood there for a few more moments, and once the wave was done, I looked down at my pants and saw a tiny, slight wet spot below and beside my fly. “Thank goodness I’m back,” I thought, but when I got to the door, I saw my boyfriend sifting through his bag and the door still closed. “Open the door!” I told him.

“I can’t find the keys,” he said.

“Stop messing around!” I said, “Open the door!”

“I’m not kidding,” he said, “I must have dropped them on the way, maybe by the mail boxes.”

“Then go get them!” I told him, “I’m staying back here.” I knew I didn’t have long left, so I wanted to stay by the door.

“I don’t know the way around your apartments,” he told me, “Come on, or I’ll just get lost.” He started dragging me back down the stairwell. “Good thing you can still hold it for a few minutes!” he smirked at me, and wiped my sweaty, shaggy hair off of my forehead. I was visibly sweating trying to hold it in now.

“Fuck you,” I said under my breath. I knew he was intentionally pushing me, seeing how far I would and could go, and I let myself be pushed.

*003*2021-07-07 23:17

Third and final part! I hope everyone enjoys.

He started dragging me along the oval again, the same way we had walked before, which was the long way to get to the mailbox from my apartment, we would end up walking past more than half of the oval before we hit the mailbox. “Why are we going the long way?” I asked, exasperated by this point.

“I could have dropped it anywhere, we should check,” he said, still with that grin that I was beginning to hate! I felt the pee I had leaked rubbing against me and cooling, teasing me to let more out, as we walked quickly around the complex. Lucky for me, the fast walking helped me hold it in. I had a few massive surges of pressure where it felt like my stomach muscles just contracted, like I was trying to clench everything shut down there but some of the wrong muscles decided to contract too. During one of those pressure waves, as we were about to start walking along a main road, I felt a few drips leave me and soak into my underwear.

“Oh, god…” I whispered to myself, “not now.” I *really* didn’t want to have to walk along a main street with cars driving by and headlights lighting up my wet pants.

“You okay?” my boyfriend asked.

I looked down at my front and saw a golf ball sized wet spot on the front of my pants. “No,” I said, my voice was shaking. “Let’s hurry, *please*.”

He looked over at the front of my pants and started pointing and fake laughing. “You’re starting to pee yourself,” he chuckled.

I slapped his hand away and shot him a look. “Keep your eyes on the road, look for the keys you lost.” I took a deep breath and put my hands in my pockets. We started walking along the main street, and luckily, we were walking in the same direction as the traffic. I tried to make myself feel a little better thinking that people wouldn’t be able to see my wet pants unless they looked in the rear view mirror. As we were about halfway to the mailboxes, I felt another tiny surge of pressure, and I felt more come out into my underwear. I didn’t look down, I didn’t want to tip off my boyfriend, I just picked up the pace.

Finally, we got to the little fenced off area again. “Come on,” my boyfriend looked around and made sure we were alone. We were, and he dragged me by the hand until we were back there.

He pushed my back against the fence and held me by the shoulders. “You’re wetting yourself,” he whispered to me, looking down at my pants. I looked down too, and it had maybe doubled in size, about two golf balls big now.

“You’re supposed to be finding the keys,” I groaned, and kept my hands in my pockets. I tried to reach for myself to hold it shut, but my pants weren’t loose enough and the pockets were too small.

He gave me a deep kiss and a bite on the lip pulling away. “Hold it,” he told me, and I tried. I stayed leaning against the fence, eyes closed, as I tried to fight off a wave of pressure from not walking. I don’t really know how long I was there in my own little world of pain, but I remember feeling wet fabric of my underwear against my thighs and between my legs, and I could tell my underwear was soaked now. I wiped off my forehead with my t-shirt as I felt a drop of sweat trickle down my nose. I was *really* working hard to hold it in and felt like I was at the tail end of a workout, when I was beginning to run out of steam. “Babe?” I asked and opened my eyes just in time to see and hear the keys jingling in his hand, it looked like he had just picked them up off of the floor. I stuck my hand out fast to grab them. “I’m holding on to them this time,” I said, and started to walk out.

My boyfriend grabbed me by the shoulders and pushed me back against the fence again. I was about to protest, but he covered my mouth with his hand again, and soon I found out why: I heard another set of footsteps approaching the mailboxes. He kept me held down with a hand over my mouth, and I let out a breathy moan and probably a tear or two. I almost felt myself giving in, I just felt defeated, but my boyfriend leaned in and whispered “Keep it in.” I felt him massaging me too, and I managed to get hard enough that I couldn’t pee full force, but I think I felt myself dribbling a little bit. My boyfriend rubbed my tip through my jeans with his thumb and must have felt it too. He whispered to me, “You’re wetting your pants. Stop.” He gripped me closed.

I felt a wonderful knot in my stomach and arousal shot through my body to the ends of my fingers and toes, tingling like an orgasm. Something unconscious inside my body just wanted to obey, and my abdomen muscles tightened up again and felt amazing doing it. I must have stopped, or at least my boyfriend couldn’t feel it anymore, and he whispered “good boy.” More tingling through my body, and my chest tightened and I let out a breathy sigh.

We couldn’t hear anything from the person walking by anymore, and my boyfriend decided to check on it. “Wait here,” he whispered, and walked over to the entrance. I took the chance to check my pants, and blushed red hot when I saw that it was about a saucer sized wet spot now, centered at the bottom of my fly right between my legs.

My heart started pounding, and I looked back towards the entrance and saw my partner lean in. “Come on,” he waved me on while staring at my pants. As I got closer, he did another of is fake pointing and laughing.

I stuck my keys on a belt loop and my hands in each of my pockets. It felt like it kept the waist of my jeans away from my rock-hard bladder and I remember trying to keep my wet underwear away from my jeans so that it might keep my pants from getting any wetter. I know I was power walking out of there back home, my heart was pounding, and my eyes stung with sweat from trying so hard to hold it in.

“Slow down!” my boyfriend called after me, from right behind my shoulder.

“I can’t!” I panted, and I really couldn’t, my legs kept walking, taking as long of steps as they could. It wasn’t too long to get to my apartment, I could see it off in the distance maybe three- or four-minutes’ walk away, and I remember keeping my eyes wide and locked on to my apartment building as I felt a splash across the front of my briefs and soak between my legs and up my backside. My abdomen muscles cramped up again and I doubled over in pain, groaning.

I felt my boyfriend’s hand rubbing between my shoulders. “Come on! You’re so close!”

I was close, if I could have opened my eyes my apartment would have easily been in sight, but I was frozen in place as every muscle in my body tensed up to hold my bladder shut. “Fuck…” was all I could manage to say, and I stayed that way for several seconds, gripping my thighs. The pressure started to back off a bit, but I felt a trickling down the tops of my inner thighs as whatever I had leaked soaked into my pants.

My boyfriend grabbed me by the arm and pulled me forward, at the same time I tried to walk forward on my own. “Come on,” he said, gently. I walked forward stiffly and awkwardly and felt the soaked fabric of my underwear rubbing against me. I managed to walk a few steps forward towards my apartment, but I felt my muscles tensing again. I kept trying to walk forward though – I was *so* close – but it just hurt too much, and my steps slowed and I stopped right in front of another fenced off area.

“Fuck…” I squeaked again. I squeezed my eyes shut in pain, but my boyfriend dragged me somewhere not too far off by the arm. I felt more trickling out and soaking my thighs. “No, no, no, please…” I whispered to no one, hoping I could somehow stop it.

My boyfriend covered my mouth from behind and pulled me upright. “Shh,” he whispered, “There's people coming.”

My eyes got huge with shock - I knew I was screwed. I looked over my shoulder at my boyfriend as if to plead with him to do *something* to help me hold it. I heard some people walking towards our direction, a couple of people about our age from the sound of it, laughing and joking, probably drunk. I felt my muscles contract again and felt myself leaking more and whimpered into his hand.

“It’s okay,” he whispered in my ear. “You tried so hard.”

Hearing him say that hit me like a punch in the gut – he’d given up on me being able to hold it. I let out panicked moans into his hand as I felt my abdomen muscles spasm, quiver, and just… release.

My heart was pounding so hard I could hear it, and my boyfriend had a huge grin on his face as he stuck his head over my shoulder and looked down at my darkening pants. “Yeahhhh,” he whispered and laughed. He reached out and ran his palm over my soaked crotch. “That’s it,” he coaxed me, “soak yourself,” he whispered in my ear, and grabbed me through my jeans, as pee ran through his fingers.

I was still trying to stop it, even though I couldn’t even feel it leaving me at that point. I could only feel it flowing down my legs, across my thighs, soaking into the back of my pants… Right as the wetness soaked past my knees, I heard the crowd walking past us on the other side of the fence. I stood frozen as they walked away and watched as my pants got utterly soaked. A puddle started forming underneath me, luckily flowing away from the side they were walking past, and out into some grass.

Once their voices faded a bit, I just collapsed. Luckily my boyfriend caught me, and I just slumped backwards into his arms and gave in to the flow. “Whoa,” my boyfriend cried, either at me leaning into him or at the hissing now coming from my pants, I wasn’t sure which. I just watched with half-opened eyes, as my bladder muscles relaxed for the first time in hours and my pants went from light blue to dark blue. I vaguely registered feeling my butt getting soaked as I slumped to what was sort of a sitting position.

I must have eased up on the flow, because my boyfriend put his hand on my bladder under my soaked waistband and pressed. “Huh uh,” he said, “All of it, come on, in your pants. That’s it.”

I moaned weakly and couldn’t have stopped him even if I wanted to. He told me later he’d checked his watch and timed me peeing for just over two minutes.

Finally, after what felt like ages, my stream died down. I saw some dry spots on the very outer side of my thighs, but other than that, my jeans were completely wet as far as I could see. They were so heavy with wetness and so much looser now that they sank down my waist, and you could see the top of my underwear, which naturally was just as soaked. “Babe?” I moaned.

“Yeah?”

“I wet myself,” I said weakly.

“Yes you did, dirty boy” he laughed.

“How am I gonna get back?”

“We’ll have to walk.”

“But what if people see?”

“Then I guess they’ll see that you’ve pissed your pants.”

“Fuck…”

“Well, if you cared, you’d have held it,” he said. “We were almost there. Besides,” he stuck his hand down my jeans and grabbed me through my soaked briefs. “I think you like it, you’re rock hard,” he murmured, and took his hand back out and started stroking me through my jeans.

“No!” I took his hand off, just in time, too, but I was still totally hard. My pants were tight to begin with and kept me flat and poking off towards a leg, and the fact that my pants were wet and clingy now only made it worse.

I told my boyfriend to go check our way back. I took the chance to look at my pants, the sides and back of my legs, and every part I could see was now wet, the wetness had now spread and soaked the rest of my pants except for the top of my backside. Somehow that made me feel better, that at least my jeans were mostly uniformly dark in color.

“It’s clear,” my boyfriend said, “You can come out.” His eyes were stuck on my crotch rather than the outside, or my face. I took a few steps and my erection felt as obvious as it probably looked, and my body tingled as my soaked jeans sort of rubbed against and clung to my erection. I stopped at the entrance to the fenced off area and looked around for myself, not really trusting my boyfriend and his distracted attention. Right on cue, I heard him laughing again. “You wet your pants,” he said, mockingly.

“Yeah, I know,” I sighed, both from tiredness and pleasure as my wet pants rubbed my erection. I didn’t see anyone else, so I walked out quickly and grabbed his hand to take him along. My heart was pounding from the risk of being seen, and from the friction that walking was giving me. They were so heavy from wetness and so much looser after emptying my bladder that I had to use my other hand to keep from showing everyone my wet underwear.

“It got you hard,” he said as we were walking.

“No shit,” I slapped his side and looked around more. His teasing was not helping.

“Gonna wet your pants again?” More of his teasing laugh.

“Shut up!” He was right, at this rate – I was maybe 100 to 200 feet away from my building, but I was very close to losing control again, in a different way.

He laughed, “You’re gonna cream in your jeans.”

I don’t know why, but that phrase has always gotten me, and it got me this time. My whole body tingled as I let out a barely stifled moan and doubled over, hand on my thigh, like someone had just punched me in the gut. I leaned over breathing hard and heavy, just in front of the stairs to my apartment door, and cummed my pants, probably one of the hardest orgasms I ever had, felt cum shooting out of me over, and over, and over… Fortunately (I guess?), it didn’t make my pants any wetter.

Once I was done, I didn’t even look at my boyfriend or anything else around me. I was burning red, and just walked upstairs, unlocked my door and went inside, boyfriend right behind me. I have no idea if anyone saw me. I put my soaked clothes in the laundry, got cleaned up, and barely had the strength to pay my boyfriend back for the fun…

