Wet summer walks - 2017

Author: shywewe

*000*2017-05-28 04:16

Well, now that summer has return to the northern hemisphere it is finally time to get back to wetting my jeans as I walk. I am a long distance walker, where I will walk for 6-7 hours at a time and cover between 30 and 35 km at a time. Since it is important to stay hydrated, I will drink anywhere from 4 to 8L of water over my walk. When I am out for my walks, I do stop and use the bathroom if I have to have a crap, but prefer to hold any piss until I have to go. I do like to wet my pants when I walk, and will on occasion show my wet jeans. At other times, I take a black pair of nylon pants to hide my pissy wet jeans. I will use this thread to show the results of these wet walks :)

The first set of images is from a walk that I did, yesterday. I wore a black pair of carhartt jeans and drank 6L of water while out for my 35km walk. I was getting desperate after about 20 km so had a small dribble in my jeans downtown. I kept on walking, and after about 24km was slowly wetting my pants. Since I had on dark but faded jeans I figured no one would notice. Actually, I think that people are not very observant anyways, When I got home, I took a few more pictures of my wet jeans. Since, my bladder was not fully empty, I had another piss in my pants with them being nice an shiny. Some day, I will try and grab a video of me pissing my pants. However, I seem to prefer the still shots.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*001*2017-07-21 18:31

I completed another long walk a couple of days ago. By long, I mean I walked 42.5 km, which is just slightly longer then a marathon which is 42.2 km. I walked that distance in 8.5 hours, but consumed 4.4L of water. I only stopped a couple of times through the first half of the walk, so that I was not in wet pants for 8 hours. However, there was still lots of time to wet my pants as I was gone for such a long time.

From the last time that I stopped at the bathroom, I had consumed 1.5L of water and walked 2.5 hours. By that time of the walk, I was starting to get back to the downtown core. I had to pee, but not overly strongly. I figured that I probably could go another couple of hours. Since I had to pee, I figured that I would dribble a little in my pants to relieve some of the pressure. So while waiting for a red light, I let a dribble go in my pants.

Unfortunately, the need to pee was stronger then I thought, and ended up pissing down my legs and leaving a couple of dribbles on the sidewalk. Since I was in dark jeans, I thought that I could get a way with it and continued to walk. At this point, I do not think that people noticed my wet jeans, as I had to walk through a couple of busy streets. Of course, every time that I stopped at a stop light a little bit more pee would run down my leg. Luckily for me, I was in the inner city where drunk people regularly piss themselves, so figured that I could get away with wet jeans.

I stopped at a major construction site, and was looking into the basement that they were building. While looking into the hole, I left another puddle on the road. This time, I took a picture of the damage, and thought that my jeans did not look too bad. I continued to walk through downtown, with my wet pants and figured that no one noticed them. After another 45 minutes, I stopped near a park and looked down and took another picture, and thought the damage was minimal. 

Shortly after that picture, I found a place to relax, of course my bladder was full again so had to find some time to release the water that I had consumed. Unfortunately, once the bladder starts to drain, I can not stop it. I can really hold my pee when I need to, but then at other times it feels like it is the size of a thimble. While sitting down on the grass, I just pissed my pants with no one the wiser. By this time my legs were out in front of me, and realized how wet my jeans really were. I am sure that people must have noticed that by this point, my jeans were obviously peed in.

I knew that I still had another 10 km to walk, and consumed an additional 1L of water. However, I put on a black nylon pair of pants which do not show the wetness. I continued to piss my pants while walking home. By time I got home, my jeans were completely saturated front and back. If I would have known that, I would have not bothered with the nylon pants :) The last 10 km was not in the inner city, so decided against parading around in wet jeans :)

Anyways, to go along with this story, I am uploading the pictures that I took of the damage :) Hope you enjoyed my wet adventure :)

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

