My ex pissing all over his car

Author: BleachBod

*000*2021-08-04 04:53

This story happened a few years back, and it’s not as erotic as it is amusing, but it’s definitely one I remember.

My ex boyfriend, in his early 30s at the time, was a fairly heavy drinker. He would also come over really drunk at random moments. On one of these, he asked me to come out so we could pick up a pizza. I get in the car, and he’s real real wasted, which should have been shocking to me that he’d drive like that, but I was kind of numb to it.

I kept him distracted for a little bit so he wouldn’t drive off with me in the car. Plus, I figured a little distraction could eventually lead him into letting me drive. Mid conversation, he grimaces and reaches into his backseat for a bottle - can’t find one - and pulls out a Coke can.

Intrigued, I watch in curious silence as he pulls his flaccid cut penis out of his fly, and starts viciously pissing into this can. And let me say, “into” is very generous.

He always had a very healthy spray, and when he went, it went hard. And combined with that, his aim was poor at best.

So now I’m sitting there, watching this man piss sloppily into this small Coke can. And naturally, it fills up quickly, but he doesn’t seem to notice or mind. So now he’s just full on pissing at a can thats just pouring the same piss back into his lap. This went on for a while before he eventually just tossed the can out the door next to the storm drain.

When he finished, I asked why he didn’t want to go inside to pee. He grumbled and said something to the nature of “We were out.” It didn’t make much sense, but in his mind, it was a worthy explanation for why he was drenched in his own piss.

