Counting to 10

Author: Corka

*000*2020-10-16 05:18

A few weeks ago I joined the Omo Discord- and yesterday I decided to join in on the fun and try my first hold. It, uh, didn’t end well needless to say- but I wasn’t deterred at all! I decided I’m gonna start getting myself to a point where holds are both fun and easy to fail- and that started with the need for weakening my bladder. So waking up this morning, I decided to have a little “accident” before my shower. It didn’t go very well- not for bladder related reasons but rather because I woke up a ticking timebomb of anxiety and was too wound up to really enjoy being naughty. So I didn’t go until later in the day, where I (sorta) tried another hold and had some success- but again wasn’t able to go all the way because of unrelated circumstances.

Eventually, it was the middle of the night, and I was totally dry. I’d just gotten done playing Jackbox with some friends, and figured I’s try to at least have a leak or two. So, I stood up, and way faster than I was expecting I leaked a little pee. 1. It felt good, so I decided to have another one. 2. I could have stopped, but 3 felt like a better number to end on. So, after a bit of moving, I did another peepee in my pants. 3.

I was ready to stop for the night, but the bad influences on the discord convinced me to do one more. So I got back up, stood my ground, and did another pee. 4. Of course, while I could have stopped, five was a more satisfying number, so I went again. 5. But uh, I went three times before so I’ll go a third time again. 6. But seven is a lucky number so uh. 7. Oh my god my pants are so wet. 8. I’m making such a big mess. 9. This feels sooooooo goooooood. 10.

After 10 leaks, I realized I had to stop before I spent the whole night leaking into my pants. The fact I even had one leak, let alone so easily, was impressive to me. If I’d tried that like a year ago, under the same conditions, I’d never have gotten out a drop. It seems like my wettings are paying- my bladder is finally starting to get weaker. I still have a long ways to go, of course, but at this pace I feel like it’s only a matter of time before I start having genuine, unplanned accidents. And when that happens, hehe, things are gonna get a whole lot wetter.

