After work accident in the rain

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2021-01-21 00:51

I had to tag this female because of the system, but I'm actually nonbinary.

Over the summer I worked for Instacart at a grocery store. My shifts were eight hours long, and it was hard to get a bathroom break. I had a few close calls, and actually wore pullups to work when I knew it would be busy. However, on this day I was wearing my pale blue underwear, a pair of tight blue jeans, and my green instacart shirt, no pullup in sight. For your picture of me I'll also say I'm about 5'4" and I have half-shaved blond hair.

I worked non-stop orders the whole morning, and I barely had time to use the restroom once at my mid-shift break. After that I was in for four more hours of shopping orders in the busy grocery store. My shift was over at 5 pm, but by 3:30 I already had to pee. I kept and 1 liter water bottle with me and I had also drunk an energy drink at break, and all the liquid was filtering through me. Wearing a mask always makes me really thirsty too, but after I downed my first bottle of water I realized I needed to slow down of I would be in trouble.

By four I was in urgent need. I was hoping that I would have space to use the restroom between orders, but they just kept coming. I took to crossing my legs when looking for products and holding myself whenever I had to squat or lean down.

As 5 rolled closer I was desperate. I leaked every time I leaned down, and had to tightly cross my legs whenever I was still. I could feel my bladder pushing against my tight waistband and loosened my belt a few times. There weren't any visible stains yet, but the crotch of my jeans was damp where I pressed it against my aching bits.

Right before my shift was over, the couple that was giving me a ride home showed up. They immediately spotted me and told me that they were in a hurry and we needed to go. I finished my last order and followed them. I should have used the bathroom then, but I didn't want to make them late for their engagement and I was too anxious to admit how badly I needed to go. Besides, a small naughty part of my brain was telling me that if I made it home I could use a diaper and the thought was so hot that I couldn't shake it.

The ride home was about thirty minutes, but it felt like a lifetime. I tried to discreetly hold myself for a while, but eventually I decided that getting caught grabbing my crotch was better than leaking in their car.

At about halfway home, it started to rain. Now, the rain was a problem for the obvious reason, it made my desperation a lot worse. But the bigger concern for me was my chickens. My family has a chicken coup and the chickens need to be put inside it during storms when they are young. My family wasn't expected back until late, so I was responsible for the chickens. I almost forgot my leaking bladder in my panic to get home and put the chickens up.

When we arrived at my house I rushed as fast as I could. I took my work shoes off at the door, already leaking a little, and then ran through the house. I had rubber sandals by the back door for chicken care. By the time I was down in the chicken yard it was pouring rain. Thunder crashed overhead, and the chickens panicked. It took me a long time to gather them up and put them in the coup. At this point every step was a leak, and my crotch was socked with warm piss. I was about to lose it all the way.

I rushed back up the steps, but I ended up slipping on my wet rubber sandal and jamming my toe into the wooden step, causing me to fall onto the deck. That was it. The momentary loss of concentration and the pain were too much for my abused bladder, and pee hissed into my underwear. First I put a hand down to try and stop it, but the flow poured out. I lay on the deck in a puddle of piss and rainwater until the flow finally stopped.

I laughed a bit at the situation, deciding a rainstorm wasn't the worst place to have an accident. I stood gingerly and stripped naked right there on the porch. As the rain and wind hit my nude body I lost the last bit of control I had and pissed down my legs. It felt amazing.

*004*2021-02-05 04:44

{{On 1/27/2021 at 7:56 AM, Tall Cake said:

The first half of this mostly just made me angry about workers' rights haha

But the ending was great. Nothing sounds more free than standing naked in a thunderstorm and pissing yourself.

}}

Ah yes, the beloved world of American contract workers. At least I wasn't making minimum wage at that job

{{On 1/25/2021 at 7:30 PM, Bismiris said:

I think there is an enby tag

}}

That may be true, but I couldn't find it. I saw male, female, trans male, trans female. I think it allowed me to set up my account as enby and choose they/them pronouns, but I'm not sure about topic flairs.

