Desperate sightings ultrasound

Author: tumbry

*000*2017-02-15 18:26

I recently had to have an ultrasound done, and of course a full bladder was required! So as I was standing in line at the front desk, a woman in front of me was quite desperate. She was slightly hunched over - but hiding that by pretending to lean in closer to the secretary - and clenching her thighs together. This was her conversation with the secretary:

Woman: Is having a full bladder absolutely necessary for the ultrasound?

Secretary: Yes, it's required.

Woman: Okay because I'm just dying for a wee *nervous laugh*

Secretary: Ah yes we get that all the time, try to hold on if you can.

Woman: I'll be fine if I sit down, probably.

The secretary then gave her directions on where to go next, and she was visibly desperate to get to the waiting room so she could sit down. I wasn't able to follow her because I had to fill out a form before I could finally go there, and she was already gone by the time I got there. The directions to the waiting room were quite complicated, and she had to have the secretary repeat them twice before she could focus enough on where to go.

On my own behalf it was kind of boring really. I was worried I hadn't had enough to drink so I drank two cups of water, and when I went in I still only felt slightly full, but the ultrasound tech was asking me if I was uncomfortable, that my bladder looked very full, and that she herself would be crying if her bladder was as full as mine. I was only feeling a pleasant tingling on my pussy from her pressing down on it, it was very enjoyable. I told her I was still quite comfortable but wouldn't get on the train like this. She laughed and said yes definitely go to the toilet before leaving. I went to pee after the exam because otherwise it would just look weird, but it wasn't as nice as a real explosive pee. :/ My poor baby was probably relieved as it was being pushed by my bladder. :S

*003*2017-02-21 13:33

Hehe! Yes undoubtedly... I'm sure I'll be desperate many more times the next few months!

*005*2017-04-09 11:47

I know right, the praise feels great... I had my 20-week ultrasound recently and the sonographer was again impressed, and kept apologising for pressing down. She told me to let her know if it was too much as my bladder was very full. I was again only mildly uncomfortable, which I told her, and she said I must be very brave. She also praised me for coming in with a full bladder as it helps them see the length of the cervix. :) I had to go empty out my bladder in the middle because the baby refused to move her head out of my pelvis

