Planned wetting at store

Author: REDstoplight

*000*2016-08-23 23:00

WARNING: This story may contain views that some people do not agree with. I regret some things I did during this experience and will learn from them.

A few nights ago I was home alone (fiancé was working the night shift) I had a few glasses of jameson and decided to put on a Goodnight pull up. While still at my house I quickly went through one pull up. (I love wearing while wet, so going through a pull up means it was so wet I couldn't sit down without leakage). I put on a new pull up and decided to walk down to my local 24 hour super store for some planned wettings. It was about 2:45am when I finally walked into the store. I walked around for a while my bladder grew larger and larger. 

As I was about the pee in my pants, I saw a nice looking lady shopping down the isle. I quickly asked her where the nearest restroom was. As soon as I got those words out, my bladder let loose. A long spurt flooded into my dry pull up quickly dampening the front of it. I bent over trying to stop it. The lady gave me a puzzled look and I told her "I cant stop it, I'm peeing" She gave me a "oops, oh well look" As she walked away she said something to me like "I'm sorry" or something to that affect. I was too busy trying to stop the pee. After I regained control I walked around the store some more.

A few more spurts came out and before I knew it, I was started to leak a very little bit and I knew I needed to change pull ups. Luckily, I had brought an extra one just in case. I pulled it out of my bag and started carrying my new dry pull up in my hand. Next course of action was to find an employee to actual show me where the bathroom was so I could change. I walked up to a nice employee and told her I peed myself and needed to change. As she was showing me, I felt the urge hit worse than before. I bent over as my bladder lost all control. A flood of pee quickly filled my pull up and started running down my legs. The employee noticed and said that it was comptelely fine to have an accident and to not be embarrassed. I finally got to the bathroom and changed pull ups. 

After that I went back to find her and apologize for my accident. After saying sorry I asked if she would help me find a diaper that would hold more. She showed my the adult diapers and was very nice on helping me fine the right one. As we were talking about diapers, I got the urge to go again so I bent over a little a peed. I guess she noticed because immediately after I stopped she asked "Are you wet again?" I said "Yes, I had another accident." We continued talking about the best diaper for me. I told her how I wanted to research more before I bought some and told her I wanted to leave before I had another accident. She kept talking until I repeated myself a few times about leaving before I wet again. She finally said "okay" and I walked off. A few employees saw me as I was leaving and asked if I was okay. They must have seen my accident. I said "yes" and walked out and walked back home.

The end.

