Pissed my pants good at the liquor store

Author: coloradowet

*000*2021-07-19 04:28

Really surprised I pissed my blue jeans in front of people today! It was definably noticeable and I really had no control, I really hoped I could hold on just a little longer but to no avail.

I was planning on some wet fun so I was holding for awhile; while running to the flea market and signing up for an art market. Definably can be a wheeler and dealer when desperate and "hunting" antiquities.

I knew I was getting close to the point of no return, you know how it is, bouncing like hell in the car thinking its all over and your going to piss all over yourself in you car seat. when suddenly the desperation vanished and you have hope to accomplish a few more errands!

That's how it happened, I wanted to to grab some ciders before I headed home, the desperation vanished as I went to the store and was looking at the selection when very quickly the "urge" came back very intensely and rapidly! I knew I had to be quick but to no avail!

They were having issues with their card machine so I was stuck their doing my best to be non-chalant about my predicament, I had to grab myself a few times, and by the time I was sighing and getting my card back, I was pissing in my pants! In public! With very noticeable clothing!

I grabbed my dick to clench the unstoppable flood-gate I was unleashing in my pants, it was too late but I really didn't want to make a puddle for them and was feeling very embarrassed. I snatched my booze the moment I got my card back and booked it like i robbed the place. letting go of my dick to grab the goods was an explosion of piss. I heard a splash on the ground and got out of their quick!

I walked out the door back to my car, their were people outside with front row tickets to my active accident!! My hands were full so their was no cover to my wetness and I was still pissing hard! I really couldn't help but to wet myself in full view!

Made it back to my car and let a bunch more go (intentionally this time) in broad daylight onto the asphalt leaving trails of piss running from my parking spot.

I don't think I can go to that store for a bit now

I really enjoyed the experience of having a accident out in the wilds and its been a wet day since!!! Not often I get caught short In my small town, surly Ill see the witness's again.

"keep the omo freak flag flying"

*004*2021-07-20 01:36

{{14 hours ago, Tellnoone said:

Wow, great story, thanks for sharing!

A deliberate hold that goes out of hand and ends up in a public disaster is a hot fantasy to me, but I don´t know how i´d feel about it if it really happened. Was this the first time you had an accident this public?

}}

Ive had more than a few times where Ive actually wet my pants very publicly while deliberately holding while planning to wet my pants in a more private setting. Its soo fucking sexy to be at that loss of control, I think this time though was the most "primal", and during the day, completely sober... i have ever pissed myself so openly. I really thought my bladder had one more errand in it

It was very embarrassing, thank goodness the "regular" cashier wasn't their and "wow" it was fun and really intense. Ill remember that one for a long time.

I do my best to be life long omo proud and enjoy the experience , but I never want to force someone into this kink as a un-intentional witness.....

Willing participant.... bring it on

*005*2021-07-20 02:22

{{12 hours ago, lizzybee said:

Excellent story telling. I bet it felt so good letting it out onto the pavement before you got back in your car.

Similar thoughts to the poster above—have never had an accident in public and would be curious about the embarrassment vs. enjoyment and how they blend.

}}

Glad you liked the story!

It was such a intense and urgent desperation that I was really truly holding to the best of my effort to no avail with that initial accident in the store I had too "push" my bladder onto the pavement, I knew i couldn't make it home in my car after breaking the seal I held my bladder so much and it showed this time.

It was very embarrassing to lose control in-front of the people I see on a bi-weelky basis, after years of work I am a very omo proud and push the boundaries...... but that i didn't plan for that.

The embarrassment was real, but likely a life long memory, Id love to have seen myself wet myself like that!

*006*2021-07-20 02:57

{{6 hours ago, X_cristatus said:

Whoo, damn, that must've been simultaneously stressful and hot. Your username suggests you're in Colorado, which is where I happen to live... wish I'd been there to see this!

}}

It was definably both, It was both a deliberate and unplanned accident I really didn't expect to be pissing myself in-front of my day to day peeps, I really lost control! not something I plan to do in a "smallish" town

I was very stressed because as I got out of my car I felt fine, saying to myself " i got this, last stop", but the moment I got into the store I started getting intensely and rapidly desperate!

When the cashier told me the card reader was on the fritz, I knew I was in trouble.

I had to grab my "phallus" aka dick; because although my bladder muscles had completely given up on me, I was pinching the damn best I could so I wouldn't make a flood on the floor.

I wish I could have seen me too!!!! It will be memorable for sure for that feeling but would have been sexy AF to see!

3rd gen colorado from south end of denver! out in durango now but I move around. farmer, artist and stone mason and a introvert on the side but pretty willing to chat it up in-spite of the introversion

Always good to hear from other coloradans.

