Snowpants Inspiration

Author: Snowpants

*000*2022-02-28 11:58

After reading @PrincessPEEach latest snow pants wetting experience I was inspired to get outside and wet my snow pants.

My area had a snowstorm the other day. That gave me an opportunity to dress in my snow pants and head outside. I was outside for almost three hours clearing snow and helping neighbors. Needless to say by the time I got inside I had wet my snow pants twice. Having problems with my washing machine I was unable to wash them so I hung them in the basement to dry. My plan was to go to the laundromat the next day.

I woke the next day to see more snow. I like to get to the laundromat when it opens so I can get in & out quick. I held my morning piss so I could enjoy another snow pants wetting adventure before doing laundry.

I dressed in the same snow pants I wet the day before and headed out. It took longer than I expected to clear the snow but i did have the chance to warm up by letting a bladder full of piss leak into my snowpants. When I realized the time I felt I had no choice but to wear my snow pants to the laundromat.

I gathered up my laundry and headed out. As I drove I was getting excited about the idea of wearing my piss wet snow pants around others and inside. When I got there the owner was just opening so I grabbed my laundry and headed inside. As soon as I walked in the swishing sound of the nylon snow pants seemed so loud. I loaded two washers with my clothes and had to walk across the store to get money for the washing. Swish, swish, swish echoed throughout the store and the few people there turned to see what the sound was. I was partially embarrassed but mostly excited.

As I waited for the clothes to wash my bladder started to fill. It was hard to sit still but my nylon snow pants swishing was so noisy if I moved my legs so I tried to sit still.

The first load was done so I went over to unload the wet clothes. As I bent over to remove the clothes my bladder spasmed and I leaked a long spirt. I stood quickly to stop the flow. I knew I was in trouble if I did not get out of there soon. I quickly emptied the two washers and planned to leave to dry my clothes at hone.

I picked up the full basket of wet clothes and started for the door. The heavy basket was too much for my bladder so as I walked to the door and across the parking lot to my car I wet again. This time I could not stop the flow and a steady stream of piss flowed into my snow pants and down my legs. It felt great to have that happen in such a public setting.

Maybe I'll wait to fix my washing machine so I can wear my snow pants to do laundry again?

