My first desperation experience

Author: MaddyTheKitty

*000*2021-12-13 23:03

Hello everyone, I'm MaddyTheKitty! I had my first desperation experience today. Let's get this description section done first so we can get it out of the way. I'm an average girl, 5'6" and I'm rather chubby, my stomach hangs out a bit. I was wearing high waisted sort of fleece pants for the winter, a trans kitty stack shirt, and for those interested I was just wearing a simple pink bra underneath and your average store bought panties. My hair is a sort of dirty blonde and is rather straight, unless I haven’t combed it in a while.

I’m also being tested by my dominant to see if I will be her kitten. I was being told how much to drink, what to do, and when I could finally pee by the wonderful @Alice Ivy

.

The hold begun at school and it was rather uneventful at first, I had 3 classes before lunch, a Spanish class, a class studying Shakespear, and a class where we're currently reading the book 'The Glass Castle'. Alice told me to drink 500ml before lunch and all was good, no real urge at all so she got me to refill the bottle at the canteen during lunch, I would be forced to drink this and the 300ml bottle of water that came with my lunchable.

After lunch I go to an off-campus program and as I left I started to feel the pressure increase just above my crotch I also felt my stomach getting a little tight. However I still felt fine, probably a 2 or a 3 out of 10 and it wasn't effecting my ability to focus which is good seeing as I was soldering and those things are hot! Not to mention you need to be very precise. This is thirsty work however and I finished off the 300ml bottle, this would prove to be a mistake. Alice, probably getting very excited, forced me to drink 250ml before I left and told me to finish the rest by the time I got back to the main campus.

After 2 and a half hours of this I made my way to the bus that took us back to the main campus, as I stood up I felt the effects of gravity as my desperation shot up to a 4 out of 10, it would stay around 2-3 out of 10 during the bus ride and I kept my legs crossed for the journey and all was good; I was definitely going to make it 12 hours and beyond right?

I waited for my dad to pick me up outside the school and the desperation was really starting to hit me although I managed to stand still until he arrived. Let me tell you, the ride home was torturous. We got stuck behind a red light and instantly my desperation shot up to a 6 out of 10, I was seriously starting to doubt my ability to hold but I knew Alice wouldn't let me go pee unless I was at risk of hurting myself so I held on. You know that feeling where you can feel the pee in your urethra... Yeah. We were only a few blocks away from home and all I could think about was how inviting my toilet at home was, I could finally just sit down and release 11 hours worth of pee that had been slowly building up throughout the day.

So my bedroom is right past my bathroom, you can imagine how desperately I wanted to disobey and pee but I resisted, stepped into my bedroom, placed a towel on my chair for safety and waited patiently for Alice to return.

After a few minutes, Alice and I got into a voice call and started playing Minecraft together. She then told me something that would end up ruining me...

"You know that monster you have? Drink it all before the end of the hour, or I'll make you edge longer" she said, knowing the 10 minutes she usually has me edge for would be enough to make me burst.

As I opened the monster, and the smell of the mango hit my nose, my bladder immediately felt ten times more full. I took a sip, waited a bit, and then took another. I was feeling fine for the most part. But as the can got emptier and emptier, issues arised. When the can was halfway empty, I was shaking up and down on the camera, yet I told her I was at a 6 and could continue going anyway. We continued playing Minecraft and a few minutes, and a few sips later, I was at a 6 to 7 out of 10. Once this happened, I knew that there was little time left for me. I had about a quarter of the monster left to drink and so I chugged the rest of it, let it set in, and waited. I continued to play Minecraft, getting some ancient debris and I thought I would be fine. Very quickly, the monster got to work as I suddenly reached a 7-8, my bladder pushing on the edge of my stomach, and the feeling in my urethra getting more and more intense.

Alice was worried she wouldn’t catch me wetting myself on cam, so she told me to edge right then and there. I closed Minecraft, turned on my cam, and was shaking like mad. I took off all my clothes except my undies like Alice suggested, and sat there like a good kitten. She looked at my stomach, noticed that it looked a bit bulged, and told me to rub that area. I put my hand over it, and rubbed it, making the urge to pee slightly go away. Then she told me to give it a BIIIIIG push, and I tried, but couldn’t. Pushing on it made me almost immediately wet myself. Then, as a good kitty would, I listened to her command to begin edging. I started touching myself, still on the brink of wetting and shaking like mad. I was really trying my best to not piss myself during the five minute edge. (Alice didn't think I could go any longer and she was right!)

Somehow, miraculously I made it through. After that I asked her if I could use the restroom extremely nicely while constantly shaking, instead of wetting myself, and reluctantly she agreed. This experience was absolutely amazing, especially once I got to let it all out, as it felt almost as good as orgasaming. (I haven’t been able to orgasm for the past five days) I somehow held ~1800 ml of fluid for just under 12 hours. It was crazy. I’m definitely going to be doing this again, as Alice wants me to, and I would like to because of how nice it felt. Thanks for reading this if you did, and I hope my other experiences will also be posted here! Also thanks @Alice Ivy once again for absolutely destroying me. Meanie >:c.

*002*2021-12-14 09:36

{{2 hours ago, Alice Ivy said:

:3 you held so well. I'm excited to get you to hold more soon.

}}

Please make me hold more ehehe. I will be a good kitty and listen!

