I just had an accident in bed and it was totally my fault

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2021-05-28 16:47

I'm non-binary not a woman they/them or e/em/es please yada yada

I woke up this morning with a full bladder, already feeling pretty horny. I decided to lay in bed and read some stuff from the forums here, enjoying my bladder. Arousal and desperation always sort of mix for me, so when I started to feel shaky and out of breath I couldn't tell if I was about to wet myself or cum.

Well, I decided the latter, so I got my vibrator out. I considered going to the shower or outside, but my bed was still warm and inviting, so I laid down a towel in case of leaks and climbed back under the covers.

I'll spare you the more personal dirty details but suffice to say I was in bliss.

The euphoric feeling was so complete that it took the physical sensation of warm liquid trickling down my backside to tell me that I was leaking. An unplanned leak should have been an alert that I needed to move, but I was enjoying myself too much. I started to reenact a fantasy I have about overwetting a pullup on a road trip, begging the driver to pull over because I'm about to lose it, when I started to lose it irl.

My eyes opened and I suddenly realized I had already soaked the towel I was laying on, and I was still peeing. Alarmed I tried to stop, but my bladder was extremely full and abused by my actions, and I found I couldn't.

I focused on getting out of bed, but there was nothing to do now. Piss was gushing out and I could feel it pooling under my back. I decided to make the best of the situation and started back with the vibrator. The feeling was something I cannot describe, but as I came another time, the full body contraction caused the last of my bladder to spray out with a loud hiss, managing to wet the blanket on top of me now as well as the bed below.

I wish I had taken a picture for you folks, but as the post nut clarity hit me I was suddenly worried for my mattress and had to strip the bed immediately. No long term damage was sustained, though my "waterproof" cover had already started to leak through.

I'd like to pinky promise that I won't do this again... But it may have been worth it lol

*002*2021-06-09 23:57

{{1 hour ago, Bluesman59 said:

It’s always been one of my dreams to have something like that happen, I am quite jealous.

}}

I'm sure you could set it up if you wanted to! Get yourself to the edge of losing it and then start to masturbate~

*004*2021-06-10 21:46

@Bluesman59

Maybe try when you're already leaking? When I'm really full I like to go up and down stairs and jump around to really get myself leaking involuntarily. Once the seal is broken, I'll keep leaking!

Also might depend on genitals. I have a vagina so I can still piss while very aroused, where it might be harder with a penis. In the case of a penis I can envision having an accident as soon as you go soft, so it might be slightly different!

