When the baby's away...Master and mommy will...

Author: mastersnothing

*000*2017-08-26 08:46

...sleep so so soundly, it's ridiculous.

Master's Son was with my family for the weekend & what a glorious weekend of sleep it was! However, before the sleep, there was steak!

###

"I have something I want to tell you, nothing." Master calmly announced after the too-perky waitress took our order and scampered off to fill it.

"Oh? What is it, Sir?" The eagerness in my voice caused a burgeoning smile to tug at the corners of Master's face...and that's a sight that always makes me happy.

"You will be stopping your birth control on November 1st."

Suddenly my eyes widened and excitement helped my bladder to release the small stream it had been holding back – even as I felt the warmth in my diaper, my eyes welled with tears and spilled over as the smile grew and grew on my face. "Oh, thank you, Sir!" I cried out, as discreetly as possible in a Texas Roadhouse.

"But..." Master snickered as my face fell. "Let me finish, nothing. BUT...you have to go to the restroom right now and remove your diaper for the rest of the meal."

"Yes! Yes, Sir! Yes! Easiest yes EVER..." and it was. Getting the go ahead from my Master I ran to the bathroom, lifted up my maxi dress, ripped off that industrial flood gate and tossed it in the trash with glee – like I was burning my bra or something.

I must have looked pretty pleased with myself as I rejoined Master at the table, because He started to laugh. "Oh, My nothing...that was a sight – I'm pretty sure you skipped all the way back to the table." I love hearing my Owner laugh and I started to laugh with Him.

The harder I laughed, the more the warmth of my piss started to soak through my dress, but I didn't care. I just did. not. care. Every 20 minutes or so, I would feel the warmth return and hear the small drops of urine hit the peanut shell laden floor; I didn't care.

Even after the food was delivered and consumed, Master had us stay there for coffee and conversation for another hour. Once we were finished, I stood – my dress completely soaked at the back and some dampness in the front – and I could feel the eyes on me - I could hear the snickering and the jeering...one woman even called me a heathen – I didn't care.

My sandled feet were still wet with hours worth of small, incontinent streams and it caused my feet to squeak against the pissed on material with every step I took – I didn't care.

I felt the warmth again as Master stood there to pay and a smallish c.d. sized puddle formed between my feet - while drops rolled down my inner thighs – I didn't care.

Master strapped me into the backseat, as usual and we headed home. By the time we made it home, my dress was more soaked and even as I stood from the car I felt my stream start again (thank you, Gravity) – I didn't care.

My Master was going to bless me with another child and not a damn thing else mattered.

Come January, hopefully, I will be pregnant again, with Master's child. I can NOT wait. <3

*002*2017-08-28 03:31

I would do anything for Master to breed me again – I wasn't embarrassed or anything!

