Desperate flight home

Author: theGAME777

*000*2018-05-30 12:57

So I went to go visit some friends of mine in Georgia this past weekend. The weekend was so much fun, but as with all good things they must eventually come to an end. Monday eventually came and it was time to go back home. I awoke early for my drive into Atlanta airport, which was at least 2 hours long. Add in the heat, humidity, the need for caffeine, and straight thirst, and I had polished off a coke and a bottle of water till I got to the airport.

Once inside the airport of course there isn't time to pee so unfortunately there's no choice but to hold it in until you get checked in and through security. I still found myself thirsty and drank another bottle of water while waiting. Part of me was thinking, I shouldn't drink this water since I already have to pee, but another part of me is thinking, you don't want to get dehydrated. The latter part of me won. My bladder continued to fill as I worked my way through security, to the point that I had to give my crotch a few discreet squeezes as I waited.

I FINALLY passed through security and thought to myself, I need to find a bathroom.....until I looked at the time on my phone. Then I thought to myself, shit, there isn't time. The plane is going to be boarding soon. I'm gonna have to hold it. I thought ok, I can make it. What choice do I have but to hold it in at this point. I got on the tram and began my journey to the gate, needing to give my crotch a few more squeezes along the way.

As I arrived to the gate my need to pee was now at about an 8/10. However, there again was no time to go. I boarded the plane and took my seat. The plane itself was very full, which on hindsight was a good analogy to my aching bladder, which by this point was screaming for relief. Unfortunately, there was again no time to pee so I was forced to continue holding it in. The airplane seatbelt only seemed to make matters worse, as seatbelts always seem to do against a full bladder.

As the plane was taxiing into position I'm continuing to squeeze my thighs and my crotch more frequently now. I'm also biting my lip and looking out the window to try and take my mind off of what at this point was my rock hard bladder. The plane finally took off and I was thinking, as soon as the seatbelt sign is turned off I'll go pee.

After about 15 minutes the seatbelt sign finally went off. I was about to get up and make my way to the bathroom when I saw 2 ladies and a guy get up in front of me. I thought to myself ok, I will wait until they are done, and then I will get up and go. I saw the 2 ladies make their way through the restroom and back to their seats. The guy was about to go in and I was about to get up when the pilot came over the intercom and said for everyone to return to their seats. Their would be turbulence and he was turning on the seatbelt sign. The guy who was about to go into the bathroom returned to his seat and I remained in my seat, continuing to hold my pee with every fiber of my being. My bladder was at a 10/10 at this point. I put the tray table down at this point so I could hold myself to keep my pee in. My bladder was soo stupidly full at this point. I felt like I had gallons of pee screaming for release.

After about 10 minutes the seatbelt sign finally went off and I was about to get up to go to the bathroom, when I saw the attendants bringing out the snack carts. I thought oh for god's sake. Since this was a very full plane there was no way for me to get around the cart and the attendant. I sat back down, my bladder throbbing and screaming for relief. At this point I thought to myself, it's either the bathroom or my pants. Since the aisles were blocked by the snack carts and the attendants serving snacks I thought my pants it is. I put the tray table down and relaxed. Almost immediately I felt the first dribble escape into my boxer briefs.

After a second or two it stopped, and then I dribbled again for a second or two. I felt better after I did this as it took the edge off, so to speak. I dribbled off and on for the rest of the flight and into the airport. I FINALLY found a restroom in the airport and drained my bladder for almost a full minute. It was ecstasy to finally pee after holding it in for all that time. My boxers were pretty damp and my jean shorts had a wet spot in the crotch (which I attached a pic of). After inspecting the damage I thought, oh well, shut happens, what are you gonna do?

$$

*005*2018-06-21 12:15

{{On 6/18/2018 at 7:36 PM, trackboy said:

Why did you not shove the snack carts out of the way?????? that is what i would have done.

}}

Lol! Hmmmm, let's see.....risk getting arrested for disruptive behavior or pee my pants....I'll choose peeing my pants any day of the week and twice on Sunday

