Holding Contest - Colab with user Marlee

Author: AceJohnson

*000*2019-03-14 04:43

I'd like to start this off by saying that this is my first ever story. I haven't written anything like this before, and I really hope it goes well. If anyone has suggestions for how I can improve please let me know. I hope you enjoy!

My Girlfriend and I have recently discovered that we are both into Omorashi and wetting. Tonight we decided to try to do a holding contest to see who can actually hold more. We decided that both of us would drink 16 oz of water every 30 minutes until the inevitable happens.

For a little bit of description of myself: I am around 6 feet tall with dark brown hair. I am very tan and usually go to the gym around once or twice a week to stay in shape. At the time I was wearing a pair of grey boxers underneath some black Pajama pants as well as a black shirt. The pants had an elastic waist band that cut deep into my bladder(which was a decision I regretted making in the end). As for my girlfriend, she is around 5'8" - 5'9", has blonde hair and is the most beautiful person I have ever seen. She was wearing a nice blue and white striped T-shirt dress as well as some dark grey panties underneath.

Rules:

16 oz per 30 min

Make sure that both of us are drinking the same fluid (water, tea, soda, etc...)

No leaking on purpose

Hold until someone gives up or wets themselves

The punishment must be decided before the end of the contest

Can either be the same for both people

Can be individually decided for either person

With all of that being said, here we go!

We decided to start our hold at 7:30 by drinking our first 16 oz of water. At this point we had both already used the restroom, and were completely prepared for the night a head of us. While we are not actually together, we keep in touch on the phone and make sure to hold each other accountable. The first 30 minutes were not that bad, we just sat in each of our beds talking on the phone. We were mainly just trying to figure out the punishments on each of our ends for when either of us lost. We came to the conclusion that throughout the next day, the person that lost would not be able to touch themselves while continuously being teased by the other.

When it was time to drink the next 16 oz (8:00) that's when I started to feel all the water start to move into my bladder. It wasn't too uncomfortable, but I knew that based on how fast the water started to move down that I was in for a challenge. However, whenever she asked if I was feeling anything I said No (what else was I supposed to do???????). I had to make sure that she knew that I was going to win! Though at this point I knew she was feeling it. She was taking deep breaths and muttering stuff under her breath. I knew that the win was completely within my grasp. Though once the second 16 oz started making its way to my bladder I wasn't so sure. I started to feel it stretching against my waistband and that's when my first wave of desperation set in. I felt a small dribble leak out onto my boxers.

Then came 8:30 which was when i really started to get worried. I felt the next 16 oz almost immediately make its way down into my bladder and fill me up to the brim. The next 30 minutes would be a huge struggle. I wouldn't be able to show any signs of my desperation even though I was absolutely bursting at this point. I was not going to give up though. There was no way I could loose to my girlfriend. We had each done holds for me before, but I had never done one with her. I had always told her that I could beat her any day, and I was 100% intending to show her up during this competition. I was really feeling it though. I wasn't sure that I would be able to make it much longer. My legs were shaking as I tried to keep quiet about my desperation. I was leaking every few seconds at this point. After a few minutes the desperation subsided though. I was finally able to regain control of myself and stop shaking. I would be able to make it.

9:00. At this point my girlfriend and I were both obviously trying to hold back the ocean that was contained in our bladders. I wasn't absolutely bursting anymore though. The next wave of desperation was yet to hit. She was definitely feeling it though I would ask her questions to which she only responded with one or two word answers with no follow up. I was definitely going to win. It was just time to watch everything unfold. Right as I had this thought, the next wave of desperation kicked in. 

It was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much worse. Right as it hit I felt a huge spurt leak out. I didn't look at how big it was on my pants, but I felt it go onto my bed and leave a wet spot. My hand immediately went to my crotch so I could regain control. I kept telling myself that I could make it while also whispering a numerous amount of expletives under my breath, just quiet enough so that my girlfriend wouldn't hear. My bladder was stretched far beyond its limits now. I could feel the waistband of my pants just digging into my bladder and making it worse and worse.

By the time 9:30 rolled around my girlfriend was absolutely bursting. She finally confessed that she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. despite this she would still not accept her defeat. I knew that I could make it longer. I have been in worse circumstances. I have been able to make it further than this before. I could make it, right????????? At this point I completely gave up trying to hide my desperation. I started breathing heavily and wouldn't stop talking about how bad I needed to go. It was a game of sheer willpower at this point. Neither of us were in any mindset to lose, and we definitely didn't want to have to deal with the consequences of losing. I could not stop leaking, and my girlfriend was definitely leaking all over her floor.

We both agreed that we wouldn't drink at 10:00 on account of our sheer desperation. Though this was quickly broken in an attempt to make the other person go to the restroom. We couldn't make it much longer. We just couldn't. I felt a rush of pee spurt out of me, and I knew I was done for. I ran down to the restroom and told her that I couldn't make it. I went for a solid minute before I was completely emptied out. I was so relieved, but I was not looking forward to dealing with the consequences following the next day.

