Hold (wearing pad)

Author: IAmCrazy132

*000*2016-11-17 02:23

I'm starting on a somewhat full bladder, but it isn't too bad yet. It's 7:04, and I plan to hold it till at least 8:00. I'm wearing a thick menstruation pad in place of a diaper, and for those who like description, a black-and-white striped miniskirt with a black tank top. I'll drink one small glass of water every time I update. At the moment, I'm a 2/10 on the desperation scale.

7:20

I just drank the water, and I can already feel it! I'm lying on my stomach, which makes it worse. I'm scrolling through the "wetting experiences" page while I do this, and it's definitely affecting my bladder lol.

7:30

Still only a 2.5/10, but the water is making me uncomfortably full. Hopefully it'll reach my bladder soon! Ironically, I'm listening to a song about drowning ("Cybernetic Entities" by Madame Macabre) and that probably isn't helping... okay, I feel it now. 3/10.

7:40

Wow, that escalated quickly. 5/10, and I'm pressing on my bladder to make it worse. I'm crossing my legs a little, but it's not urgent yet-I have the worlds most stubborn bladder. While I wait, I'm going to take one of those "how bad do you need to go" tests, and hopefully I'll make some progress. I've only been really desperate once, but that's a different story ;)

7:50

6/10! I'm lying on my stomach with a Kyubey plushie (Puella Magi Madoka Magica) pressing into my bladder, and I really need to go! I'm not going to drink anymore water, but I will hold it until 8:30 instead of the originally planned 8:00.

8:00

Okay, I'm really getting desperate. 8/10 at least. Crossing my legs and squirming, super uncomfortable! I am going to FLOOD my panties!

8:10

9/10. Sorry, but I gave up! I ran to the bathroom, threw my skirt on the floor, and sat down on the toilet with my panties still on. I took a deep breath, relaxed, and absolutely saturated my underwear. The pad held it for maybe...seven seconds? After that, urine gushed through it and into the toilet. I was going for at least half a minute, and when I finally finished, I had to shake a little to get all the pee out of my undies! I took my panties off carefully and noticed that the pad was so wet, the adhesive had stopped working. That's how bad I had to go! I threw the pad in the trash, then cleaned the floor (a few drops got on it when I took my wet panties off) and dried my legs with a towel. There wasn't an odor because of all the water I drank, so I just ran some water over my panties and hung them up to dry. (I'll wash them later, don't worry!) Best hold I've ever done, although to be fair, it's just the second.

