Pissed my skirt on the stairs

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-02-20 01:07

As you've probably noticed, I have a lot of time on my hands my pee desperation has been happening pretty quick, and the line between having control and giving up to avoid embarrassment is a fine one!

I started drinking water at 1:30 today. It takes a while for me to feel anything, so I kept drinking and reading. 4 o'clock rolls around and I finish a third glass of water. My roommate asked me to take him to work, so I put on some jeans and we leave together. As soon as I get in the car, I can feel the familiar bladder pain starting up. Not really a big deal because it's a short drive. By the time I get home, however, I'm tapping my dance and dancing in my seat. I really did not want to piss these pants. I hurried down the stairs to my apartment, and run inside to change.

Lately I've been fantasizing about peeing in a skirt so I frantically start looking for a cute pair of underwear. I chose orange panties and a short black skirt. At this point, I'm practically running because I'm so close to pissing all over the carpet. I race to find my phone, and decide my best option is to go to the secluded grassy area behind my building. I exit the front door, pee dancing the entire time, and turn on my camera because I knew I was about to piss myself...

As soon as I get up the first set of stairs, I knew it would be way too risky to cross the parking lot in such a desperate state. I was completely hidden from sight in the stairwell, standing on the landing between my door and the neighbors, so my bladder gave in and I began peeing down my legs. I looked around in embarrassment around to make sure no one was coming, all while trying to regain control. My pussy ached with pleasure and I began to shamefully flood my panties, making a puddle at my feet.

Once the desperation passed, I came inside and changed. I still have to go, so I'm very glad I'm home alone

20210219_163711.mp4

*003*2021-02-20 04:18

{{43 minutes ago, Figgitydoo said:

Wow. Nice work.

I'd be terrified to do that at my apartment. There are cameras everywhere.

}}

It was pretty terrifying! I'm lucky my apartment is basically underground

*006*2021-02-20 05:07

{{34 minutes ago, C.omoguy said:

It is good that you enjoy your fantasies, you look very pretty with a skirt, you really have me hooked on your videos, as always your desperate legs drive me crazy and your sighs are so sweet and hot, a beautiful, sensual and hot wet scene going down your legs.

I kept thinking about your orange panties, but I like to create a visual image in my mind of how your orange panties got wet.

Thank you for sharing your wet scenes, so cute and pretty darling

}}

For you...

$$

*020*2021-03-13 09:05

{{On 3/4/2021 at 6:19 PM, coloradowet said:

Are those "Jocky" branded panties? they look like my favorite fitting and color of my panties i wear as "manties" Great color when wet, great fit for someone equipped with a pocket hose and they dry well!

Thanks for sharing the experience, although the thrill of omo and city life is deep for me, its been fun being a country "omo freak" with-out much worry of being caught...

Thanks for sharing and stay wet!

}}

I think they are Auden brand. One of my favorites!

