Bursting Experience

Author: BENAir01

*000*2017-12-06 19:26

I had quite a bursting experience today and thought I would share it. For some background, Im 19, about 5'4, and on the smaller side. Ive been home from college for December break for about a week and decided to go out to lunch with some friends today. Now I generally have quite a large bladder, but after what happened today, even I was kind of worried.

I woke up at around 8 am and went to the bathroom then. The plan was to pick up my friends from one of their houses at 11:45, so I left my house at 11:30. I live in what one could describe as a small city or a suburb of a much larger one, so there can be traffic at times and it can take some time to get from one place to another. Anyway, I digress. I hadn't peed before leaving as I didnt have to go and my bladder is large, but as I was picking up my three friends, I could start feeling stuff in my bladder.

We went to this little noodle shop in the downtown, and were there by about 12:15. I ordered a soup, as did two of my friends, and the portions at this place are quite large. As a growing boy, I quickly devoured my own soup and had some of my two friends, plus I had 2 or so glasses of water. There were no bathrooms at this place, so I was hoping we would leave, as I definitely had to go somewhat bad, but we still had 30 minutes of parking and my friends wanted to go to the tea shop next door. I thought about it, and although I had to go pretty bad by this point, I accepted because some caffeine sounded good.

I got a 12 oz green tea and drank it quickly, as by this point I really had to go and had things to do, so we walked back to the car. I was bent over a little, and also wondered if any of my friends had to go, but there were no bathrooms in the parking garage, so we just left.

Heres when things got sketchy. One of my friends lives all the way on the other side of town. It took us a solid 15 minutes to get to her house and 20 minutes to get back to my other friends houses. We listened to the radio, which was nice because it took my mind off my need, but I was really bursting now. Finally I dropped off my two other friends, and then drove the 10 minutes back to my house. I got back at maybe 2:15 or 2:20. I could feel a bulge in my stomach, and had a large pain in my abdomen every time I took a step. I almost peed on some bushes outside my house, but my parents had guests over. I walked in, said hi to them, and talked with them for a few minutes, but my bladder was screaming at this point. Finally I got out of talking to the guests, rushed upstairs, and went to the toilet, where I peed for quite a long time. I didnt get a chance to time it, but it must have been between 45 seconds and 1:00 plus. It was the clearest pee Ive ever had and felt amazing.

Annoyingly, i hadn't really fully emptied my bladder, so I had to use the toilet again another 4 times on the next hour or so.

Overall, a really interesting experience, and although I was quite uncomfortable at times, it was quite fun.

