Finally did it

Author: Calvin1

*000*2019-11-06 05:22

I finally did it. I a m fairly new to this and you all have been great. I mentioned in one of my posts that I wanted to pee myself in public, and also just once in front of my roommate. Well, with the encouragement of a couple, I did somewhat accomplish my first goal. Tonight, I was able to accomplish, mostly, my second goal.

I have been on a work trip for the last four days and got back home tonight. She said that she was in her way to pick me up from the airport. I was not needing to pee just then, but I figured, until she got there, a 16oz bottle of water and a soda might at least make me a little uncomfortable. At the time I wasn't planning to pee. She arrived 1hr later and I got in the car, at this point I could have gone, but still not bad. The drive home went well, we talked about the usual, family, friends etc. When we pulled into the driveway, as I exited the car, I decided to just release a little, not even a second, just to get that little adrenaline rush.

I needed to get my bags out of the trunk, and she needed to get some other bags out. We were standing there talking and I figured I would try to let some more out. Now I was wearing black pants so it probably would not show, or so I thought. I released a little more, more than expected, because this time I felt it wet the front and start running down my legs. She did not notice, even though she was facing me. What a feeling....She went to open the back door, and as she was looking for her keys I slowly leaked into my pants .....bliss, fast heartbeat. Luckily nothing dripped. She opened the door, we went in, I could feel the wetness down the insides of my pants but the black did not show anything. We stopped in the kitchen out the bags down, I know she asked me a question, but I honestly can't remember.

I answered something, but at this point I was definitely having a continuos leak going, and I knew I was going to loose it any second. I was not ready to have a complete accident in the House. If maybe we had still been outside, who knows. I quickly excused myself, went as calmly but quickly to my room and into the bathroom where I finished peeing. It was not quite the accident that I had planned, but still fun. I know she has no idea that I enjoy this, so since she did not see, or at least was very good at pretending not to notice, I will now somehow plan a big accident.

I am not sure what her thoughts are, but she has brought up the subject of what I would do she were to have an accident, and there have been times when I have seen her desperate, rubbing her belly, and showing me her goosebumps because she has to pee. I have been desperate in front of her as well, one time to the point where I was holding my crotch and she kept looking over when she thought I was not noticing her. I don't know if she was curious or not. Let the planning begin.

*002*2019-11-06 17:35

{{8 hours ago, soo-pis-sed said:

Being open about being desperate doesn't necessarily mean she enjoys it, but who knows? Imagine the fun if you find out she does.

}}

Yes, she is an enigma wrapped in a mystery, to paraphrase. She told me about her accidents and I have seen the evidence of one, yet when it comes to the human body, sex, or touching, anything like that, poof, she wants nothing to do with it. Not that I am pushing for or attempting anything. Just under normal conversations.

She does tend to not go for a long time, though. Then suddenly, out of the blue, she will say how bad she needs to go. There have been times in stores where she will let me know how desperate she is, but will continue shopping, we leave, then in the car, usually on the freeway, she mentions, that she forgot to go. Back at the house she quickly vanishes into the bathroom. Or if we stop at a gas station, she runs in.

Ah well, maybe it is a secret best left unknown, and enjoyed for what it is. If she likes the desperation or not who knows.

*004*2019-11-07 15:54

Thanks for the confidence boost. I am trying to see how I can plan this or better yet not plan and just let it happen.

*006*2019-11-07 18:00

Can't wait to read it.

*009*2019-11-07 18:23

Those would be fun ideas, but she doesn't drink. Also, I don't want to force or make her wet herself by pressuring. Tickling, completely out of the picture, if she were my girlfriend, or we were in a relationship then yes, but we are roommates, friends, yes. I think best bet is to just see how she reacts if I have wet myself.

{{1 minute ago, soo-pis-sed said:

Groping people without consent is not a great idea.

But an improvised holding contest may be a perfect way to start a conversation. Like, she's "I need to go to the bathroom," and you're "I do, too, but I can wait a bit, you?"

}}

I like that idea....I will try that next time. I am almost positive that will work, and at least if I pee myself, I can maybe make a little joke like "woops guess I couldn't." Thanks.

*011*2019-11-07 18:34

{{Just now, Tonsor said:

My bad. I figured you were at least really close since you're roommates. Sounds good though.

}}

No worries. There are times when we have been out and many people think we are married or a couple. We did try, but romantically we just don't match. That is how I know, intamcy and touching not her thing. Sad...

*013*2019-11-07 18:39

Sadly, yes. But we are still good friends, otherwise we would not be roommates...

*014*2019-11-07 18:45

I guess I also want to clarify my first response. Unless it was ok, I don't think I could even tickle a girlfriend or force her to pee herself unless she is willing. I think the holding contest is the best, because it is voluntary for both.

