Desperation at Work

Author: Lips

*000*2018-07-20 03:43

Wow! It's been years since I've had a decent wetting or desperation experience to write until today .

My ringtone was ringing in my ear at 5 am this morning. I opened up my eyes and reached for my phone to see who was calling me at this hour, although I already knew before I did. I quickly glanced down at my phone and sure enough, it was him. I quickly answered his phone call.

"Hello?" I answered in a groggy tone, Despite knowing who was on the other side of the phone, my brain has yet to process still as I feel my eyes becoming heavy once again.

"Hey" He responded in his usual sultry tone.

"Oh! Hey Sean!" I immediately perked up at the sound of his voice.

So from there, we chatted a lot, asking each other about work life as well as personal...And sexual.

After our phone sex session, we talked for a little more. I made a mention of needing to pee a little bit and his voice changed into a sultry-like tone, I knew I officially stirred the pot. And the first thing he said was "get some water". Since I was still pretty horny and was somewhat in the mood for holding, I did what I was told, but not without giving him somewhat of a hard time first. I played it innocent...at first.

"Do I have to get up and get water? I want to stay in my bed, it's so comfortable." I said in a whiny tone.

"Yes, you do - Now do it." He ordered.

"mmm...Fine" and went and did what I was asked, feeling a slight tingle in my pussy. At that moment, I wanted him here with me in person. But I shook myself away from those thoughts as I was on borrowed time before work started. It was already 6 am, So I didn't have much time to sit there and think a lot at the moment about that. I returned to my room with a bottle of water in my hand and sat on my bed, awaiting his next instruction.

"Drink!"

I messed with him again before taking a few sips from my water bottle. We went off topic, chatted some more before going back into our roleplay. By then, I had already finished one bottle of water. He told me to get another water bottle and drink that one as well. I was already a 6.5 on a scale of 1-10. But I wanted a challenge, So I drunk the second bottle as well.

Well...I wasn't prepared for what my morning challenge would bring.

###

After I drunk those 2 water bottles, my 6.5 quickly shot up to an 8.5. It didn't help I never had my morning pee either. We were still talking on the phone well past 7 am, but I was incredibly desperate to pee. I asked him many times to let me use the bathroom - But of course, he declined. I was squirming in my bed, trying not to move too much, but it seemed I could never find a comfortable spot to let the pressure in my bladder stop bothering me. I released little moans as I squirmed, much to his delight. I realized time has quickly passed, It was 8 am already and I need to get ready for work and make it there before 9. I quickly got off the phone with him and told him I would contact him as soon as I got to work.

I sighed in relief that they didn't suspect a thing. I called Sean and alerted him I was at work, It was only 8:30 so I had 30 minutes to kill. We continued our conversation and I walked in slowly while slightly hunched over. I needed to keep my composure. I didn't need my co-workers to think I was a little girl that couldn't control her bladder. But dammit! I was bursting and if I didn't get to a bathroom soon...I remembered there was one by another entrance, So I slowly walked over to it trying not to leak into my panties along the way. I felt my cheeks burning with embarrassment along the way.

I finally got to the bathroom, I looked around to make sure no one was there, I went into one of the stalls with Sean still on the phone. I was finally in front of a toilet, but I knew I couldn't use it yet...I knew he wouldn't let me off the hook that easy.

"Don't go yet, leak into your panties"

"But I need to go..." I said, losing my composure I had and crossed my legs while grabbing my crotch in the stall. The toilet was right there!

"Mmm...do it." At this point, I was very horny, desperate, on the verge of being more embarrassed. But I did what he asked, I let a little bit flow into my panties, it started to feel good actually...Until I had reminded myself I was at my work environment. I quickly snapped out of it and resumed crossing my legs and squirming.

" I did it..."

"Mmm...more" I heard him breathing heavy on the other end.

"But I'm not sure if I can-" Before I could finish my sentence, I heard a few women came into the restroom. I had to think quick. If they see me standing up hobbled over in my stall...So I sat down on the toilet to make it seem not so suspicious...while still talking on the phone with him...At this point, I felt my cheeks burning hot. and was extra nervous. And sitting on the toilet did not help my situation at all. I thought for sure I was going to piss through my pants. But to my surprise, After everyone came and did what they needed, I pulled through somehow.

"...That was close." I said, making sure I was the only one in the bathroom. I got up from the toilet seat and resumed my desperation dance. He asked me to leak into my panties 2 more times and I did, feeling mixed emotions each time I did.

"I did it.."

"Good...now, sit on the toilet and piss through your panties."

I didn't even bother to debate him, I leaked multiple times at this point and my black pants at the crotch area were a little damp. I just wanted to relieve my aching bladder of piss and pressure. I happily just pulled down my pants, sat back on the toilet with my panties on, and pissed through my panties, sighing in relief while also moaning a little bit. I think I damn near had an orgasm, hehe.

After I did that. I stripped myself of my former panties, Wiped myself down, put back on my pants, wrapped my panties in paper towels, and put them way down in the bathroom's trash can. I hopped off the phone with Sean and wished him a good day.

I can honestly say I felt good but dirty...In a good way that is.

Today was definitely a good day.

