Sarah's Diaries : My accident Prone Wife

Author: jasonpa

*000*2016-05-17 22:44

Sarah is my wife of 12 years and mother of our two sons aged 9 and 6. She is a slim and attractive and has long ginger hair, she would say she is a red head but I am sure you get the picture.

We met at university, love at first sight, well more lust at first sight if I am honest. We have had 13 years of marriage, mostly happy though Sarah did have an affair 4 years ago, which I am still struggling to forgive her for, but that's another story. Though that break down in trust has I suppose led me to feel little remorse in writing about her.

Whilst my career peaked some 10 years ago, its steady and that's all I want, Sarah is a high flying career woman and is a technical director of a software house, a male dominated environment (and hence the affair)

Since I have known Sarah she has always had bladder issues, from leaving it to late and getting caught short, to dribbling slightly over time and having to change. Don't get me wrong she isn't what you would consider incontinent, she does not wear diapers or anything, however over the years there have been more than a handful of incidents.

Occurrences aren't daily, or even weekly however thinking back and obviously these are only the ones I have witnessed (she would never admit to any) I would say that:

Having to change underwear but not visibly wet = 20 timers per year

Visibly wet = 6 or 7 times a year

Uncontrollable wetting = 2 times a year

Sarah's accidents are not something to be discussed, they are never even mentioned, she is adamant she does not have a problem, it is a taboo subject in our house. If I told her I enjoyed them she would think I was some kind of weird crack pot.

So that's the background, here are two examples of her accidents:

Sunning Herself in the Garden

It was August last year (2015), I was having a kick around in the back garden with the boys, Sarah was in a white bikini reading a novel (50 shades of grey I think) sunning herself.

Suddenly she put her book down and headed for the patio doors. She was just about to step inside when she froze, she groaned “Oh shit” and a second or so later began to pee on the floor. Her feet were apart and her yellow urine just cascaded through her bikini splashing on the flags.

“Mummies weeng her pants” announced my youngest and my jaw dropped as all three of us just stood and watched.

Sarah was powerless to stop the flow and clearly did not want to wet the carpet by running inside, it was an incredible sight.

Home from Work

This incident happened just after the new year, I had the day off to look after the children (being on less money) as they had yet to go back to school after the Christmas break.

I was cooking the evening meal when I heard Sarah come in, she usually comes straight into the kitchen and says hello but this time I heard her run straight up the stairs.

Ten minutes had passed and I still had not heard from here so I went upstairs to see where she was and what she was doing. I went into our bedroom , Sarah was in the en-suite, the door was ajar, just enough to see in.

She was wearing a white blouse but was naked from the waist down. I could see her skirt and underwear in a pile by the toilet. She grabbed the towel and began to dry her legs, inner thighs and her spare almost orange pubic area. Clearly she had not made it to the toilet in time.

I would have loved to have gone in, asked her for details and then examined her wet clothes, but I didn't I just went back downstairs and made the evening meal.

I hope you enjoyed the 2 wet episodes and a little background. If you would like more details or further wet examples I am more than happy to provide them.

$$

*006*2016-05-18 22:59

Firstly thank you for the positive feedback.

Enveous - Would have loved to have examined and sniffed her wet clothes, but its very rarely she leaves them lying around long enough. The sooner she can get them in the washer and destroy any evidence the better. She is away on business tonight I will try and go through her overnight bag on her return.

Wettingman – She may very well leave it a little late but she definitely has issues. I have in the past caught her with what can only be described as incontinence underwear / diapers on.

Helena – Love to tell her but I now 100% how she would react and its not good.

Barry – Looks like we are in very similar boats. My sex life though slightly better than yours has become a fortnightly wam bam thanks, role over and sleep, with no excitement. We have tried to rekindle that spark but I can't knowing she has had an affair..

Sarah has never told me about an accident, she would deny everything. I would love her to tell me all about one, what she was feeling, did she get a sudden urge, did she feel humiliated etc.

One thing I haven't mentioned so far is the countless times I have had to act as a lookout while Sarah squats. Bushes, hedges, behind bins, side of the car you name it I have done it. Its my job to watch out for onlookers and pass the tissues as and when required.

Most are relatively uneventful, though occasionally she will have to dry her panties, even change them sometimes (she does carry spares) and always blames me if they are wet. Sometimes she asks for a tampon, I like to watch her change. Am I odd?

Once she was peeing and a bloke suddenly appeared walking his dog. Sarah jumped up, pulling up her jeans in the same instant. She has never been able to stop mid flow and this was no exception.

Can most women stop mid flow?

