Jigsaw puzzle challenge

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-05-12 16:29

So, this happened quite a time ago already, but I haven't had time and strength to write about it before.

It was a morning, a really good one actually. I made coffee for myself, as usually and looked my unfinished Star Wars jigsaw puzzle on my table. I had a lot of time in my hands that day, and I hadn't made any progress with the puzzle for ages. I thought that now was the moment to change that and add some holding fun to it, too.

The deal was that I need to keep doing the puzzle as long as I cannot hold it anymore. I need to do my best in both, doing the puzzle and holding.

I was still wearing my pajama pants, tank top and woolen stockings. I put some energetic music playing in the background and filled my favorite coffee mug; Iittala's black and white 0,4 l TAIKA mug. I sat in front of my upcoming challenge, my mind filled with hopes.

After a while, my mission started to feel impossible. I had already put all easy pieces and finding places was hard. Minutes and then another minutes passed, I had drunk half of the mug and managed to fit together a few pieces, but couldn't put anything in the actual puzzle.

I have to say, I was frustrated. There was still a lot of time left, since I didn't feel even the slightest need to pee.

"I should get at least something done." I thought, but lapsed into desperation again once I looked back to the puzzle. Every damn piece looked too similar.

Then, it happened. I actually found ONE fitting piece and I was really happy about it. My hope was regained. But it didn't last long. I filled my mug and started to be discontent again. It was like every piece I needed would have been missing, gone to the outer space of missing puzzle pieces.

My bladder was also filling up. The need to go wasn't huge, but it was still hard to concentrate. Finding pieces wasn't easy when I didn't need to pee, now it was even harder. There was half left in my mug. I rubbed my face annoyed. Bladder pressure was pretty heavy. I stared the puzzle hopeless, like I would've been waiting the right pieces to appear just by a single thought. I crossed my legs to help holding, the need to go was growing fast.

The rocking trees behind my window started to feel a way more interesting than that damn puzzle. I stared out of window quite a while and my mind was wandering... I don't know where, but when I looked back to the puzzle, I suddenly, like by some kind of a miracle, found THREE pieces that fitted.

I was feeling hopeful again and finished my mug of coffee. I filled my glass with water, because there wasn't any coffee left. I got so excited I almost leaked. I then quickly tightened my bladder muscles.

I started to find more and more fitting pieces, but as to my holding, I was in a serious trouble. I was shaking. I was about 7/10, but it waved to 9 and back.

I was now standing, squeezing my legs hard and pressing my hand to my crotch. I didn't want to lose the game immediately after I actually started to find some pieces. I looked in the direction of the puzzle, but I didn't actually see the pieces well anymore. I knew I was almost peeing, as that same familiar tingling met my bottom. I couldn't leave my place yet, I wasn't peeing and I didn't want to break my own rules. But it didn't take long, maybe few seconds. That tingling I felt before is a sign that tells there's no going back anymore, the pee is already almost out.

The familiar warm stream started to fill my undies. I started to run to the toilet (to minimize the damage), peeing all the way. My pajama pants were saggy, so I could feel the pee flowing by my legs and the pajama pants sticking to my skin. After I had finished, I stood still for a moment, feeling relaxed. Then I changed clean and dry clothes and continued my day like anyone else.

