Desperate pee into a bottle and accidentally talking a sip

Author: Mary127

*000*2022-02-05 06:43

This happened back when I played softball for my college team.

Staying well hydrated during athletics is a must, and that’s exactly what I was doing during one game on a hot July afternoon. Even though my bladder was pretty weak compared to everyone else’s, staying hydrated is important, so that’s what I did. All throughout pregame warmups I stayed hydrating. By the time the 5th inning rolled around, I drank 3 12 oz bottles of Gatorade (the yellow kind). As you can imagine, that didn’t sit well with my bladder and I was dying by the time the next inning rolled around.

Since there were a lot of people there, I tried my best to hide it, but it was pretty hard. I was sitting on the bench waiting for my turn to bat, but was simultaneously secretly wishing I didn’t get up to bat, because then everyone would notice my plight. I couldn’t leave the bench because I was in the hole, which means that I was third person that was going to be batting, after the current batter and on-deck batter. I was already considering the bottle opinion and had already unbuckled my belt and pulled my uniform pants slightly down, but I had trouble getting my super tight spandex down because it was up to my waist and I was sitting down. I kept my rubbing my hands on my thighs and grabbing my crotch every few seconds.

Thankfully, we already had two outs by then. But then, batter got a hit, and I was to put in my batting gloves and helmet and get ready to bat after the next batter.

I hardly got any good practice swings in because I was so busy trying to hold it and make it low key, but was failing miserably. I had a softball sized wet spot, which was only growing larger by the minute.

Thankfully, the next batter got out, which meant I didn’t have to go up to bat. I hurried back to the dugout to prepare to go into the outfield and have a quick pee, but I realized that my small bottles wouldn’t be enough. My friend had already finished a really big bottle of Gatorade and i sheepishly asked if I could borrow it. She didn’t even need to ask what it was for because the spot had grown quite large at this point and was growing down my legs slightly. Plus, I was potty dancing, doing my best to hide it, but I was easily noticed. She laughed, playfully teased me, which made me blush, and handed me the bottle.

I went to undo my belt but I couldn’t because I was at that point in desperation where you can’t take your hands out of your crotch for more than a few seconds. As a result, the spot growing larger and larger. She then asked me if I needed help, and I accepted. She undid my belt and started to walk away but I said “WAIT! Can you…do the rest?” She laughed even harder and teased me even more. I was blushing so hard that couldn’t even make eye contact. She pulled down my spandex and panties, which got me a little excited. I finally was able to pee, but i wasn’t able to throw it out yet, so I just set it aside.

I was super thirsty when I got off the field, so I went to take a sip out of the Gatorade bottle that I forgot I emptied my entire bladder into. I quickly realized my mistake, but not before getting a big mouthful of my pee. I spat it out in horror while my friend couldn’t breathe from laughter. She teased me for hours after the game, and I blushed even harder. To this day, I have never drank yellow Gatorade, and I don’t plan on it.

