I wet my grey cycling shorts in my boyfriends face (with pics of the aftermath and peeing in them some more)

Author: AliceWetting

*000*2021-02-22 00:34

I had a little break from posting for a couple weeks due to not having much free time, so tonight I felt like having a little fun and holding.

I started drinking tea maybe around 7pm, I had 3 large teas and me and the bf were chilling in bed. I was wearing my light grey yoga/cycling shorts and felt really naughty and was teasing my bf a lot and he was trying to help me hold it.

So I made him put his head between my legs and he tried to help me hold it as long as possible by pressing his hand into my crotch. I couldnt hold it for long as think my bladder gets used to knowing I'm going to pee soon as soon as I put a towel on the bed so I was desperately squirming.

Eventually I let out a little spurt into his hand while he still had his head between my legs, then after a few more minutes I just let go in them in bed and totally wet myself in his face. He took his hand away and I just wrapped my legs around his head and full let go. Omg it was sooo hot totally peeing myself with pure pleasure while pulling his face towards my very warm soaked crotch with my thighs!

He kept his head between my legs while I wet myself right there in his face, then when I was finished, we took a couple photos, took them off and just hung them over my cupboard drawer to dry. I was so horny, we had some fun straight away, I might put them on again later when I need to wee again...

Heres a few pics of the aftermath, then I still needed to pee a bit more so I got on all fours, and just let the rest of my pee go in them and made my bf take photos!

I guess it's time to drink some more tea now...

Who else is having a naughty wet weekend?

*002*2021-02-22 00:42

{{Just now, C.omoguy said:

Always so spectacular alice, nice wet butt

}}

Thank you! I love how these light grey shorts turn so dark! They feel so thin and stretchy. perfect for a nice hot wetting

*004*2021-02-22 00:47

{{2 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

I love how much the grey shows your wet spot. You two have way too much fun. Super cute as always! Thanks!!

}}

Thank you. Were just about to have some more fun tonight when o need a wee again

*010*2021-02-22 13:25

{{2 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Tell me there are pics of your boyfriend getting all wet. Just imagining what that would be like!

}}

No unfortunately we were having fun and only took pics of the aftermath

*013*2021-02-22 15:07

{{28 minutes ago, Armisyel said:

How lucky are you and your boyfriend that you both enjoy this fetish , by the way I would like to see how your boyfriend tickles you until you wet your pants

}}

Hehe I love being tickled until I wet myself maybe well do a video like that soon!

*014*2021-02-22 17:09

{{3 hours ago, mr-mid-life said:

Loved that! Thank you so much! Sounds like a lot of fun! Those were perfect wetting shorts!

}}

Thank you

{{14 hours ago, dwp said:

Wow, that's so wonderful! You have a very lucky boyfriend!

D

}}

Thank you yea he is lucky I guess but so am I.

Being with him means I get to wet myself literally whenever I feel like it around the house

*016*2021-02-22 23:33

{{54 minutes ago, ilikeadultvids said:

Oh, man. That is so hot. I love face wettings, especially in light gray biking shorts. This is amazing.

}}

Thank you.

Well I can definitely say I really REALLY loved soaking them slowly and sensually in his face while he hugged my crotch tightly.

It's just that sense if forbiddenness and taboo that a girl is not supposed to totally wet herself in a guys face.

It's really naughty and dirty, but in a good way

Theres something just that extra bit more kinky and hot for whenever I do something like that, and he finds it red hot too for some reason...

