Typing As I Wet

Author: lihp

*000*2016-03-26 23:41

I'm sitting here on a bench next to a busy sidewalk as I wait for the sun to set so I can do some night photos. To the people passing by I am guessing I just look like a guy in jeans and a tshirt. Underneath I am wearing protection in my underwear. I'm bold, I wish I was bolder, but I'm not that bored. None of these people walking by have a clue that I'm wearing slightly damp padding in my pants, or a black panty over it. But I know. And it makes me feel a bit naughty.

I've had to go for a while now. But my mind is in a bit of a mental block. Even if I'm pretty sure I won't leak or be noticeable (I hope, or maybe I hope I leak a bit so I can "be caught"?), it is hard to let go of control when you are surrounded by strangers. Even as my desperation builds, the presence of couples and families and random people has kept me from being able to release.

Finally, I've shifted a but so that I'm more relaxed. I can feel it coming, but no relief yet. I am enjoying that pressure as it builds, but I'm longing for the warm release.

I can't really take it anymore. The sun is setting and the crowds keep passing by. I've got photos to take. I've stood up, looking like I'm reading on my phone. That was the trick. As families walk by and a group of attractive women pass on the way to a bar, I can feel the warm explosion as my bladder finally releases. The damp encasment on my body is wet again and perhaps a bit aroused now. The world is passing by, unnoticing that I've decided that I no longer want to hold my urine. That I'm choosing to use my pants instead of finding a toilet.

A quick and subtle check shows that I haven't leaked, yet. It is probably just as well. I'm going to enjoy this wet padding as I go around being a photographer, these people unaware of my underclothing. Later on I may soak through, or perhaps when I'm alone I will ditch the diaper and soak these panties. Time will tell, for now I'm just enjoying the discreet moment. The moment I finally peed myself in the presence of a large crowd.

I hope that you all have a lovely and damp night!

