Wet in front of my friend

Author: Vickypee

*000*2012-04-19 15:16

So Millan and i had been talking lately and decided we wanted to do like a dare or something where we'd both have to do the same type of thing and we came up with a plan that this week we'd wet ourselves in front of a friend...

Yesterday i had my chance when i was going to spend most of the day with a good friend who shares a class with me and we have a project due friday so we were going to spend a lot of time working on it yesterday. ill call her Becky for the story. oh, and i wore pale blue jeans that are pretty tight on me so that it would really show and not be able to hide it from her.

I drove over to her place around 9 in the morning and we worked and then had lunch and then left to drive up to school for our class at 12:30. she drove and i rode in the passenger seat. i had been drinking water the whole time. by the time class was over at 1:30 after drinking more water i was pretty full and needed to pee pretty bad. we had to grab a book from the library and finally left around 2:30 to drive back to her place. by that point i hadnt used the bathroom since before i left my house that morning about and had been drinking a lot of water, so i hadnt peed in like five or six hours and i was really desperate but trying not to show it.

It is about a half hour drive from the college to Becky's house. i knew that i had to make up my mind by then if i was going to do it or not. i was nervous about it honestly. Becky was with me at the movie theater a few years ago when i had the real accident watching Harry Potter 7.1 (ive posted about that one before) and was also at the party a year ago where i peed my shorts on the dare that got me into wetting, so she's seen me pee my pants before, but this was different, planning to do it on purpose like an accident, and i was a little scared. but i also really, really had to pee. once we started driving i sat with my legs crossed and foot bouncing and tried to be more obvious that i needed to pee. then i put my right hand in my crotch to help hold it (and squeeze and rub a little because i was also turned on).

Becky noticed and asked if i needed to pee. I said, "yes, realy bad but i can wait till we get to your place." she said, "are you sure? i can stop at a store?" i said, "no, i just want to get back to your place." she said ok and kept driving. i knew i could hold on plenty long enough to get to her place and use the toilet if i wanted to, but that wouldnt be part of the plan.

I waited until we were closer to her place and said, "god I hope we get there soon, i'm about to pee myself" Becky said, "not in my car you don't! i don't want you pulling a harry potter in my car!" we laughed and i bent forwrad and squeezed and said "dont make me laugh or i'll pee" trying to really make her think i was desperate. i mean, i was pretty desperate but not desperate enough i would be in danger of a real accident soon, but i wanted her to think so. she said "i'm gonna stop somewhere so you can go before you pee all over my seat" i said, "no, just keep going, we're almost to your place, i'll be fine".

When we were about five minutes from her house i knew i was running out of time and had to decide for sure to do it or not. my heart was pounding and i was a little sweaty and nervous but also excited and turned on. having my hand in my crotch squeezing wasnt helping the turned on part! i started saying, "i can hold it, i can hold it, i can hold it" Becky said" you better hold it!"

We pulled into her neighborhood and there is a speed bump we had to go over before her street and i knew that was a good chance so i made up my mind that i was going to do it no matter what. but i didnt want to ruin her car seat either. so we got to the speed bump and Becky said, "hold on tight" and we went over the bump and I deliberately let go for a second and gave a little push and felt some escape and wet my panties and stopped the flow but let out a little more than i had intended. i could feel it wet under my ass and my crotch. i gasped and squeeled a little and said "oh shoot!"

Becky yelled, "what!? what!? you arent wetting in my seat are you? stop it!" i said, "i just peed a little. the bump made it come out, i'm sorry, i dont think it was a lot." i made a show of opening my legs and looking down and feeling for wetness and knew becky was looking down at my crotch too to see. she drove a little faster and said "you better not pee in my seat!" half laughing. she wasnt being mean about it. i could feel wetness on my jeans and see the top bit of the wet spot on my crotch. i closed my legs back shut, kept holding and rubbing and squeezing, and said, "hurry, hurry, hurry" becky said, "i am hurrying! keep holding!" and we laughed and i doubled over a little again and said, "dont make me laugh!"

She swung into her driveway and parked and jumped out and i sat there, my heart was pounding, knowing this was it. this was my chance. do it now or never. she ran around to my side and flung the door open and said, "what are you waiting on!? get out of the car!" i said, "i think if i stand up i might lose it" she said, "i dont care, you're not wetting in my car!" she reached in to grab me to help me out. i kept my right hand in my crotch and "let her" help me out of the car, then stood there by the door kind of doubled over a little, still holding myself, saying, "almost there, almost there, almost there". it was crazy. my body was all tingly and almost numb and my heart was pounding and i couldnt believe what i was doing.

Becky tried to pull me towards the garage to go inside and i took a few steps until i was by the front of the car and decided it was now or never so i let go and... nothing happened for a second - stupid body! i closed my eyes and exhaled and pushed a little and tried to relax but i was so keyed up it was really hard. becky kept saying "come on! what are you doing! you're almost there!" i said, "i'm trying, i just need a second, i..." then i felt my bladder relax and knew it was about to happen. i said, "i think i... oh god..."

I looked down and relaxed and finally was able to let go. the pee hissed into my panties and jeans and the wetness spread out really fast from my crotch and down my legs and i could feel it spreading across my butt and the back of my legs. i almost had an orgasm right then actually. i just stood there wetting myself totally and becky shrieked and said, "vicky! you're wetting yourself! what are you doing!?" i looked up at her, my face all red and hot, and said, "i thought i could hold it, i'm sorry, i just couldnt stop it" she just shook her head and waited and we both watched my jeans turn dark and a puddle grow at my feet.

When i finished i took a couple of steps to get out of the puddle and examine the damage. i said, "ummm, do you think i could borrow some clothes and your shower?" becky came forward and grabbed my hand and said, "thats what friends are for, come on. i'm sorry you pissed yourself." we kind of hugged a little and then she stopped me before the garage house door and closed the garage and said, "i don't want you dripping on the carpet. take the wet stuff off here first?" I blushed and said, "oh yeah, i guess so" she said, "i'l grab you a towel" so she hurried down the hall and i unbuttoned my jeans and pushed them down, peeling them down my legs, and kicked off my very wet sandals, then peeled the jeans off of my feet and shook them out. they were quite soaked! it was great, haha.

Then becky came back with a towel and i was standing there holding my soaked jeans just wearing my soaked pink panties. she said, "you really had to go, huh?" we laughed and i said, "yeah, i just kept putting it off and forgot about it i guess". she handed me the towel and turned around. i peeled off the panties and wrapped the towel around my waist and said, "ok. what do i do with this stuff?" becky said, "let me get a bag" so i stood there, naked from the waist down except for the towel, soaking wet (in more ways that one), holding my pissed jeans and panties. Becky came back with a plastic grocery bag and i stuff them in and then went inside to her bathroom. becky said she'd work on the project some while i showered and would bring me some panties and shorts to wear.

As soon as i got into the bathroom and shut the door i dropped the toewl and leaned against the door and my fingers went straight to work rubbing and i came haaard in seconds and almost fell over. i even couldnt help letting out a moan and some grunting sounds as i kept cumming. it was like my hole body was convulsing. i had literally just finished cumming when becky knocked on the door and i jumped a little and said "what is it?" becky said "ive got your spare clothes. i opened the door a crack and reached out and took the panties and little gym shorts from her. she asked "are you ok?" i said, "yeah, why?" she said, "i thought i heard you like moan or something just now"

I blushed harder and said, "no, i was just mumbling about how stupid it is to pee myself like that at our age" and smiled. she laughed and said, "no kidding. its ok. it happens. to you more than most it seems, but it happens" and we laughed and she left and i shut the door, stripped the rest of the way, took a quick shower to rinse off my lower half, but becky has one of those showers with the detachable head, which makes washing your legs really easy, but it also is great for the ladies, if you know what i mean, and i couldnt help but use it for another orgasm. i got out and dried off and put on her clothes and my shirt and bra back on and went out to work on the project more.

Becky asked again if i was sure i was ok and i said yeah, its fine. it's not like she'd never seen me pee myself before. she laughed and said, "no, thats like, what, three times in the last couple of years?" i laughed and said, "and that's just the three you've seen" and we laughed harder. she said "you mean there's more?" i said "not a lot more but sometimes" she said "like when?" so i told her about when i had my accident in my car back in september (i didnt tell her i had been holding it so i could go home and pee myself on purpose!). and i said that sometimes i leak some if i'm desperate or laugh too hard or cough or something. becky said that happens to her sometimes too but just small leaks. so i said "you've never had a bigger accident?" she blushed and said "well..." i said, "come on, tell me, i just totally pissed myself in front of you. it'll make me feel better." we laughed and she told me her story.

She said that a couple of months ago she had been at work and realy had to pee bad. she's a cashier at a grocery store part time. but they were really busy and couldnt take a break until the crowds thinned out. she had meant to go before the rush but forgot and then when the rush hit and her need came back it was too late to leave so she had to hold it. she said she stood there ringing up customers for a long time, trying not to be obvious how bad she had to pee, shifting from one leg to the other, sometimes crossing them, praying for the rush to end so she could go. but after a while she had to go so bad she was ringing up a customer and felt some come out and she turned all red and stopped it before it got bad but she knew her panties were wet.

At least she was wearing black pants as part of her uniform. she regained control and kept going but a few minutes later she leaked pretty bad again and felt some run down her legs and could feel her pants were wet on her butt and thighs. finally they werent so busy and she flagged down her manager and said "ive got to go to the bathroom!" and ran off to the employee break room/bathroom hoping nobody could see her pants were wet. she leaked some more in the stall trying to get her pants undone and figured she peed about half into her pants before she could finally sit down on the toilet for the rest. she tried blotting her pants and panties dry with toiletpaper but it didnt help much. then one of the female assistant managers came in and asked if becky was in there. She said she would be out in a minute. the manager said "youve been in here a while - are you ok?" beck said "i, um, yeah, i guess so." the manager asked what was wrong and came and stood near the stall door.

Becky said she was really embarrassed but knew she couldnt go back out to work with wet pants (you could kinda tell they were wet in the light even though they were black and most of her butt and down to her knees was wet). so she decided to bite the bullet and said, "well we were realy busy just now and i had to pee really bad" and the manager said, "oh, becky, did you...?" and becky said, "yes" the manager asked "oh dear, is it bad?" becky said "its pretty bad. i think about half came out in my pants" manager said "oh dear, i'm so sorry. do you have a change of clothes?" becky said no. manager said, "well, i'll tell everyone you dont feel well and you can go home, ok? becky thanked her and the manager left and becky pulled her wet pants back up, washed her hands, grabbed her purse, and walked as fast as should could out the front to her car to leave, hoping nobody saw her wet pants. nobody ever brought it up but the manager that knew who asked if she was ok on her next shift.

By the time becky was finished with her story i was turned on again - in her panties! haha i excused myself to the bathroom and rubbed myself again, waited a minute for my blush to go away after my orgasm, flushed the toilet to hide what i had been doing, washed my hands, and went back out, smiling shyly. we worked on the project for another couple of hours and talked about other things but i wonder if she has any other stories. ive replayed the "accident" and her story over and over since i got home last night and cant stop touching myself even though i'm sore now haha

So there you go, two stories for the price of one. im sorry it got so long, i just didnt want to leave anything out cause i know everyone likes details. its kinda more of a book than a story now isnt it? haha hope you like it! :)

*011*2012-04-20 19:54

Thanks everybody! im glad you liked it. i tried to be as detailed as possible without going too crazy haha

{{:

Wow. The more I read stories like this here, the more I know that I MUST build the courage to put myself in a position like this and just let it happen. Your story here really really got to me, because I've been in an almost identical situation with a particular friend of mine (someone I'd most like to have something like this happen with). We were driving to her apartment, going over bumps in the road, me feeling things barely hanging on down there. I made it, but not by much. I took too long in her bathroom touching myself after I peed, and when she knocked on the door and told me to hurry up because she had to pee too, that was what made the big wonderful tremor rip through me... Now you've got me thinking about how to set up the situation again without being too obvious. Your line about wearing her panties while she told you her story made me crazy. I envy you that experience! :)

}}

Hehe. sounds like you missed your chance! you should totally try it and tell us about it!

{{:

Amazing. I could never do that myself, though. Too embarrassing!

}}

I thought it would be too but with a good friend that doesnt know it is really kind of on purpose they are more understanding and dont make you feel bad so it isnt as embarrassing as youd think! you should try it and see! hehe

{{:

Vicky, you are amazing! I never expected that we would go for something this so quickly, but as you said you had a pretty good opportunity, and I'm really glad you took it. It was an incredibly sexy read, both because of the whole thrill in what you did (it's just a really sexy scenario in itself) and because you didn't leave any details out, it's just perfect really.

You see now what I mean with the extra thrill of doing it in either a public place with no one/very few people around or right in front of someone right? Like it's incredibly hot and "real" but at the same time so scary that your heart is about to beat out of your chest, I personally get incredibly nervous as well but these things somehow just add to the hotness of the whole thing :) I don't know how else to explain it, but that is how it feels for me anyway. I'm terrified of things like this but at the same time it's much sexier than just doing it at home or in locations where I can easily get away.

So, I really loved your story! And I can also tell you that I did not let you down, I pulled this off yesterday (thursday) night although I had to do it a bit differently. But I was definitely seen (eeek). I am hoping I will have time to write it down either later today or tomorrow, you really deserve to hear it after doing what you did and posting such an amazing story :)

}}

Yay! i cant wait to hear what you did! it was totaly more scary but more exciting at the same time like you said. it was a little weird being so totally nervous but also so totally turned on at the same time. i was quite wet before i started wetting ;)

*015*2012-04-23 18:11

{{:

This was amazing vicky....i remember the first time i wet myself in front of my friend as a planned occasion.....it was so hot and she was so understanding....this story is brilliant :D x

}}

Aw thanks :) youve got to tell us about your story! :)

