Making the most of a LONG day at work...

Author: LunasAuditor

*000*2016-10-01 11:50

I finally summoned up the courage to do something a little daring so thought I'd share! My first time sharing so be nice!

As I live only a short walk from work it makes sense for me to hold the key to the office... Unfortunately that means I have no excuse when I need to work late...

Normally that's just as dull as it sounds, but yesterday I finally decided "f**k it, I'm going to have fun with this today!" and FINALLY I summoned up the courage to be a little naughty and do something more daring than wetting in the comfort of my own home in a nice comfy nappy!

Some background; I've been having a bit of a tough time of it lately - about 2 months ago I had to take on a heap of extra responsibility when someone left the firm, but then recently my parents had booked a holiday villa in Cyprus the same week I had randomly booked some holiday (last week!), so when I mentioned it they happily offered me the spare room (I love my family!). I had a lovely relaxing time, and besides the warmth and the sun, I had a fair few opportunities - when they'd gone out to see the sights of course - to enjoy wetting myself in and around the pool, in the showers and frankly wherever I felt like! Not exactly daring but just so comforting to be able to dip my toes into the pool and release, or wander out of my beautifully chilled, air conditioned room to... warm myself up... Anyways, as I say nothing daring but definitely fun!

There was a bit of a mix-up with the flights and I ended up getting home from Cyprus at 6am on Monday, with work only 2hrs later and straight back to an entire team with too much work and not enough time. Then it comes to Friday and I've got a tonne of work to do before I leave so I have to stay late to get it done. So there I am at work and our lovely receptionist is the last to leave. Like I normally do when working late, I set my music going and knuckled down. Except that I've been frequenting Omorashi.org recently and in the back of my head I know I'd love to be a little more adventurous with my wetting so an hour or so in I'm getting a bit desperate and instead of relieving myself (I'd have to go upstairs anyway as the downstairs toilets are currently being renovated) I realise I have a golden opportunity...

I made sure to keep well hydrated, each time I went to the water cooler I had a few good swigs and refilled before bringing a pint of water back to my desk. The tea’s free too so I have myself a cup for the diuretic effect – but just the one as I didn’t want to push myself too far! Around 9pm I'm getting to the end of one of the jobs and enjoying that extra focus you get when you're a little desperate, so after checking to make sure there’s definitely no-one around I reckon I can get away with it... It just felt so naughty, being at work in my solitary pool of light surrounded by the dark office, and I let a little go - only a squirt as I had more work to do and definitely couldn't risk wetting my desk chair, but even that's more than I've ever dared before... So I keep working but every now and then I felt brave enough to just let little more escape - maybe three or four times, but I wasn't counting and it was a long evening so it could well have been more!

Funny how work becomes so much more interesting when you reward yourself with a little "burst" of fun...

Coming up to 10pm – I’ve still got work to do but getting ready to call it quits for the night... I'm pleasantly warm and just wet enough to tease but have managed to keep it contained to my trousers and nothing on the chair to give the game away to my happily ignorant coworkers. I pop out for a smoke (only started a month ago with the stress), taking my phone with me into the abandoned car park to bop to "Try Everything" (Shakira's song from Zootopia) while letting just a little more loose in what, to me, is a really public place despite the dark. 

Then to my surprise mid-way through the song some random guy wanders across the car park heading for the supermarket next door, making me self-consciously stop short and pretend I'm normal, despite the Disney music blaring out of the top pocket of my suit. Luckily it's my cheaper one and (though I only checked later) it's practically impossible to tell if they're wet, but not knowing that at the time I just adopted my best "F**k off" demeanour and hoped for the best!

After finally shutting down my computer at nearly 11pm, I rushed myself over to the shop to pick up something quick to cook before it closed - pizza being the best choice - and a couple bottles of wine to pass the remainder of the evening in a more fun haze than the work gave me. Now I’m still too chicken to wet myself somewhere as public as a supermarket, so instead ended up building up the desperation a little more, and once I had my wine I decided to be extra classy and start swigging it as I walked home. Obviously this helped me to refuel and so I kept up the occasional spurt, favouring the patches of dark which the streetlights missed - but as I crossed the river I was overtaken by a couple of lads carrying back a crate of beer and arguing so again I stopped playing and made myself inconspicuous to avoid attention.

Now, I like to play pokemon go when walking to and from work, and already I’ve changed my route to a slightly longer one through the park to pick up the pokestops and gyms. Tonight though I decided that it would be more fun to walk all the way around the park instead of cutting through, to give me more time to indulge myself. I spent about ten minutes off the side of the path fighting a gym, while slowly wetting myself a little more, and luckily no-one else turned up, but as I reached the furthest edge of the park a group of people were out drinking by the canoe club, forcing me to veer off across the grass to avoid them. 

Now safely obscured in the dark again and starting to feel the effects of the wine I stopped to take the second gym in the park and “warm up” my trousers, which were starting to feel the effects of late September temperatures. By now, and despite the wine, I’d been releasing enough that I was no longer remotely desperate, and even starting to run a little empty, so decided it was best to head for home.

Cutting across the grass again in a different direction, and looking up at the stars I’d pretty much forgotten about my long and boring day and was just enjoying the feeling of walking around in wet trousers, out in public, but where only I knew my little secret. I even decided to string it out another minute or two by diverting my direct route home to take in a decent pokemon spawn point round the corner. And of course letting out another spurt while I was there!

But I had to get home at some point, so as I’m walking up the front garden I figured I may as well let it all go and I emptied my bladder. Turns out I had a little more in me than I thought and the progress of the pee down my legs finally brought it into my shoes… It was a bit of a surprise but frankly a pleasant one as I’d reached my front door by then, no-one was the wiser and no harm was done! Even fumbling to find the right key felt a bit naughty as I was completely soaked and my subconscious was telling me I had to get inside before anyone saw me...

After that the tank was finally empty, so I chucked my clothes in the wash, had a quick shower and snuggled down in my PJ’s to watch Guardians of the galaxy, the warm trouser feeling replaced with a warm fuzzy one at having taken my first steps in being more daring with my Omo…

...Well, I hope I did my experience justice and if anyone enjoyed reading it then I'm glad to be able to share with you! (I suspect few people will make it this far as I realise I have a very long-winded writing style, but TBH I've enjoyed sharing it too!)

Feel free to leave comments etc...

*002*2016-10-02 18:07

My pleasure! Kinda fun to give something back since I never would have experimented with it if I hadn't been reading other peoples' experiences and stories on here!

