So high I couldn't feel myself peeing

Author: soakedboxers

*000*2019-11-21 06:04

To preface, i'll say that I have wet myself purposefully before, but I'm always sober. I usually wet jeans than I don't wear normally and boxers in my bathroom, usually standing in the bathtub. I sometimes leak into the jeans around the house, but I never let them get seriously wet on furniture, and never in bed.

Tonight, however, I was really high and felt a need to do a hold and watch some omo videos. I was lying in bed in boxers and thick fleecy pyjama pants, but wasn't planning on wetting. At one point, while watching a video, I felt a strong urge to pee and thought that it would be harmless to let a little bit out. I tried to, but I didn't feel myself peeing, so I assumed I wasn't. I then realized that the urge was fading and touched my crotch, and realized it was wet.

I got out of bed and my saw that my pants were quite wet in the crotch, my underwear was soaked, and that I was still peeing. I had very little control and couldn't make myself stop. I walked to the bathroom, the pants still absorbing most of the pee, and then just stood by the sink and let myself go completely. A rather large puddle formed around my feet, and it kind of felt amazing to just stand there, soaked, after not trying to fully wet myself.

After changing and cleaning up I went back to my bed, and to my surprise my sheets were actually dry.

I think I'll probably try to let a little bit out in bed again, but only if I know I can control it or am prepared to clean. Getting up was so annoying!

*001*2019-11-21 08:58

Also from tonight: laying in bed watching videos, wearing boxers with a small towel folded up inside. When i feel a strong urge to pee I let a little bit out, doing this over the course of an hour or so. I stand up to grab a drink and realize that my boxers have a wet spot on the outside, but my sheets are not wet (thank goodness). I then take a sip of soda (still standing up beside my bed) and spurt quite a bit. I lean down on my knees beside my bed and keep watching videos on my computer, letting out 1-2 second spurts every few minutes as the urge is quite bad at this point but I don't want to get up and have to go to the bathroom.

Eventually I feel a drop start to go down my leg, and try to stop peeing, only to realize that I no longer can. I quickly grab a red solo cup I had in my room from the other night and pull my boxers aside, peeing into it. It relieves a lot of the pressure, but I have to force myself to stop peeing before overflowing the cup. I take off my underwear and carry them and the almost full cup to the bathroom, dumbing the contents of the cup in the toilet and washing my underwear in the bathtub, all while still have an urge to pee and being completely naked from the waste down.

Right now I still need to pee a bit, and will probably sit down and do so on some towel on the floor

*004*2019-11-24 10:13

{{14 hours ago, strokeknight2 said:

I don't smoke very often and I've never been that high before. But now it has me curious. I've been meditating and listening to hypnosis videos and that has caused me to totally wet myself without realizing it, but those times are few and far between. Sounds like getting really high and listening to one might do the trick!

Also, have you thought about trying diapers? They're great for lounging around and wetting without the mess.

}}

Yes, but to be honest I'm too nervous to buy any at the moment, but I might give in to temptation soon

