My boyfriend almost wet himself in Police Academy

Author: Love2hold666

*000*2021-10-10 01:32

So today was my boyfriend's first full day of his police academy. He's got Asperger's like I do, and is extremely shy sometimes. While he was telling me about his day, and all the exercises they had to do, and how he had to pee while next to someone in the bathroom earlier. (Something he would normally never be able to do) What caught me off guard was that he added "Also I had to pee basically the entire time, I damn near gave in and pissed myself on the last mile we had to run".

It was hard not to blush and give myself away. My heart was racing and my clit was throbbing! He kind of knows about my fetish, but he doesn't really know how strong it is for me and I also really didn't want to further embarrass him. His bladder is quite strong, and it takes a lot of water for him to get desperate. The one time he tried to wet himself for me, he ended up not being able to do it out of shyness.

I inquired further and he said "Yeah by lunch time, my bladder was so full that I nearly burst. I was too scared to ask to go and I was literally about to piss my pants. Luckily someone else asked if they could go to the bathroom and I added that I had to as well. By the time I was in front of the urinal, it was slowly coming out into my boxers. My fingers were shaking trying to get my belt off and I was starting to tear up because I didn't know if I'd be able to get my dick out in time. When I finally got it out, it was the longest piss I've ever taken. My battle buddy (the other cadet) didn't make fun of me because he was basically in the same predicament I was in."

He said there were no spots or stains on his pants and it didn't smell, but he was mortified and red in the face by the end of it. Usually, he can't go if someone else is in the room with him, but he was so desperate that he just couldn't hold it in any longer and had to pee in the urinal right next to that another cadet. When he went to shower after telling me all this, I slipped my hand down my panties and made myself cum within a minute... imagining him desperately doing pushups and running, fighting hard not to piss himself. He's only come that close as an adult one other time that he's told me about.

Other cadet* autocorrect got me XD

*004*2021-10-12 01:41

Once he told his friend who's been a police officer for a few years already, he felt better. His buddy has had some really close calls trying to get his duty belt off, nearly having an accident or partially having one more than once. If you guys want, I could tell you about the other near wetting experience he had.

*005*2021-10-12 01:57

Alright he gave me permission to post this one too. He's such a sweetie. He said this experience was much worse and he's lucky he was wearing black pants. We were still long distance at this point.

A few months ago, he was in Target doing some grocery shopping. He'd been staying hydrated. (due to me asking him to, because he was getting headaches from not doing so) He was also concealed carrying a Glock 17, and he's really shy about using the public bathroom with his gun and CC holster for some reason. I guess he was worried about his gun falling out of his pants or something. Idk I do my best not to question his quirks, he's so shy and he can't tell if I'm joking or being mean.

As he's getting food for the week, he starts to have to piss rapidly. He ignored it at first, but by the end of his list he was dancing around a bit. By the time he's waiting to check out, it was easily a 9/10. Eventually he leaks a little and panics internally, ditching his cart at the front of the store and hurries to his car. Getting in his car, he accidentally let out a little bit more.

At the last red light before his apartment, another large leak happens and he's about to give in and flood his car seat. He made it to his door, and a huge gush forces it's way out. He's in tears at this point, and is struggling with the door. More piss starts to leak out, to the point where it's dripping on the concrete.

FInally he gets the door open, and throws his belt and gun/holster onto the bed. He said he was pissing full force for a few seconds while dancing around. He was able to get his pants down to let out a very painfully full bladder out into his toilet. He cried when he told me, but when I told him it turned me on immensely he didn't feel so bad.

SInce then, it almost happened again when I was with him. I had to get kind of Stern with him and force him to use the public toilets, because he had to go #2 as well and I didn't want him to be mortified over a very public accident. He's the type to hold until the very last second without realizing it, he just gets so distracted. It's a wonder that he hasn't fully pissed himself in public as an adult!

