Ashley Mommy Really Needs to Pee!

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-08-08 13:47

This was a delightful surprise at the bookstore that after a day of major holding the universe decided to grant me a rare sighting. There was this big woman who was walking around the store with this little girl and she was sort of walking towards the bathroom but then the little girl starts running and screaming up and down the aisles and the woman starts yelling but trying to be quiet about it but you could hear very clearly what she said "Ashley get back here mommy really needs to pee!" She looked pretty embarrassed when people in the store looked at her when she said that. I couldn't deny that I was smiling to have heard that.

Eventually she managed to get her daughter and then she pretty much pulled her daughter towards the restroom, and I have to admit that I kind of followed them in out of curiosity and mom certainly wasn't lying when she said she had to pee, I can say that much!

So I guess sometimes the universe can be gracious like that.

*003*2021-08-09 14:35

@Peefreak99

"Did she moan or sigh with relief?"

Yes.

@Jessica_Shuler

"I know that my two daughters have caused me some close calls acting like that."

Any memorable stories from that? I find it entertaining when I see a woman struggling with children and a full bladder and maybe it's again because I have the luxury of not having to deal with that myself. I can only recall one occasion I had to deal with a situation like that when I had to take my younger male cousin to the boys restroom and wait for him outside but I couldn't get on line to use the girls restroom because I had to wait for him and watch him and couldn't leave him alone, so I basically had to wait until I met up with the rest of the family later to relieve myself. So I was in a situation where I had to pee really bad and I was standing outside waiting for a boy to relieve himself and it was just driving me completely insane LOL.

