Late night refill

Author: RavenEevee

*000*2015-12-23 16:48

So it's almost Xmas, ive been spending a few days at a friends house, he knows i like peeing and he claims hes into it to but im not so sure. This is the same guy i went to see starwars with. Anyway, i've mentioned bedwetting and peeing off the side of the bed because i hate his house at night, its very creepy and if i get up to go to the bathroom i have to water him up to go with me. So i ask him if i can wet the bed and he says sure. He doesnt have a normal mattress, he sleeps on a air mattress cause his dad wont buy him a real one and is you turn it over its nothing but plastic, perfect for wetting. I drank two bottles of water as i got in the bed, and he drank some to, since i told him i wanted him to do it as well.

I laid there for about an hour before i actually feel asleep, I had a weird dream about school and then i felt it, my bladder was telling me to wake up and go to the bathroom, i dont know what time it was but it wasnt super late because i could see in the room slightly. i didnt want to get up, but something told me not to pee in the bed either. I sat up swung my legs off the edge of the bed and picked up a empty canada dry bottle ive been eyeing since he told me it was ok to pee where i wanted.

I took the bottle and held it close to my area, and relaxed, the pee rushing out quickly, i didnt hold the bottle in the right place at first and the first part of my pee ended up on the floor, but i repositioned it and it went into the bottle smoothly, there was some pee pooled up under me which i used the sheets to wipe away. i have to say once i laid back down i was wet in more was then one, but i was way to tired to do anything. i didnt think peeing in a bottle would so arousing. but im glad i did it, the bottle is still there so next time im over his house i know i dont have to leave the room to pee

