Phone desperation and wetting

Author: kilianj74

*000*2022-01-13 00:19

Anyone ever get desperate or wet themselves while on the phone? This happened to me today. I had just come in from visiting a neighbour (who offered me tea and sherry and I had been talking for a couple of hours.) I decided to make a coffee which I also drank (I have a habit of drinking a lot as I get bored easily) and was playing a game on my phone.

I realised I needed the loo and was about to go when my parents rang me. I talked for a while with my mum but was pacing round the room I was so desperate. But didn't want to own up to my predicament. I was wearing grey smart trousers and white briefs (fairy classic style).

At one point I undid my trouser belt ro ease the pressure but it didn't help much. At this point I was desperate to bursting point and was aware I was seconds away from peeing my pants on the phone. But my mum seemed to be getting to the end of the conversation, so I headed upstairs hoping to cut off soon. I had one hand on the phone and the other holding myself in my pants.

Then to my horror my mum said that dad wanted a word about some heaters he bought recently and I talked about getting for my house. I panicked because I actually leaked a spurt into my pants. I realised I had to get upstairs to the toilet fast, which I did, but was too embarrassed to admit what was going on to my dad. I got into the toilet, and unzipped. By this point I was actually peeing my pants but I tried to sound natural. I unzipped as fast as I could but with only having one hand my pee sprayed onto the floor and over my pants for a second before I could direct it in the bowl. I didn't want to make any sounds so I carefully peed round the edges of the bowl to avoid hitting the water. Even when the stream tapered off I tried really hard to avoid hitting the bowl, whilst sounding really natural.

Eventually I stopped and finished the conversation and hung up, but inspected the damage. There was a wet patch in my briefs (not too big but certainly golf ball sized. However I had peed quite a bit on the floor and toilet seat and sprayed my trousers slightly.

