Couple of male desperation sightings from a business trip

Author: Despguy123

*000*2018-03-07 22:19

I recently went on a business trip to Germany with a few colleagues, including an 18 year old student who I'll call Kieran who I saw extremely desperate to pee on two occasions.

The first one was at a restaurant in the evening after work. We were sitting at a long table of 12 people, one side with chairs and the other with a long bench. He was sitting on the bench and had no way to get out to the loo without having to ask 5 other people (some of whom were senior managers) to move for him. We arrived at the restaurant at 7 and had plenty of beers. After about 90 minutes and a few beers I really needed to pee, so I got up and went (I was sat on the side with chairs so had no problems getting out). On the way back to the table I noticed Kieran looking longingly towards the toilets, gritting his teeth. I wondered if he needed to go as badly as I had, but was too shy to ask his colleagues to move out of the way for him. 

After another hour and plenty more beers I needed to pee again really badly, so I got up again and went. I noticed Kieran watching me go, and I wondered just how badly he must need to piss by now, still trapped in his seat. He had drunk just as many beers as I had and had been sitting there for two and a half hours. He wasn't saying much and kept looking towards the toilets with a worried look on his face, dying to get out and get to the loo but also not wanting to annoy everyone by making them move for him (and also letting the whole table of mostly senior colleagues know that he needed to pee).

I finished a very relieving pee and went to the sink to wash my hands, wondering how long Kieran could last before finally giving in and going for a pee. Sure enough, at that moment the door burst open and Kieran came rushing in, already undoing his belt and unzipping his jeans. 'I've needed a piss for ages' he gasped breathlessly as he strode to a urinal and immediately let loose a powerful stream of pee against the porcelain, the gushing sound echoing loudly in the bathroom. 'God that is such a relief' he moaned as the pee continued to pour out of him.

By the time I had finished drying my hands and left the bathroom, his stream had been going strong for almost a minute and showed no signs of slowing down. When I got back to my seat I saw that the table he had been sitting at had been moved to create a gap for him to get out. He came back to his seat a couple of minutes later, and the woman sat opposite him (who I'm assuming had helped him move the table) asked him if he felt better and he gave a loud sigh of relief before saying he felt 'so much better'.

The second time was on the plane just after we had landed back in the UK. He was sitting across the aisle from me right at the back of the aircraft, in the window seat, with an older man in the aisle seat blocking him in. As soon as the plane reached the parking position, I heard him ask the man if he could get past to go to the bathroom. The man let him out and I heard him asking the cabin crew at the back of the plane if he was allowed to use the bathroom. He was jiggling up and down a bit and looked really desperate to pee. The flight had been delayed a while and he had drunk a large coffee at the airport before the flight, so he must have been absolutely bursting to go. Unfortunately for Kieran, the plane was a smaller one and therefore there were no bathrooms at the back of the plane, only at the front.

When the cabin crew informed him of this, he bobbed on the spot and bent forwards, giving a gasp of frustration. The aisle was now full of people standing up waiting to leave the aircraft, so there was no way he could get to the loo. Instead, he had to sit back down in his seat. I think he had probably been sitting in his seat really needing to pee for ages, and had been relying on there being a toilet at the back of the plane which he was hoping to use as soon as the seatbelt signs went off. Now he found himself sitting back in his seat unable to do anything to relieve his very full bladder until we were finally allowed to leave the plane. He told the man sitting next to him that there was no bathroom, and the man said 'Oh no, cross your legs!'. Kieran laughed and said 'I'm gonna have to!'.

Unfortunately for Kieran, we had to wait on the plane for ages before we were finally allowed off, because we had to wait for the bags to be removed from the plane first. I think it was about 15 minutes before we could finally get off, and when I stood up to get my coat from the overhead storage I could see that Kieran was gritting his teeth and was gripping his thighs tightly with his hands, very close to his cock. I'm guessing that he was longing to hold himself but didn't want anyone to notice just how badly he wanted to piss. The wait wasn't over though, because we then had to ride a bus to the terminal which took another ten minutes or so, and a few times the driver had to apply the brakes suddenly which must have made it even harder for Kieran to hold in his pee for just a few minutes more. 

When we were finally off the bus, we went straight to border control with no toilets to be seen, so Kieran had to stand in a very long queue to get his passport checked. I saw him a few places ahead of me in the queue, looking very tense and like he was trying very hard to stand still and not jiggle around on the spot! It was now over 30 minutes since he had first asked to use the loo on the plane and by now he must have been reaching his limit. Unfortunately after he went through the checkpoint I didn't see him again, so I can only guess that he must have walked as quickly as possible to the toilets further down in the baggage collection area and enjoyed a very relieving pee after hanging on for so long.

*008*2018-03-10 12:10

{{4 hours ago, HAWT said:

Do you know how many beers he had before going to toilet? ;)

}}

4 or 5 bottles I think.

On the plane, as well as the large coffee he had at the airport, he had a water and another coffee.

