First Snowstorm of the Season

Author: Snowpants

*000*2022-01-09 19:07

The first snowstorm of the season gave me a long awaited chance to get outside wearing my snowbibs and having a full bladder. It snowed all day so I was able to keep my snowbibs on all day and enjoy the wetness underneath.

Thanks to a recommendation from @jboarder64L

I was able to try out my new pair of fleece pants as well. Under my snowbibs I wore a pair of lycra shorts & these new fleece pants. The pants are so thick and I suspect would be very absorbent.

I held my morning piss, dressed and headed out to start clearing the snow. It did not take too long before I started leaking. It felt great to feel my warm piss in the cold air. After about two hours I headed inside. Checking any damage underneath my snowbibs showed wetness only down to my knees.

After a few hours I headed back outside. While inside I drank coffee and water to refill my bladder. This time outside I decided to see how long I could hold my piss before wetting again. It was fun trying to lift the heavy snow and hold my piss at the same time. A few neighbors stopped by to chat and I had to not give away my desperate need to pee.

As I was finishing up I started to leak uncontrollably. I knew it would be a short time before all would be lost. In order to test out the new fleece pants I decided to just stand in my driveway, with my legs slightly apart and let go of my piss. It felt wonderful to feel my warm piss soaking the fleece material as I stood outside.

Once inside I undressed to find the fleece pants and snowbibs absorbed most of the piss. My socks and boots were almost totally dry. Hoping for more snow soon to do this all over again.

*002*2022-01-09 22:43

@The Dark Wolf

Yes, first snowstorm. Global Warming is screwing up my favorite season.

*005*2022-01-22 18:24

@Stinky Pikachu

You should try it soon. The new fleece pants were purchased from Blocker Outdoors. They made a great addition to my winter wetting attire.

*007*2022-01-22 18:40

@Stinky Pikachu

Smell? Not at all. I guess if I did not clean up after each wetting it would eventually would.

*009*2022-01-22 19:15

@Stinky Pikachu

Please report back if you try this. Would love to hear how it goes for you.

*011*2022-01-27 16:12

Another major snowstorm heading my way the weekend. Not sure how much yet but it will be a significant amount. Plan on wearing my snowbibs for two solid days. It will be a lot of work but I am sure I will find ways to enjoy myself.

*013*2022-01-30 08:56

Day 1:

When i woke up the snowstorm had already arrived. Not too much snow yet but with over 24 inches expected I knew I was going to have some fun later.

Around 3pm I decided I should head out and get some of the snow moved. Also by this time I had successfully filled my bladder. It was cold and very windy so I needed to layer up. I wore boxer briefs, my fleece pants and my thick snowbibs. Perfect outfit for winter wetting.

I headed out to snowblower my driveway and two neighbors driveways. Just opening my garage and feeling the cold air made me leak a little. That warm piss inside my snowbibs felt great. I decided to try to hold my piss as long as possible since I love the feeling of being desperate.

I managed to finish my driveway still holding. I headed to the first neighbor but had to push the snowblower down the street a little. The street had not been plowed recently so it was not easy. As I pushed I could not hold my piss because of the weight of the snowblower. As mush as I tried I ended up being wet almost down to my knees. Boy did it feel great.

I finished that house without any further wetting but I was really desperate. I headed to the third driveway. When I got there my neighbor came outside to thank me. As we stood there talking I did not want him to see how desperate to piss I was so I tried to stand as still as possible. I could not hold and I kept uncontrolably leaking as we stood there. I knew I was layered well enough not to have my piss show so it was a real rush.

His driveway slopes up so with every push up with the snowblower I would leak a little. All regular leaking warm piss felt so great.

I headed back home and had to do another pass of my driveway since it was snowing the entire time I was outside. Still having some piss left I decided to slowly let in all out while I finished up.

Once back inside my basement I slowly peeled off all my layers to uncover my wet clothing. It was great to see how wet I was underneath my snowbibs while not showing on the outside. I hung all the pissy wet layers to wear them again today. I will need to be outside much longer today so I plan on wetting much more. I will bring coffee/water with me to keep the flow going.

*014*2022-02-02 13:50

Day 2:

I got up early and headed out at 6am. Since it was too early for the snowblower I decided to do all the shoveling first. Putting on the same clothes as the day before was fantastic. None of them dried completely overnight and the feel of putting on the damp piss wet clothing got me excited right away. This time I held my morning piss so I would have plenty to wet again. I filled a thermos with coffee and headed out.

I spent the next two hours shoveling and trying to hold my piss. The feeling of holding a very full bladder while lifting heavy snow was great. I know I had leaked at times because I could feel the warm piss around my crotch. Around 8am I started up the snowblower and started clearing three driveways.

I completed mine then headed across the street to do the next one. Pushing the snowblower made it real hard to keep holding and I slowly leaked many times. By now I know I was wet again down to my knees. While clearing the second driveway my neighbor came out to invite me in for breakfast. I did a quick check to make sure I had not leaked through my snowbibs and headed inside. What a feeling to be sitting eating breakfast knowing how wet I was underneath my snowbibs. I was fed well and given 2 cups of coffee. Needless to say it was difficult to sit there and not give away how desperate I was getting. Thanking my neighbor I headed back outside. I slipped at the bottom of the back stairs and while trying to keep standing my bladder muscle just let go and I started pissing full force until I gained control. I turned around to see I was being watched. I was too nervous to check my snowbibs for wetness so I signaled I was OK and left.

While plowing the third driveway, and loosing control so bad earlier, it was impossible to keep holding. By the time I had finished and was heading home I had totally emptied my bladder into my snowbibs. I think the combination of fleece pants and the extra thick snowbibs helped keep all that piss inside with no leaking.

Can't wait for more snow.

*016*2022-02-02 19:54

@wetskipants

Thanks. I highly recommend living where there is cold and snow so you can enjoy this.

*019*2022-02-05 11:23

@wetskipants

@wetsnowpants

@wetsnowpants

I did not rinse out my snowbibs between day 1 and day 2. Love it if the are still a little damp when I put them on after a good wetting. They were washed after day 2.

After the sleet and ice storm I got yesterday I will sure be out in my sniwbibs today trying to clean up. Wonder what will happen today?

