Road Trip

Author: Alex Cubed

*000*2019-02-16 00:37

Before I tell the story, I want to say this is from a buddy of mine and their perspective. I asked them for permission to post this story on the forum, and they gave it. I will be sharing your responses with them as they requested. I have edited some info out of the story on their request. On to the story.

###

I absolutely like hate pissing in public bathrooms. Dunno if it's anxiety or shyness, or what, but I pretty well can't even use urinals, gotta wait for a stall to even go in a public bathroom, just for some background.

Now, I've gone on a few long road trips, one of which we usually do as two 8-ish hour days. On one of these drives, we made a pit stop just before heading through a major city and the bathroom was super busy, I ended up just not being able to go. So, I thought I'd just get over it, right? Wrong.

I end up squirming and shaking and feeling so uncomfortably the entire time we're driving through the city, and obviously we can't stop/pull over, since it's traffic central. At this point I was seriously considering trying to go in a water bottle, but I'd have just ended up filling it and making a mess, I suspect.

So I just barely manage to hold it until we're out of the city proper, and onto a more normal stretch of highway. At this point I'm saying, "We've gotta pull over or else I'm gonna have a wet seat". Pulling over was a bit of a pain since at the time we were in a 2 truck convoy, both pulling some heavy-ish trailers, since we were helping someone move, so if we stopped it would be a pain getting going on the highway again.

Either way, we end up pulling over on the side, on a downhill so we'd have some gravity assistance when we end up going again. This whole time I'm squirming like nobody's business, feeling like I was gonna be unable to hold it long enough, jumping out before we'd even stopped moving.

Now... public bathrooms are horrible, but on the side of the highway, just beside the truck? I felt like my bladder was gonna explode and I had to stand there, dick out, for at least a minute before I could even start going, and even then it was way weaker than it should have been, and it took awhile. But, at least disaster was narrowly averted.

