I wet my pants nobody knew My girlfriend wet her pants

Author: scinosensation

*000*2016-05-11 03:17

My girlfriend and I, in our early 20's, shared a bedroom in an apartment with other people. Friends invited us to go skiing, something I had never done before. I bought a waterproof ski suit. My girlfriend and I got up early and dressed very warmly; we each put on 4 or 5 undies and 3 jeans under our ski pants. She said it would help if I fell and got snow inside by ski suit. I joked that with that many undies it felt like I was wearing a diaper.

We had a 3 hour drive to the ski area and got there shortly after it opened. I spent the morning taking ski lessons and finally got the hang of it. In the afternoon I kept at it and finally I could get down the beginners slope without falling. My girlfriend was right about getting snow inside my ski suit. At the end of the day we met at the ski lodge, turned our rented equipment, and began the drive back. After about half an hour we stopped for fast food . While we were eating it began to snow and it was getting dark.

I decided to not use the restroom because I had so many layers and I did not like public restrooms, especially the stalls. We got back on the road. The traffic was moving somewhere around 1/3 to 1/2 the speed limit and the roads were getting slick. After about 20 minutes my bladder filled but I thought I would be able to get home. There was a rest stop that would normally have been about 30 minutes away. The farther we went the heavier the snow got, the slicker the roads got and the slower the traffic went. It seemed like we were going about 10 miles an hour. Meanwhile I was wishing I had taken the trouble to use the restroom.

After about 2 hours I was hoping we would get to the rest stop very soon. My girlfriend was sitting right next to me and another woman was on her other side, and we were crowded. Pressure waves started in my bladder. I remembered joking about how with all the undies I felt like I was wearing a diaper; I thought I might soon wish I was really wearing a diaper. The traffic was at a near stand still. The pressure waves were coming with increasing frequency, lasted longer and were stronger each time. Finally I saw the sign Rest Stop 1 mile. I expected to be there in about 15 minutes, hoping I could hold it that long. Then the traffic came to a sudden stop. We barely stopped in time to avoid hitting the car ahead of us and the car behind us stopped a few inches from our rear bumper. We sat there long enough that had traffic been moving normally we would have been home.

While traffic was stopped my kidneys were not. My hands were cold so I put them inside my ski suit and put them at my crotch. I got a series of pressure waves that I had to struggle to control. After several one was so strong that my struggle was not enough; I felt an orgasmic release as warmth exploded into my crotch. and spread toward my butt. A few minutes later another irresistible pressure wave hit with the same release and warmth flowing around my butt. It had not yet soaked through to my outermost jeans, at least at my crotch.

Then came another pressure wave and warmth spread to my legs and I felt my crotch get warm. I gave up when the next pressure wave hit. I just relaxed and the warmth spread and I could feel that I was sitting in very wet pants. Traffic began to move and we finally got to the rest stop. The driver asked if anybody needed to stop and specifically asked the woman sitting next to my girlfriend. She said no. The driver and the woman sitting in the front seat, both of whom lived in the same apartment with the woman in the back seat, asked if she was sure. She said she was sure.

As we passed the rest stop entrance we saw several cars sideways blocking one lane and leaving only a narrow passage in the other. After we got past that traffic picked up but still no more than about half the speed limit so it took another 4 hours to get home. When we got home the woman in the back seat asked it would be alright she got dropped off before we were dropped off. I agreed and my girlfriend agreed but I sensed reluctance. The woman got out and ran into her apartment building, then we were driven home. Her apartment mates asked each other if they thought she made it this time.

As we were getting out of the car I checked to see if where I was sitting was dry, and it was. My girlfriend asked what I was doing, and I said nothing. We had sometimes teased each other if one of us had to go to the bathroom badly. She teasingly asked why didn't I say I needed to stop at the rest stop.

I asked why should I. She said that just before we got there I was sometimes very tense then after we passed the rest stop I wasn't tense again. She was certain I had to go to the bathroom. I said I didn't have to go to the bathroom when we got to the rest stop. She asked did that mean I had to go to the bathroom before we got there? I asked how could it be that I had to go to the bathroom before the rest stop but didn't need to go to the bathroom when we got there? She said there was only one way she could think of. I asked what that was. She came back with I didn't answer her question, did I have to go to the bathroom before we got to the rest stop.

I said I wanted to hold her her. I kissed her passionately. She seemed tense as she tried to push away but then shivered and then embraced me passionately. I reached down and put one hand under her ski pants and on her butt, something I sometimes did while we were embraced. I soon felt my hand getting warmer! I became even more passionate. When we finally ended the kiss she was out of breath. I asked if she was OK. She said it was orgasmic. I said I had no idea I was that good a kisser. She said there was that but she had no idea it felt so good to, well I knew what she meant.

I innocently asked how my hand got wet? She blushed and said I probably knew. I asked did she peed in her pants. She tried to evade. I asked if she remembered how I said wearing that many undies felt like wearing a diaper? On the way back I had felt like I should have been wearing a diaper. What as the one way she could think of that I would have had to go to bathroom before we got to the rest stop but when we got there I didn't need to go? Why would I have felt like I should have been wearing a diaper? She said I did pee inmy pants, didn't I? I lowered my my ski pants and she saw my wet pants

We showered together and rinsed out our clothes. We went to bed for some serious canoodling.

