Fulfilling a fantasy

Author: Spurgle

*000*2021-12-19 14:14

Hello everyone!

I have not posted here in a while and it is even longer still since i posted anything that is not fiction, but i found this quite exhilarating so i figured i would take the time to tell my fellow pee perverts all about it.

So it was Saturday afternoon, i was alone in the apartment for most of the day as my girlfriend had things to do elsewhere. My fetish is no secret, she knows about it and has wet herself for me but it is difficult for me to engage with her for reasons i cannot fathom, she has asked me to wet for her but for reasons i cannot comprehend, the thought gives me little pleasure, so i mostly keep it to myself for when i am alone.

Anyway, i woke up with no horny plans and just started my Saturday as i often would with a basic breakfast, watched some TV and then set about playing video games. I had recently bought Hitman 3 on PC so i was eager to give it a try. So i settled into my chair and booted it up and i was not disappointed, the game looked great, ran beautifully and my first impressions were excellent.

With my headset on its remarkably easy to lose track of time and thoughts of the world outside of my game and so it proved to be the case. I must have been playing for an hour and a half, just making my way through each sandbox and sipping water from my bottle, i was having a great time, each level felt immersive with so many possibilities and i found myself lost in the world of Hitman.

Another half an hour passed in a flash when i was startled slightly by a familiar wetness against my penis. This is not uncommon and it is generally, quite annoying. It is most frequent when i am sat in certain positions and already need to pee relatively urgently, such was the case this particular afternoon.

Most of the time when this occurs i just go pee and carry on my day, quite often there is no need to change underwear and this occasion was no different, as you can see in the picture below it was not a large leak.

$$

But this unfortunate occurrence broke my immersion in Hitman and made me horny at the same time. I debated just soaking myself there and then but then another idea came into my head.

There is something that i had wanted to try for a while but just never had the balls to actually follow through and try. But in my horny state and with all logical thoughts erased from my mind, i decided to give it a try. What is this thing? Wetting myself outside in public. Sort of.

I have had a fantasy for a while about peeing myself very slowly whilst out on the streets. In my mind i had pictured myself just nonchalantly walking about in normal clothing and slowly releasing trickles of pee into my underwear as i walked. The idea was to be stealthy enough not to be caught, but not quite stealthy enough so that if someone actively looked at my crotch, they would probably notice. The thought was a thrilling one and it was time to give it a try.

Firstly i changed my underwear for no reason other than i felt like it. Next i donned a pair of black jeans and my usual boat shoes and set off for the outside world.

The first thing i want to say is that i live in Finland and it is December and even though i went out in the middle of the afternoon, it was already gloomy and a little dark so i was quite confident that if i was careful enough, i could fulfill my fantasy.

I was quite desperate to pee as i took the elevator to the ground floor and i had doubts if i had the requisite control once i began to open the taps, but i was committed and as i walked out the door and into cold air i knew i wouldn't turn back.

I turned out of our buildings yard and released the first dribble, it wasn't big as i was very nervous about wetting my jeans but i could feel it slowly spread across my underwear, my heart was pounding and it was a great thrill. People were passing by oblivious that the young man going the other way was slowly peeing himself. Down the street i stopped at the crossing, i was alone so i opened the taps again, this time it was bigger and i felt the wetness against my balls, i had to bear down a little though cause the damn thing didn't want to stop. But it did. I stealthily ran my hand across my crotch to asses any damage, it felt dry.

I crossed the street and walked straight ahead, for a few minutes i released tiny spurts of pee at fairly regular intervals, with each one i nervously wondered if anyone could notice. I could feel my underwear getting wetter and wetter and i was surprised that it hadnt soaked through to my jeans yet.

I was growing in confidence and as i walked i was trickling more and more pee into my now fairly sodden underwear, it was such a thrill walking around feeling my penis against my warm sodden underwear as cars whizzed my, oblivious to what i was doing. I stopped at another crossing and my dribbles continued. "Oh shit" i thought as i felt a gentle wetness against my thighs.

If i could feel wetness on my thighs, then i knew my underwear couldn't take much more. I cautiously checked my crotch again and it felt wet, not soaked or anything but it was noticeably wet to the touch and i began to wonder how visible it might be. I had a momentary thought of bailing out and going home, but i steeled myself, i had come this far, there was no point in stopping now.

I crossed the street and closed the taps for a while, i was building my confidence to continue. As each person passed i wondered if anyone was suspicious, i didn't see any strange looks and as i felt my underwear begin to go cold, i began leaking again.

I was leaking heavier now, i was not far from home and i was overcome by the thrill of it all. With every step the slowly warming wetness spread down my balls, across my thighs and just a small trickle down one leg.

I arrived at my building dribbling almost uncontrollably, i was so wet i could barely tell just how much pee i was actually leaking. Thankfully, i passed nobody in my building and i was able to enter our apartment undisturbed.

I closed the door behind me and took a deep breath. I was so fucking horny now, my heart was pounding and i was shaking. We have a full body mirror in the hall next to our door and i looked myself in the mirror and i was staggered. My jeans were a LOT wetter to the eye than i suspected they were.

As you can see my jeans were quite wet and even though it was gloomy outside, im certain anyone passing by closely would have noticed if they had looked in that direction. But if you have different thoughts, do feel free to let me know.

My underwear was completely soaked. They were almost dripping wet, I had released a large amount of pee and they really could not take anymore, but their ordeal was not over yet. I snapped the photos you can see here and then went to the bathroom and emptied the remaining contents of my bladder through my embarrassingly soaked underwear. By this point i was fit to burst and i couldn't delay the inevitable masturbation much longer.

$$

$$

So that is everything. My first experience fulfilling this fantasy, whether i try it again, i am not sure. Maybe. Probably.

So i hoped you enjoyed reading this, feel free to leave any comments.

