4H wetting

Author: Ivy1989

*000*2017-02-01 05:53

Sat 28th 2017 of January

Today was a very bold day for me, I stepped outside of my comfort zone and decided to wet In public.

It all started when I was invited to a 4H event by my friends little cousin. There was a lot of vendors, animal pens, it was unusually warm for this time of year. I hadn't slept yet but I wanted to go. We took my car, its bigger to fit 3 ppl =D (spacious back seat), and I have emergency supplies in the trunk and jumpers, flair gun, water, blankets, dry food, etc, a change of clothes.

We swung by Tim Hortons to get XL beverages✌️, and cruised an hour to go to the event. I hate warm coffee so I drank mine rather fast, but coffee always leave me thirsty, so as soon as we pulled in, I bought a litre of water. I made quick work of that. We went to visit the animals, some local cultural stuff as well, most importantly the 4H in support of my friends cousin.

Everything lasted longer then I was hoping. I had that feeling that I was gonna need to pee and it would be soon. So I ttold them that I shouldn't of drank so much, I was really needing to pee.

I started to look around frantically, I refuse to use the nasty portable bathrooms, and that was all that was available =(

So I decided to attempt to wait until we leave. I don't think we were leaving anytime soon and I'm the driver!!

A hour passed, and Damnit!! I was desperate now, I sat on the Bench and watched my friends have fun. My legs were shaking really bad and a little bit came out, only to make the need intensify. I picked a wonderful day to wear a white skirt with no nylons, bare legs, at least I waxed my legs the day before ^.^

I figured if I paced about, it would help but no, it didn't do anything. I was gonna burst, I saw the lineups and children so I started to sneak off back to the car, maybe I can find a private area to sqwat, nope. I couldn't move my legs and felt very nervous and anxious. I made my way to a less occupied area unaware that one of my friends was almost right behind me.i bent partially over and stuck out my ass a bit and began to pee in what I was wearing. The pressure was so much, that pee seeped through my skirt and streaked down in a few miniature forks. I bit my lower lip as I thought I was being careful, relieving the aching pains of my bladder. I felt like I peed for awhile, my legs were evident up close, and the front of my white skirt got semi transparent, showing a blue hint of colour. So embarrassing. I turned around to sneak to my car.

"Oh f*ck" was the words that escaped my mouth as I saw my friend. He took off his jacket and covered me which was nice and reassured me accidents happen a lot, especially when portables are used and gross. I made it to the car and grabbed my extra clothes and went in the back, covering myself with my blanket I had and changed.

Now that I feel better, I was ready to enjoy the rest of the day, =}

*008*2017-02-16 06:49

As soon as my posts get accepted, there will be much more =D

