Another Convert!

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-09-11 12:37

After five years, I finally got my cute straightedge guy (whom I still haven't thought of a clever nickname for) to get into watersports. I'd been giving him goldenshowers for some time, which he really, really enjoyed. Finally, I told him that he didn't have a choice, the next time he came over, he was going to be an active participant. So, the next time he came over, he was so bursting I had no problem feeling his swollen bladder; I was very impressed, never would have thought he could hold that much (he's a short, slender guy).

Since it was his first time, we had to deal with that mental block I never seemed to have, but I was patient, and held him tight while he managed to soak his boxers and make a big puddle in our "safe spot". Of course, I got to keep those boxers, and rewarded him with a goldenshower. Due to the amount of water he'd had, it wasn't long before he had to go again, and I let him give me a goldenshower, too. He was thrilled by my reaction, how I rubbed his piss all over my skin. Before he left, he had to go again, and this time, we just stood on the blanket, holding each other, while he peed down both of our legs without much hesitation, he was getting over that mental block, apparently.

Ever since that night, he's been hooked on pee play. So proud of myself!

*008*2016-09-12 14:20

{{14 hours ago, alexwbj said:

Congratulations Lucy! We love stories like this. There has to be something especially hot and satisfying about "perverting" someone who was vanilla and winning them over to the dark side - alright, let's call it the wet side. Hope he gets really into it and you can continue to be his guide and accomplice.

}}

Thank you, this actually happened a while back, and while I messaged a friend here about it, I totally forgot to put in on this lovely forum. He wasn't totally vanilla from the start, either, just different kinks.

