My first rewetting weekend

Author: Breloom

*000*2021-01-04 03:58

For a while I've been curious about spending a whole weekend rewetting the same clothes. I've done some small rewettings, but nothing anywhere near even one day. This past weekend, I had a free schedule and, with the encouragement of a few posters on here, I finally tried it out.

Friday night was when I took care of everything for the weekend proper. I did my weekend errands early and then went to purchase some things. I bought a pack of disposable bed pads at a nearby Walgreens. I also bought some clothes for the rewetting, namely a pair of white leggings and a pair of white seamless panties. I wanted something that would really show pee stains. Now would be a good time to discuss the "rules." For the duration of the weekend, I must wear and wet these clothes the entire time. I may not pee in the toilet. I may, however, use the toilet for poop, but I must first wet my pants. I don't normally shy away from a good messing, but considering this weekend's goals that would be counterproductive. I can also shower if I want to, but if I do I have to empty my bladder in my pants beforehand to prevent shower peeing. That covers everything. Arriving at home, I put a pad on my bed and changed into my rewetting clothes, plus a sports bra on top, and went to bed.

Saturday morning. I woke up absolutely bursting for a pee, so I promptly flooded my panties and leggings. Since I was laying down, most of it concentrated around my waist instead of running down my legs. The bed pad under me was soaked as well. When I got up to replace the pad and go eat breakfast, my leggings were delightfully tight and warm. Some time later I was dusting my bookshelf when I realized I needed to go. I tried to relax, and a minute or so later I was wetting. This time my pantlegs were streaked with pee. It felt great. Around lunchtime I had to poop. Now was as good a time as any to work that out. I stood in the bathroom and wet myself for a third time, then stripped off my wet clothes, pooped in the toilet, and put my wet panties and leggings back on.

The afternoon passed without any more wettings. My clothes were dry, and the pee stains were pretty visible. I was also aware that the smell of pee from them was a bit strong. Figures. During dinner prep I caught myself potty dancing, stood in the center of the room, and released. I was starting to get used to just going in my pants whenever I had to pee, and I was enjoying the freedom. During my meal I had a few small leaks, but no full on wettings since I'd just gone. After that I put a pad under my desk chair and did some work/browsed the internet for a few hours. In this span of time, I peed myself twice, the first time without realizing it until a drip landed on my bare foot. I also had to dash to the bathroom after my second wetting to poop. After a light snack, I hopped into bed. During my pre-sleep browsing, I peed once and had to change out my bed pad before I went to sleep.

Sunday. I woke up around midmorning, finding both my clothes and pad a bit damp. Clearly I'd wet the bed. I still had my morning pee to attend to, and shortly afterwards that was also in the bed. I leaked a few drips during breakfast, which was more like brunch because of the time. After breakfast I went to the bathroom and tried to pee for a few minutes. Satisfied that I was empty, I disrobed and sat on the toilet to go #2. 

As I sat there, I admired my pee-stained leggings. For some reason they looked even sexier with all those faded, yellowed splash marks, leg trails, and small fresh drip spots near the crotch. I finished pooping and went to do some work for a while. I had a late lunch, which expedited my need to pee. This next wetting I did in the bathroom in front of a floor-length mirror so as to observe the beautiful interaction between my pants and my urine. Shortly before dinner, I caught myself leaking. Rather than just letting it out, though, I decided to do something special.

I glanced out the window before stepping onto my balcony. Nobody was around right now, so there was nothing stopping me from peeing outside. Presently a layer of snow was on the balcony, and I suspected that if I wet myself in the snow and then brushed the snow off the whole balcony, as people often do, nobody would be the wiser. I threw on some boots and stepped out. The fresh, chill air and the wind made my wetting feel even more euphoric, and the best cure for cold temperatures is widely known to be freshly peed pants. After that I hastily took the snow brush to the balcony, removed my boots, and saw to dinner. I wet myself at the desk again after dinner, and finally concluded my rewetting weekend with one more pee in the bathroom, a final look at my stained, soaked clothes in the mirror, and a warm shower. After that I got in bed, where I typed and posted this.

This was one of my favorite omo experiences ever, I gotta say. It felt really liberating to just let go whenever the need struck me. As a diaper lover I'm no stranger to that feeling, but doing it in clothes is a whole different experience. Probably the most satisfying part was seeing the stains build up on my clothes. I love other people's rewetting pics, so seeing rewet clothes in person and being able to go "I did that" felt really good. Did I enjoy this experience? Yeah! I think I appreciate rewetting as a whole more after this weekend. Would I do it again? Given the opportunity, perhaps... I could see this becoming as much of a "tradition" for me as spending a weekend diapered. Like I said, I've rewet clothes before, but this experience just blew everything I've done previously out of the water.

