Soaked by rain and a little more

Author: Lils

*000*2021-09-23 14:31

Apart from the fact that I’m not very fond of very warm temperatures, there is another reason I love these weeks when summer is turning into autumn… and that reason is rain.

Last week I cycled to my office on a sunny morning, but the weather made a turn for the worse and from 15:00 in the afternoon it was raining. And not a light drizzle, but the kind of rain that would have you completely soaking within 10 minutes. Not having much of a choice, I had to cycle back through this rainstorm (prediction was that it wouldn’t stop raining before the office closed).

I changed out of my business clothes, and into a comfortable pair of jeans for cycling and a t-shirt, and silently cursed myself for not brining a jacket or any rain protection. After changing and making extra sure I had packed my backpack in such a way that the rain could not reach my laptop or any other electronics, I stepped outside.

My office to my house is a bike ride of around half an hour. Usually, I use this time to listen to a podcast, some music, or have a phone call with a friend. This time I did not do any of those things, because I don’t have waterproof earphones (maybe I should get those – anybody got any recommendations?). So, I spend my time cycling in silence. Within ten minutes I was soaking wet and cold, and the wind was picking up making me feel even colder. It made the bike ride seem even longer.

About halfway to my home, stimulated by the cold, my bladder reminded me that I did not use the restroom before leaving the office and that I had consumed quite a bit of coffee, tea, and water. However, being on a bicycle is not the most difficult place to hold and 15 minutes is not that big of a deal, so I just continued cycling.

It was around this point that I felt the water going to the last dry places. It was running into my shoes and socks, and I felt it dripping from my face, into my shirt and wetting my bra. I decided to shower immediately when coming home. I was feeling both cold and hungry, but my hunger could wait.

Close to my house, I got off my bike and parked it. At this point, my bladder made it known that it had filled and that it was quite desperate for release. At the corner shop, about two meters away, there were three men smoking cigarettes under a canopy. I took a few steps, mentally preparing myself for peeling of my clothes to take them off, go to the toilet and take a shower. And at that point I though ‘f*ck it’. I was totally drained, and another bit of liquid wouldn’t matter at this point. While standing still to lock my bike, I let a long spurt of pee go. I immediately felt the warmth spread around my underwear and pants, even moving a bit towards my knees. The trio of men standing a few meters away were none the wiser, but I did not dare risking more (or standing strangely still next to my bike).

I walked a few more meters, to the door of my house. A lady was walking by with her small dog and umbrella while I unlocked the door. My jeans and underwear had turned cold again. I let another long spurt of pee go, while struggling with my keys. The familiar sense of spreading warmth returned, and I even fell some of it make it towards my knees. I unlocked the door and stepped into my home.

Inside my home I was cautious of where I was walking since I was spreading rainwater (and a little something else) where I was standing/walking. As fast as I could I walked to the bathroom, looked at the toilet and decided to skip it. I stood under the shower, in my rain-soaked outfit, and got out of my shirt while I was letting loose. The stream of pee and accompanying feeling of warmth started slowly, as it had before, but soon turned into a stream going through my soaking jeans and even reaching my socks and shoes. As I struggled with unclasping my wet bra, my bladder emptied. There was a small stream from my feet to the drain of the shower.

I decided to rinse the rest of my clothes under the shower and turned on the shower. While showering I took of my shoes, jeans, underwear, and socks and put them in a pile for the laundry. Them being completely soaked by rain is a good reason to wash them, even if I (and now you) know that there was a little more than rain in the wetness of the clothing.

*005*2021-09-26 13:04

{{17 hours ago, Wetsy said:

I used to cycle to and from work.. One time, I got caught in a soaking downpour that left nothing dry, and like yourself, had for got to divest myself of the coffee I had ingested.. The cold rain made me realize hoe bad my need to pee was, sso I just thought, well I'm already soaked to the skin.. So I let it flow;;It was so nice and warm, and between that and the relief on my bladder, it felt euphoric.. Shortly thereafter, I had to pee again, so again, I just let it flow, getting excited b the fact I was peeing my pants in public and no one could tell what I was doing or had done..

After that day,everytime it rained on my way home,I would just pee my pants and get away with it..Still do that to this day..

}}

I agree, it feels really great. I was thinking that it might be better to not release it al at once but let go slowly, to keep you warm. Have you ever done that?

