Desperate girl next to me in lecture hall

Author: astralis

*000*2021-03-07 04:56

I was a freshman in college in 2013, and my first semester I took a psychology course in a huge lecture hall. There were probably 30 or 40 students total, and we all sat at long tables in individual chairs, as opposed to in desks. One of the girls in my class I knew from my dorm; I'd met her once or twice in the laundry room. She was really pretty and I had a crush on her, but for various reasons I never told her and I never tried getting close to her. However, she was always friendly to me anyway, and sometimes sat next to me in the psych class.

This particular day, we were taking notes and all of a sudden I noticed her squirming and shifting in her seat. I kind of glanced at her a little and then away, and she leaned over and whispered to me, "I have to piss so fucking bad." Bear in mind that this happened probably a week after I'd discovered omorashi is an actual fetish that people can be into, so my whole body froze, and I don't even remember how I responded. I think I just did one of those generic laughs to hide how I was dying inside.

She kept on: "I've seriously been holding it for hours, I drank too much water earlier and I need to piss like a fucking racehorse." Throughout the rest of the lecture (which I think was thirty more minutes) she just kept shifting next to me and crossing her legs. Every so often she would make a little noise in her throat or check the time, give me a sheepish grin, and then bite her lip. I snuck glances at her out of the corner of my eye; I didn't want to openly stare but it was so hot.

Eventually class ended and she jumped up and fucking bolted out. I think I said something to her like, "I'm glad you get to pee now!" and she laughed as she was racing down the stairs. Unfortunately I have no idea how things turned out for her but I remember for months after when I would masturbate in my dorm I would imagine her stumbling down the stairs, gripping herself. She would lean against the wall and squeeze her thighs together and tell me she didn't know if she was going to make it. 

I'd help her walk back to the dorm and then I'd walk her into my room. I'd sit on the toilet lid and she'd stand in the corner shifting around and gripping herself, bent double with the pressure of her bladder, begging me to let her go. I'd always give some excuse why she couldn't. Finally she'd give in and gasp out that she couldn't hold it. She'd jump into the tub and piss herself. Then I got to help her take off her wet clothes and we'd shower together. This was my main fantasy for most of freshman year, lmao. I do wish I'd gotten the courage to talk to her more, but that whole thing is a good memory, anyway.

*003*2021-03-07 21:39

{{9 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

What a great experience to witness! I recall in my university days both being desperate like that during lectures and seeing others desperate. Like you it was a big turn on too. Thanks for sharing

}}

Thank you so much for commenting! Your stories are some of my favorites on here.

{{6 hours ago, Will8724 said:

Awesome story. Reminds me of something that happened during my freshman year. I was in an 80 person music class, and the person who always sat next to me was incredibly nice, beautiful, and hot. She was already taken, though, so I didn't try to cross any boundaries. We normally walked out of class and up a floor to the building exit together. Then one day she rushed out of class. I caught up, and she said, "Sorry; I just drink a lot at lunch and always have to pee during this class, but I hold it until the end because it's too short to make it with getting up in the middle." She never showed any signs of desperation during class, but it was really hot knowing that she was frequently holding. Then that class got moved online due to COVID-19. I can't help but wonder if I would have gotten to see more had the class been in-person for its entirety.

}}

Fuck, that's awesome. I love the idea that she was sitting next to you desperate every day, and you had no idea. It's too bad it's online now but hopefully it'll change soon and you can witness more events!

