My boyfriend's secret

Author: Suite207

*000*2011-07-08 11:00

It's funny how I found this site when I did. I have a few stories of other experiences I'm willing to share, but I think I'm going to share this one since it happened so recently. Sorry if it lacks detail... I'm kind of uncomfortable about this one... but I like sharing and I like it here! :3

###

A little while after I logged off yesterday Mike swung by to see me. Normally we either catch midnight movies on Thursdays or go for walks or whatever, but today things started off with a bang, literally and figuratively. His class must have been rough because he didn't come stay the night with me Wednesday; he's editing some music video project. He didn't say a lot after I opened the door, either. His eyes locked with mine with a kind of hunger that makes me bite my lower lip. But there was a bit of a problem.

Now don't get me wrong, I love sex. A LOT. But I had no idea he was coming over so soon and was planning on having some alone time after discovering this wonderful site that involved two cans of Arizona Tea and some omorashi! So with two cans of Tea on their way to my bladder plus an already full bladder from not peeing as soon as I woke up, I was in a bit of a predicament. Here's Mike, being sexy and getting me all hot and bothered, and on the other hand is a small voice in my head saying use the bathroom first.

I ignored that voice. You would too if you were nine kinds of wet with a hot man sucking and biting on your neck... I mean, it was something else. My legs almost turned to butter. We started making out on the living room couch, and after a few minutes my clit was throbbing along with my bladder. Needless to say, things progressed quickly and soon he had my knees against my breasts and I was probably waking the neighbors. What I didn't expect was to feel like I was going to cum so soon. Turns out that having a full bladder makes orgasm far more achievable for me, so I was loving every second of it. Until I came.

The unexpected build had reached its peak and as I gripped the sofa pillows I pissed all over his legs when I came. Initially I was mortified and thought he was going to get upset or call me gross or leave me or something drastic... but instead this caused him to cum as well! As it turns out, my instincts about him were right! He is VERY into female desperation and wetting! He even has a bunch of SkyMouse videos on his laptop!

###

I hope this wasn't too personal, or anything, it was just a happy discovery I figured you all would like. Have a wet day! ;3

