It's happening...

Author: Can'tFoolOwls

*000*2019-05-06 10:18

$$

*005*2019-05-08 23:49

So... took longer than I'd hoped to get round to writing this up - been really busy this week - but I can confirm that Sunday night was very wet indeed.

The story starts on Sunday afternoon with going out to buy the mattress protector. I've been wanting to do this for a while, but I'm naturally a fairly shy person and the idea of being seen in public buying a waterproof mattress protector (especially one that's clearly not for a child-size bed) is pretty embarrassing, so it's taken me until now to work up the courage to do it. I went to the store just before closing in the hope that it would be quieter, but it ended up being way busier than usual. I guess everyone was trying to get their last minute shopping done before it closed. The fact that Monday was a public holiday here probably didn't help. I briefly considered turning round and going home, but I was determined to get this done today, so I bit my lip and pressed on.

After making my way inside, I quickly found the aisle with the mattress protectors and was happy to see they had one left in stock that would fit my bed. Unfortunately, there were far too many people around, and although I'm sure they were all too absorbed in their own purchases to notice what I was buying, I just couldn't bring myself to pick it up when someone might see. So instead I spent the next ten minutes pacing around the store waiting for the aisle to clear, but everytime I thought I was good to go I saw someone else coming round the corner.

Eventually I saw my chance and grabbed the thing, before making a quick walk to the checkout. (Thank god for self checkouts or I never would have done this!) I quickly paid, then made my way back to the car holding the side with "waterproof" written on it in big letters tight against my chest. At the same time, I felt what I can only describe as a slight exhibitionist thrill, with part of me even secretly hoping that someone did notice what I was carrying.

That night I put the protector on under my sheet, with a blanket over the top of it. The protector is the type with a plastic underside and layers of wadding on top for absorbancy, but I figured the blanket would make things a bit more comfortable and help stop me from swimming too much. In any case it certainly helped get rid of the crinkly feeling when lying on it. I drank three glasses of water, then went to bed wearing some thick sweatpants over my favourite pair of boxer briefs (which were actually still a little damp from an outdoors wetting earlier that day, but that's for another story...).

The plan was that the amount of water I drank would wake me up some time in the middle of the night, when I'd pee then fall back to sleep before I was fully woken up. Of course things never quite work out how you plan them do they? Turns out that three glasses was a little excessive, because I ended up waking up desperate just over an hour later. Not having done this before, I figured that wetting the bed would be a bit like wetting my pants - warm at first but rapidly getting cold and uncomfortable. 

Being something of a mild imsomniac who needs almost complete comfort to sleep, I knew there was a chance that, having done the deed, I wouldn't be able to get back to sleep again in a wet bed. It would be one thing if this happened after a good 5-6 hours of sleep - I could just get up and go through my day a little bit tired - but I didn't want to risk it after only sleeping for an hour. So I got up and went to the toilet like a normal person, then downed another glass of water before heading back to bed.

No sooner had my head hit the pillow (or so it felt), before I was awake and desperate again. I checked my phone and saw it had only been another hour. Still too early. So I got up to go pee again. As it turns out this was a mistake, because I was now fully awake and didn't get to sleep again for the rest of the night (what did i say about mild insomnia...?) Instead I spent the next few hours tossing and turning, then eventually grabbed my phone to browse the internet and read a few stories here. Through the gap in the curtains I watched it slowly get light, and felt the need to pee gradually build up again. By now I knew there was very little chance of sleeping, but I was still determined I wouldn't get through the night without an "accident".

So I put my phone away and positioned myself in my favourite sleeping position - on my side with the duvet bundled up against my crotch. After a few false starts, I relaxed and let it flow in a slow but steady stream. I was suprised by three things. First, I could barely even tell I was peeing. I mean, I could feel I was peeing, but I couldn't hear anything. Even when going in your pants you can still hear a slight hiss, but when your pee is soaking straight through your pants and into your bedsheets it doesn't even make a noise. Those who have never wet their bed (while awake) probably won't understand just how surreal it is to pee without any noise. It might sound like I'm overstating it, but the incredible thing is that it makes it feel totally natural. When you can barely tell you're peeing, just letting go in your bed seems like it's no big thing, like it's the most normal thing in the world.

The second thing that surprised me is how it felt. I'm not talking about the warm wetness against my skin, but the sensation. It's not so much a sexual thing (though it was a massive turn-on), but a feeling of complete relaxation. As the desperation in my bladder subsided, I could feel the tension flowing out of me just like the pee flowing through my underwear. And its so freeing to just let go while you lie there in the warmth of your bed - no trudging to the bathroom in the cold, just complete freedom.

The third and final surprise was how comfortable it was. To be honest you can't really feel all that much. I was expecting a warm feeling to spread across my crotch like when I wet my pants, but there wasn't really much of that at all. After what must have been 10-15 seconds I could tell that the pee was starting to flow under me, but it wasn't all that noticeable. I think the reason for this is that after you've been in bed for a while, your bedsheets end up close to your body temperature and so there's very little temperature difference between your pee and the dry fabric. In any case, I think this is a big contributor to how you can barely tell you're peeing - not only can you not hear anything, but you can hardly feel anything against your skin either. Even long after I'd finished peeing and been lying there for a while, it remained incredibly comfortable. It had definitely cooled off a bit, but it didn't feel cold.

Eventually I rolled over to face the other way. This meant lying the until now dry side of my body in the puddle, and I was pleasantly surprised by how warm it still was. I lay there like that for a while, enjoying the comfort and warmth before I felt the need to pee again. So once more I relaxed and let it out, and it was just as nice as the first time. After enjoying it some more, before I got out of bed I decided to roll over onto my back so that my butt was in the wet patch, and the pee soaked into the last dry part of my boxer briefs. Once again it felt blissfully warm against my butt cheeks.

Safe to say I'm hooked. After all that worrying about it being cold and wet, turns out it's probably the nicest way to wet yourself. I really should have just let it go when I first woke up! While I didn't manage to get back to sleep again after, that was only because I was already wide awake, and had nothing to do with being wet. I was always skeptical when I read posts by some of the more dedicated bedwetters on this forum about how they wet every night and how it's the most comfortable way to sleep, but now I totally believe them.

I'd certainly recommend at least trying it to everyone here who is in a position to do so. YMMV depending on how insulating your bedsheets are, and I'm sure it would have gone cold if I'd let it. But if your sheets keep you fully warm on a cold night and you make an effort to stay well tucked in, I think you'll find it incredibly comfortable. The best part is, even after letting out two full bladders worth of pee the mattress was bone dry. So clean-up is as simple as a couple of loads of laundry.

Think I'm going to try it again tonight!

Anyway, here's some photos of the aftermath. (Btw, you can't really tell but those boxer briefs are completely soaked. The sweatpants are wet down to the knees too).

$$$$$$$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*007*2019-05-15 23:17

So I decided to wet the bed again the other night. Once again I drank plenty of water before going to bed, and woke up needing to pee after a couple of ours. This time I remembered what I was doing before I was even fully awake, so I just lay there, relaxed, and let it out. Still not being fully awake, I drifted off again pretty quickly afterwards.

When I woke up the next morning the bed was still comfortably warm, and I needed to pee again. So for a second time I just let go where I was lying, feeling a new flood of warmth spread under me. I stayed in bed gently humping the wet sheets and enjoying the warm wetness for a while, before finally getting up.

$$

$$

