Drunk car wetting during new year

Author: JulesH

*000*2017-01-02 14:30

Unfortunately happened with me and a friend 2 days ago (on New Year's day). I honestly can't enjoy omorashi if it is obvious the other person is not comfortable with it. At least not as it happens, but I like to read stories and hear the people involved in it themselves telling about it later so I'll write it here for anyone who could find it amusing.

###

Warning: next paragraph is quite disgusting so feel free to skip it

In this case the girl is a very close friend, already in her 30's and in my judgemental opinion too old to get wasted drunk like she did. We went together to this New Year party in the countryside to meet many other friends and she was supposed to sleep there while I was planning driving back home right after the fireworks (so I didn't even drink). She ended up drinking too much and feeling bad, so she asked to go back and her friends agreed it was the best idea. She was still happy and making lots of jokes while stumbling to the car. 

As soon as we departed she slept, after around 30 minutes in the middle of nowhere on a fucking cold night she starts throwing up with no early warning. I freaked out since she looked like she was still sleeping and I thought she could choke. I was so worried I couldn't even get angry about it, but she woke up in the middle of it and as soon as I stopped she opened the door and fell in the asphalt. where she stayed for almost an hour throwing up, crying, and apologizing (sometimes all at the same time). Sorry for describing such nightmarish scene.

###

When she could stand again and after drinking some water and washing herself the best she could we got back in the car and continued. She fell asleep again in seconds and just around 5 minutes later started peeing so strong I noticed it by the noise (anyway, I wouldn't be able to feel anything over the pungent vomit smell). It was enough pee to spill through the front of the seat, although on the next day I noticed that actually most of it went in the back since the car still had a puddle on the floor there. While she was peeing I called her name 4 times, but when she didn't reply I just let she do it. I even thought (accurately) it would help washing away the vomit from the seat.

At the time I just stopped in the middle of the road since it was desert. She continued peeing for maybe 20 seconds and didn't wake up, but after she finished I kept calling her and she did mumble (wanted to make sure she was alive, I was still scared). I got moving again and we finally made to her house and hour later. She was still half sleeping and wouldn't walk by herself... so I tried carrying her - spoiler: I couldn't and she lived on the 2nd floor - so I half carried her very slowly while she would at least try to support herself whenever I stopped to rest. We stopped in front of her door while I searched for her keys in her purse and, while I did that, she peed again, almost as much as the first time and this time standing by herself.

I really don't know how, but again she didn't notice even though a river of pee was running down her leg. When I commented half laughing "do you know you are peeing?" she just mumbled she wanted to sleep. I searched for another 10 minutes and even went back to the car to see if the key was there, just to go back to her door and have her take the key out of her pocket while seating right by the pee puddle and open the door herself (I asked before, she said she didn't know where it was!!!). We went inside, I covered her bed with all towels I could find and let her lay down there. Stayed for another 2 hours to make sure she was gonna be ok and finally left.

###

Aftermath: she messaged me apologizing again on the next morning and said she will help me clean the car. I ended up cleaning it alone but since it was still stinking of vomit I asked her to help me clean it again. This morning we cleaned it (it still stinks! FML) and at no time she mentioned anything about peeing, just saying sorry she threw up. At the end I said "you know, some people when get that drunk even pee themselves" she was shocked by learning that and said shaking her head that has never happened to her and she is happy she only vomits. 

I'm sure she wouldn't lie, so she really never noticed she emptied her bladder on her pants twice on the same night, probably it was dry already when she woke up and impossible to tell apart from the vomit, specially since she vomited mostly in her own lap, chest and a bit even on her shoes. She looked embarrassed enough and quite sad about what happened so I didn't tell her about the pee. Hope it can become a funny story in the future, right now I feel nauseated just by proofreading and remembering what happened.

*005*2017-01-03 12:49

When I asked her if it was ok that I covered her bed with her towels she actually told me that in the morning she threw them all together with her clothes in the bathtub with laundry detergent and let it soak before putting in the washing machine. Honestly if I haven't seen her peeing I wouldn't notice it too, she threw up intermittently for almost one hour, a lot of it on herself.

We have been close friends for many years and I like to think I know her pretty well. She is the type of person who would get depressed by knowing what happen and no matter how long in the future would still get sad whenever she remembered it, it would never become an "old story". I'm also very curious to see her reaction, but I can't, it would be too humiliating. She also confessed it was the second time she got so drunk she threw up on someone's car, so if I tell she will also torture herself forever wondering if she peed the other time too - which I also wonder - and it was her manager's car! In resume: I don't intend ever telling her that she peed herself that night.

{{3 hours ago, jean said:

I Know, it's only a great story for outsiders (maybe) but thanks for sharing.

When she washed her wet pants, did she think it's all vomit on the leg of her trousers or did she wear a skirt?

}}

She was wearing blue jeans, a dark green shirt and a down coat which luckily didn't get as dirty as her jeans and shirt. If forgot to say it in the story, sorry.

