My first involuntary wetting - Extreme Rapid Desperation

Author: NotDusty

*000*2020-01-28 11:51

After having had some frustrating holds and also having plenty of free time on my hands and a free house, I recently decided to try the Rapid Desperation Method ($/755-an-experiment-in-rapid-desperation/?tab=comments#comment-7257

) modified with additional quantities to account for the fact that I've got a reasonably strong bladder.

The plan was simple. I would pee on the hour, every hour for 8 hours while drinking 1 litre of fluid per hour at the same time, with the drinking continuing at the same rate after the holding time began. I also measured each pee every time so I could work out an approximate hourly rate that my bladder would need to expand once I started holding. My day went a little something like this (skip to 18:00 for the holding part)

=====

10:00:- First pee of the day (200ml). Didn't need to go at all but this gives us our zero point.

10:00 - 11:00:- 250ml of tea, 500ml of water and 250ml of orange juice. Breakfast also eaten at this time.

11:00:- Second pee of the day (400ml). Still no real sensation, wouldn't have crossed my mind to pee but for the clock telling me to. (Total drunk - 1000ml; Total peed - 600ml)

11:00 - 12:00:- 250ml of tea, 250ml of water, 250ml of orange juice, 250ml of iced tea.

12:00:- Third pee of the day (750ml). Kidneys starting to wake up now, under normal circumstances I would have gone to the bathroom if I was in public and knew there wouldn't have been an opportunity for a while. (Total drunk - 2000ml; Total peed - 1350ml)

12:00 - 13:00: 500ml of water, 250ml of coffee, 250ml of tea. Lunch eaten at this time.

13:00:- Fourth pee of the day (900ml). Kidneys now working fast. Under normal circumstances finding a toilet would have been top of my list of priorities but still not too bad for now. (Total drunk 3000ml; Total peed - 2250ml)

13:00 - 16:00:- The next few hours passed by more or less the same as the previous one, I drank a litre of fluids (and ate regular snacks) and peed more or less exactly 900ml on the hour each hour, until...

16:00 - 17:00:- Feeling cocky, I decided to step things up a little. I drank 500ml of water, 250ml of coffee, 250ml of tea and 250ml of orange juice in this hour, for a total of 1250ml of fluids.

17:00:- Eighth pee of the day (1100ml). Phew! By this point my kidneys were working overtime, pumping urine into my bladder almost as fast as I could handle. My muscles were by now also getting noticeably weaker, and I leaked a little taking my trousers down for this pee. (Total drunk - 7250ml; Total peed - 5750ml)

17:00 - 18:00:- Back to the regular litre of drinking for this hour in advance of the hold, 500ml of water and 500ml of iced tea.

=====

18:00:- Holding begins.

By my rough (and slightly distracted) calculations at this point I had approximately 2500ml of fluid 'in my system', taking into account the surplus 1500ml from over the course of the whole day, and the litre from the previous hour. By this point I was already pretty desperate, and considering that based on my flow rate up to that point (approx. 900ml per hour), this was no surprise.

I changed into my holding clothes (an old pair of gym shorts and a tiny men's thong) and let the fun begin. I had a target in mind of 19:00, by which point I would have approximately 1800ml in my bladder, which would be close to my personal record. But with such tired muscles, would this be possible? What follows is a rough live blog of the finale.

18:13: - Definitely filling quickly. Approximatley 7/10 or so. If I were in public getting to the toilet ASAP would be my number one priority. I was bobbing around subtly in my seat and fanning my legs back and forth occasionally.

18:25: - Really getting bad now. Not quite at the leaking stage, probably at around an 7.5 or 8/10. Started watching some wetting videos on Pornhub to tease myself even further, which had the desired effect! Still sitting but won't be able to much longer, bobbing around constantly, fanning my legs and occasionally squeezing my dick to stop me from leaking. By now the gym shorts have come off to ease the pressure on my bladder and only the thong remains. My bladder is so distended that my thong feels like it's trying to cut me in half.

18:36: - Don't know if I'm going to make it until 19:00. I had to stand up as sitting was compressing my bladder too much, but not gravity has taken over. I can't stand up straight and a full on pee dance is in progress. One noticeable thing compared to normal is that my muscles are noticeably weaker. My tiny cotton thong has a very slightly dampness to it just at the tip of my dick, a sign that the full on leaking will probably start soon. Approximately 8.5 /10.

18:42: - I temporarily regained my composure for a minute or two but then lost it again. Full pee dance is in progress and I've got a firm hand squeezing my dick at all times. Muscles feel incredibily weak. Very slow, gradual leaking has begun, and I've had to put a towel down, though no pee has reached the floor yet. 9/10. Fuck, where did I put my measuring jug?

18:43: - Had to go and retrieve my measuring jug from where I last left it in the bathroom, very gradually leaking all the way there and back. There is now a large wet spot on my thong which is making it very hard to hold.

18:46: - First big spurt, managed to cut it off after a second or so. Thong is now completely soaked through and I'm holding on for dear life. Must hold on to 19:00!

18:48: - Two big spurts into my thong, I reached for my measuring jug and put it in position, but as i bent to remove my thong the floodgates opened. There was absolutely no stopping it, my muscles simply gave way altogether and the measuring jug was forgotten. The warmth spread all down my legs and over my feet, soaking the towel beneath my in crystal clear pee. After about 20 seconds the towel was getting so soaked I had to stop enjoying it and squatted to start peeing into the measuring jug. I peed for roughly another 40 seconds or so and ended up with 1100ml in the jug at the end. Accounting for the fact that the first 20 seconds were far more intense, I think my initial estimate of an 1800ml pee would have been about roughly right.

=====

Overall, a very successful day, I think this goes to show that with enough patience and knowing your own capacity, anyone can have a true accident. Needless to say, in the subsequent 18 hours my bladder has still been very active, and only now at midday the next day have things really started to calm down.

I hope you enjoyed reading and perhaps this will inspire you to have your own similar experience. Stay safe and know your own limits!

*002*2020-01-28 19:56

{{4 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Wow!! Loved reading that

Inspired to do something similar as I have never been able to fully lose control before

}}

Thanks! I would thoroughly recommend it :)

*007*2020-01-30 09:45

{{3 hours ago, soggysarah said:

I need to try this soon but I tend to lose control within a couple hours after chugging 2 liters in a short time so I doubt my wimpy bladder could handle it lol

}}

You can adjust for your own capabilities by drinking less and peeing more often, it’s just the idea of having a lead in time with regular relief to weaken your muscles before you then try and hold.

{{3 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I've tried to lose total control but I never had the patience for it, I'd get so desperate I'd be impatient for the relief and the major wetting that would come with it.

A few times I tried to receive challenges to get me to involuntarily wet all the way, but the only time I did get those challenges she ended it pretty early and while I did lose control for longer than before, my bladder was far from empty when it stopped coming out. And no one wants to give me those challenges now so I've given up on a full blown loss of control and hope it doesn't happen at an unintended time in front of someone. (besides, I'd leak first which would get me wet anyway)

But on these holds I reach levels of desperation I've never known before and usually never get to anywhere else so it did help me know how far it has to go before even any leaks.

Congratulations on reaching that elusive point. (Well, elusive to those of us who want to experience it, that is. I did make three users here wet themselves on Live Action Omo challenges though, one of whom was specifically going for that, which is why I think I could experience it if people would just give me challenges to try to make me wet myself all the way)

If I had the patience I'd consider trying your strategy... Also concerned about sleeping with an active and weakened bladder, no risk of bedwetting? (I've never wet the bed before even when peeing vividly in a dream, and don't have mattress protection for it) Maybe if I did this for four hours and then took the same challenges I got before, or the ones I gave to someone last time?

}}

Have you tried any of the Milovana challenges? I often use those to really stretch myself, although not in this case. “Choose Your Bladder Torture” is my personal favourite. You sound like you have a similarly strong bladder as me, so be really harsh on yourself and you’ll need to drink quite a bit and wait quite a while. If you wait until you’re absolutely breaking your neck for a pee before ‘admitting it’ to the game, you should find you’ll have a genuine accident, as that is what the game is set up to do.

*010*2020-01-30 17:22

{{3 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I don't even know what those are.

}}

$iframe data-embed-src="$/53184-the-extensive-guide-to-milovana-omo-content/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1709120&embedComment=1709120&embedDo=findComment#comment-1709120"

Have a look at that and see what you think

*012*2020-01-30 18:56

{{15 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Checking out Pee Surprise and Halloween Themed Bladder Tease. I won't be doing the challenges yet, just want to see what they're like.

Edit: I won't want one that would require getting out of my seat, which I'd put protection on.

Probably won't do Pee Surprise, checking out Pee Holding Challenge and Choose Your Bladder Torture now. Though there are some challenges I'd feel compelled to skip, like how would I tie myself up and how would I untie myself afterwards?

}}

For sure there are some elements you can skip, depends what you’re into. The challenges are still useful as timers and as drink prompts either way. If you’re going to stick with any challenges, I’d recommend doing the exercises in particular. The sit ups and star jumps really get me desperate!

*014*2020-01-30 19:13

{{7 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

So just do any challenges I feel like and skip ones that wouldn't work for me. Timers will of course make me more desperate and increase chances of wetting.

And if I seem like I'm going to wet myself while exercising, I will have time to return to my seat with the protection on it to avoid making a mess on the carpet, right? (even though pee will probably be clear)

}}

Yeah totally. The challenge will give you say 3 minutes to do 10 sit ups, if you don’t feel like doing that you can just sit out three minutes and wait for the next challenge to tick over.

Regarding the exercises, I would have thought so yes. As they’ll only be relatively static exercises (not running around the block or anything), you can just put a towel down that would absorb any spurts and then sit down ASAP.

*018*2020-01-30 19:33

{{Just now, The Dark Wolf said:

And when I do go for it I'll probably try the "pee every hour" for a few hours before I begin.

}}

Totally helps to make it more intense

*021*2020-02-01 10:25

{{7 hours ago, Cantholdit92 said:

Wow amazing read! Would have loved to see that in real life!

}}

I’d love to show someone some day, just need to meet the right person!

