Ordinary but desperate day

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-04-26 16:57

I usually have these "I don't sleep almost at all" periods in my life, but couple of days I've just been sleeping. I slept the night my boyfriends was here and watched The Sopranos. I was sleeping in weird positions among my boyfriend on the couch, because I didn't have much space. I slept the day after, next to my boyfriend, and skipped school. When he left last evening, I was awake few hours before falling asleep again.

I was having dreams about being long time in a car and needing to hold. I often wet in my dreams (not actual wetting, just in dreams), but not this time. The dream just got really odd after I got out of the car.

I woke up and felt the need to go, as usually. It was 11 AM, and next time I needed to be somewhere was 3 PM. My house was once again a big mess. I decided to make some coffee, tidy a bit and have some holding fun before I needed to leave my place.

I was desperate in no time and I hadn't done almost anything yet. I had drank only one cup of coffee and I couldn't centre my focus anything anymore. I thought that this time, I'll go to the toilet, because I really needed to get things done before leaving.

After couple of cups of coffee, I changed my pajama pants to clothes I would be leaving my house with. I wore tight, dark grey jeans, white tank top and brown shirt. It was obvious that I couldn't wet anymore before I'd be leaving. I still had about an hour to the H-hour, more coffee in the machine and I needed to to do something to my face and hair.

My need to go rose again. I thought that I'd be holding until I need to leave, still sipping coffee.

I was sitting in front of a mirror, putting make up on my face. My bladder pressure was really heavy and it was hard to do sharp lines as I was wiggling really bad. However, I could finish my make up, and still needed to brush and iron my hair. It was so hard to hold that I was confused and ran around my house looking for stuff I needed. I couldn't think of their location even they were on their place.

My urge was becoming really struggling as I stood in front of the mirror in the toilet and straightened my hair. It probably looked like I was dancing with my hair straightener, so fast I changed the weight from one leg to another. After that I made a bun and was putting hair pins so fast to my hair that it felt like I was in a competition "Who does a bun fastest".

Leaking was really near. I couldn't have an accident now, because I needed to leave in minutes. I put last pin to my hair, sprayed some hairspray and lowered my pants to go for a pee.

When I was standing at the bus stop, earphones in my ears and listening to the music, I got the need to go again. I had drank too much coffee. I don't like to be desperate in public but apparently that was going to happen now. I wasn't afraid of having an public accident tho, since there are large amounts of public restrooms available, I just usually try to avoid using them 'til the last drop.

It was cold and rainy. I had left little too early once again and there was still ten minutes left before the bus would arrive. I lit my cigarette and considered my options. It was 2 PM and would be almost 7 PM when I'd be home again. I either needed to use public restroom or last hours. With my coffee intake amount it could be hard to hold.

The bus ride was annoying even tho I wasn't too desperate. The bus was shaking and the road was bumpy. The combination of these two made hard times for my bladder. I certainly didn't feel comfortable.

When I was talking with my psychologist, I didn't concentrate on my growing need to pee. After an hour, I stood up from the chair and I don't know if the psychologist saw the surprise from my face when I realized that I was actually kinda desperate. I didn't want to use the restroom there, so I just walked out. At first I thought I possibly could make it to the home, but as I was walking towards my school, I realized that I wasn't going to make it much longer. I hadn't even noticed becoming this desperate and now I was almost bursting. The school wasn't far away, but I was really struggling to get there. 

I was walking so fast I could and biting my teeth hard together, trying to keep my bladder from releasing. I was almost at school, when my phone rang; My mother called. I tried my best to talk normally, but it probably sounded like I was running somewhere. When I was finally at school, I needed to end that phone call, ran up to the stairs to the first possible restroom. I threw my bag on the floor, lowered my jeans and sat on the toilet. All pain was gone and I was relieved that I still kept my public accident score at zero. The peeing felt almost as good as having a really good sex.

