Wonderful warm, wet stress relief!

Author: LunasAuditor

*000*2016-10-20 18:20

Had a bit of fun with some slow but steady peeing last night and thought I'd share!

Currently I'm on a residential study course, staying in a tiny village in the Cotswolds with maybe 5 other people in the house. I really want to destress but I was disappointed at first because I thought I wouldn't be able to indulge in any Omo fun & games - the thought of getting caught wetting myself up here makes me shudder! I started the evening just browsing the internet and listening to chilled tunes but eventually veered onto Omo.org... Well, I might not be able to play myself, but I figured I could at least enjoy reading all your escapades!

That, however led me to chatting about my situation and Spurgle oh-so-helpfully pointed out that as long as I didn't full-out pee myself I could still have some fun taking it slow... so I decided to put on my nice comfy tracksuit bottoms (I think they count as "sweatpants"), the black ones that would do a good job hiding any wet patches, snuggle into bed and let a quick little stream out to warm myself up...I had a bottle of red wine and plenty of water to fill my bladder but wanted to keep things under control so just sipping the wine and enough water to keep hydrated and refill slowly but surely...

Every time I felt even a small need to pee, I was letting out just enough to trickle down my legs and around my crotch before being soaked up by my trousers - and then cutting it off mid-stream, giving me that blissful tingly feeling... Each little release felt so naughty, knowing I was in unfamiliar territory with potentially terrible consequences for getting caught, but peeing myself anyway gave me little squirms of pleasure each and every time! And I was doing this every five minutes or so over the course of a good few hours, so that's a lot of little devilish squirms I can tell you!

At the start I wasn't wet enough for it to reach the outside of my trousers, and enough of the pee would soak away between times that I could keep topping it up with no worries, but about half an hour in I let out a bigger spurt that trickled around my bum towards the back and the bed! In a mild panic I jumped up and grabbed a towel to put down just in case, and a plastic bag to go between the now damp front of my trousers and the duvet, but luckily nothing had escaped yet and my trousers soaked it up nicely! By that point the wine had started to kick in though, and after peeing a couple more times I was getting more desperate than I wanted to risk so decided to go to the loo so I could build up from scratch again... And then I realised I have a sink in my room... So feeling even naughtier I went over, pulled down the wet trousers now clinging to my front and emptied my bladder in the sink!!

Of course I made sure to rinse it out thoroughly - not only to avoid getting caught but it wouldn't exactly be fair on the next person to stay here, even though the room is mine for another 3 weeks! But by now my trousers had cooled a bit and since I was up I thought I'd take a chance and pop out for a smoke... Of course by then it was pitch black outside, my room is right by the front door and I'd checked that the wet patch was hard to spot (although not as hard as I'd expected!), but I was still extra scared ducking out the door as fast as I could to hide in the shadows! While I was out there I decided to warm myself up a bit and peed some more - now I was standing up it trickled downwards more and into some dry parts to be soaked up again, but just after I let loose I saw someone coming by from the car park! Doing my best to hold my composure while freaking out internally, luckily she just passed on by without even looking my way - lucky escape there!

Back in the relative safety of my room I caught Gemmy on the live action thread, doing a hold of her own so spent a surprisingly long time offering encouragement and moral support, and teasing her with descriptions of just how delightful it was for me, releasing little warm wet streams when she couldn't! I'm sure you get the idea - but at the same time it threw my judgement off a bit and I was getting pretty darned wet myself with all the times I was peeing just because I could! By the time she finally caved I was getting a little desperate too, I'd say around the 5 or 6 mark where you feel the need fairly constantly but not yet a pressing need... still feels great though! When I finally got up to go pee again though, I was shocked to find just how badly soaked I was! I'd been so distracted that it had started soaking through my trousers AND the towel I was lying on, and there was just a little damp patch on the bedsheets!

So realising I'd pushed things a bit too far I decided to call it quits, get a fresh towel to dry out the bed and hit the shower, fully clothed, to wash out my wonderfully soggy trousers... God the hot water felt good, but the pee was still so much better!

*003*2016-10-25 15:21

Thanks! Was a lot of fun, and I've brought a single diaper with me this week so should be able to have a bit of fun with that! But I'm leaving it to a friend of mine to decide how and when to use it... Should be interesting!

Sounds like you had fun there too @WetDave

, kinda thrilling when it's a bit risky!

*006*2016-10-26 11:35

@WetDave

You type "@" then the name (no spaces) the same way as on facebook... and yeah 'tis definitely more fun for the risk!

@omovladz

I agree the full on flood is more fun if you can but more of a challenge to hold back a bit and I had to work with the circumstances... plus I get to let loose whenever I like at home so kinda nice to try something different!

I had a bit of fun on Saturday getting caught short walking back from the station which I may post about too, and planning on some fun this weekend also... all this restraint during the week calls for no restraint at weekends!!

*009*2016-10-27 10:22

Well I basically have no recourse to dry anything out properly while I'm up here, or to do washing or anything, so I only have what I bring with me each week. Plus the rooms get cleaned every day while we're in class, which is great since I don't have to bother with it myself but I don't want it to smell of pee or to risk the cleaners coming across soaked clothing or anything, and I definitely don't want to get the bed or the carpet wet as I'd HAVE to answer for that even if they just ignored any of my own wet stuff... I only have a week and a half left of this place (provided the finals go well!) so I want to keep things on good terms as these are pretty damned important exams so keeping it slow and steady seemed like the best option all around! (and stop trying to tempt me!! )

But I AM planning on going all out this weekend in some fashion, so that'll make up for it!

*011*2016-10-27 10:36

Ooh, now that IS tempting... just still need to figure out what to do with the evidence afterwards though...

*013*2016-10-27 11:21

Well a skirt would be a dead giveaway, plus I don't own one! But I'll come up with something I'm sure!

