First Story - Real Experience

Author: Oasis95

*000*2017-08-15 06:09

About five years ago while I was living in Calcutta (or Kolkata) I had a friend called Sunetra. Cheerful and bubbly girl that she was, parties were a regular affair for her. She used to live just a few minutes away from my apartment and hence we'd often hang out together. One thing she always wanted me to do was join her to go hit a big party some place. Now I'm not a very big enthusiast for huge parties and massive gatherings of strangers dancing (if you can call it that) to some EDM crap (sorry if you're an EDM fan :p). Despite all this, since it was New Year's Eve my friend Sunetra wouldn't leave me be about attending a party with her.

We went to this New Year's Eve Bash at some 'Ibiza Festival', whatever that is. This being New Year's, it was peak winter in Calcutta. Calcutta does not get anywhere near ass cold as where I live now, but the temperature legitimately drops to around 10 degrees at night. The weather would play an important role in why I consider my only EDM party an evening well spent. As we reached there we were thronged by hundreds of people in the arena. We drank, we danced (I attempted to at least) and smoked some good stuff straight from the hills.

All in all things were going well. Now alcohol tends to go right to my bladder, which is why I had already popped out to the port-a-potties for a leak, but after about three hours into the party I realized that Sunetra had been drinking copiously, but made no sign to go to the restroom. But the swilling alcohol and the cold weather eventually combined for her to come up to me while looking somewhat fidgety and ask "Hey did you notice where the toilets are around here?"

I took her to the port-a-potties which was a ten minute walk away. During this time her desperation seemed to increase in leaps and bounds. She got increasingly shifty and began crossing her legs while pausing for breath every few seconds. I remember it clearly as yesterday. Even in the cold there was sweat glistening on her forehead. Her breasts seem to undulate and heave rhythmically; I could see them fit to burst through her tight tank top. I suddenly thought that her straining bladder must have been as fit to burst as her breasts seemed to metaphorically strain through her tight top. Her skinny jeans made her act of wiggling her butt in her urgent need even more prominent. But I digress. Mired in my own thoughts (and thankful for my jeans covering my raging boner) we reached the toilets. As you can imagine the weather and the whiskey had had a similar effect upon most of the other girls at the party. Both toilets had a line of more than twenty increasingly desperate women.

Sunetra bit her lip and joined the line. I could hear her muttering under breath praying for the the line to move faster. She turned to look at me worriedly and finally blushed as her hand slowly crept down between her legs and furtively grabbed her crotch. She didn't want me to see that but desperate times call for desperate measures. After fifteen minutes during which time Sunetra went into a full-blown pee dance, she finally walked out of the queue and desperately asked me to find another place for her to relieve herself. We went looking near the line of bushes and trees which marked off a somewhat wooded area behind the concert arena. However, just as in many other ways in this country the men seemed to have it easier. There was a whole row of men happily urinating away on the field and around the trees with not a care in the world. Now I knew Sunetra was shy and sure enough after hesitating for a second she looked at me and said "Let's get out of here."

'Why don't you just go beside a tree? I'll give you cover." (Me still being a good friend)

"No, thanks. There are guys here and...I'll try my luck with the ladies room"

There we were back at the restroom line and soon enough the inevitable happened. After a few more minutes Sunetra started clearly tearing up. Her urgency had driven her to her limit. I grabbed her arm and started marching her of towards the parking lot back to our car. But it was not much use. After a second her urethra could obviously not take the pressure of the urine inside her any longer. She grabbed my arm. There was a lot of force in that grip. Desperation has so many interesting physical manifestations doesn't it? Her breath caught in her throat and her fingers clenched her privates for dear life but the dam had burst. Her jeans quickly darkened as an ever darkening stream of urine radiated out of her womanhood to cover her legs and the back of her jeans.

Consoling her I finally got her to the car. Because of the cold winter air I put the heater on inside the vehicle and put her in the back seat. "I di...didn't mee..mean for you to se – ee that" was all she could stammer. her body was sagging physically from the mortification and shame of what had just transpired. I quickly peeled her jeans and drenched panties off. There was no complaint. I carefully began to clean her legs up with cotton wipes and tissues. As I reached further up her bare, soft legs, towards her inner thighs I could not tear my eyes away from the spectacle of her uncovered vagina. The soft downy pubic hair looked even more enchanting under the dim streetlight filtering in through the windscreen. A prominent clitoris and oh so delicate lips, like metaphoric flower petals. 

I could get why a lot of the flower comparisons happened when it came to the pussy in the literature of passion. Pussy. Man I hate that word. I slowly wiped her nether lips. They were so soft and slightly began quivering under my ministrations. Sunetra's breasts were rising and falling increasingly rapidly again but I felt there was a different urge at play here. I suddenly felt a sudden flow of liquid on my hands. This time it wasn't her pee that was leaking but her otherwise restrained self. Her hips seemed to buck and all this while I was just caressing the petals. Our society is far too merciless to a woman's desire. But I digress yet again. Her hips slow, grinding motion revealed her other secret orifice to me. What is supposedly described as the most delicate and rarest of rosebuds, and I can see why. But enough with the floral comparisons.

What happens now is beyond the brief of what I am writing. :p

*003*2017-08-16 05:09

The ornate language was something I was trying out...have to put my literature degree to some use :P

