Black Friday Sneezing Accident

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2017-11-25 23:07

Well I decided to venture out shopping yesterday, despite all my very being telling me not to. I actually needed to buy necessities, so I ventured forth on my way home from work. The huge mall near my place was absolute madness. Well I don’t know if it was the crowds of people with excessive perfume, or the white flocking on the holiday decorations, or what, but something in the air triggered a rather serious sneezing fit for me. The result was a rather serious panty wetting accident. I soaked my Friday panties and my tights for good measure. With ever sneeze (and there were more than 5 of them), I could feel a squirt of pee flooding into the gusset of my panties. Bearing down was not really possible and I worried that using my hand to try to hold myself would leave a wet spot on my skirt, or also standing in a crowded mall with a hand jammed between my legs.

Fortunately I was wearing a knee length skirt, so the damage was not visible to the (did I mention) huge crowds of people. I was mortified, but glad that nothing was visible (hand pat down confirmed this). When I went to a nearby washroom to inspect the damage, I found a wet spot on the crotch of my tights large enough so that it could not be concealed by a hand, and in both the front and back. A little streak had also made it down my right inner thigh, but had not gone down far enough to reach the hem of my skirt.

With the difficulty that comes with doing anything in a public washroom, much less removing one all important footwear, I slipped out of my rights and panties and balled them up in my purse. Out of very long habit, I carry a spare pair of panties in my purse, and I pulled these on now. Just for good measure I put in a pad.

$$

It was surprising how pretty normal this whole procedure was. I’ve done it many times before. The changing part was all business, but the standing recovering from the sneezing fit and the walking to the washroom was energizing. My heart was pounding, my adrenaline was up. I was incredibly focused on the people around me, my body, the rapidly cooling wet spot between my legs especially, but also the way I was moving my hands, holding my shoulders, etc. At the time there was nothing sexual about my covert walk of shame to the public washrooms – just a girl in wet underwear and tights hurrying to the public convenience to inspect herself. But afterwards at home cuddled up in my warm bed (after my shower and taking these images of my semi-dry panties), I got to relive the experience and at this time it got me very aroused.

$$

It’s interesting how I find myself reliving embarrassing wetting incidents from the past, which at the time were horrifying, but are now very erotic.

P.S. sorry for the poor picture quality, steamy post-shower bathrooms are not the best place for quality photography.

Rach

*011*2017-12-06 21:03

{{On 11/27/2017 at 2:46 PM, Manowar said:

I also like the story but I feel bad becsuse I can imagine you was not very happy when you had an accident. Am I right?

}}

Yes and no, it was certainly inconvenient and upsetting at the time (and not at all sexy). But after the fact, it's strange, I can isolate all the different emotions and suddenly they become erotic! Strange how the mind works.

{{On 11/27/2017 at 5:45 PM, Missypee said:

Oh the joys of a weak bladder this happened to me at school in either year 9 or 10, cant remember which. Admittedly I did really need to go to the bathroom and was hanging on like my life depended on it. I felt the sneeze coming and there was absolutely nothing I could do to stop it . I sneezed more like a mini explosion than a sneeze and to my horror my bladder let out the biggest squirt of pee. I was mortified because the flood gates opened and I sat helplessly pissing myself in front of the whole class. The puddle under my chair grew larger and larger, obviously my bladder hated me and wanted everyone to see me make a total fool of myself. At that moment I wish I could have died. Another fun school memory Not !

}}

Big hug, I've been there and in class too (though my incidents have been much smaller, I don't think a sneeze has ever caused me to flood completely... but I've certainly soaked my pants all the same.

{{On 12/1/2017 at 9:30 PM, Stanley79 said:

Some Pacific-Coast evergreens can set off sneezing fits. If some stores there still use real evergreens, that might be the irritant. Did you do a preemptive before leaving work?

For me, leaving a warm mall into cold outdoors sets off shivers. The shivers have set off more leaking than sneezing has in my case. For me leaving work without doing a preemptive has been a gamble.

}}

Really? I didn't know this, I've seen their yellow powdery pollen, but I've not thought about it causing me to sneeze, that could be it... though it's certainly not that time of the year.

*013*2017-12-08 00:33

{{21 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Questions:

Any conifer scents in the air? Some people (including me) have strong reactions to certain conifer scents. Besides their normal scents, some conifers dump large pollen quantities in seasons no self-respecting broad-leaf would.

Did you decide to visit the mall after getting in your car, or otherwise miss a preemptive pee? I'm asking because my after-work accidents nearly always happened when I've had to skip a preemptive to catch a bus or similar situation.

}}

Mmm there likely was, though there were a ton of scents in the air. People wear strange scents etc. so it could have been that. I've not really ever had the issue consistently in the past. I'll keep an eye out for that.

And I went with transit, not much of a car person. I've been taking more preemptive pees lately but sometimes even if I'm not at all full, I'll still leak from significant stressors.

*015*2017-12-09 07:07

{{On 12/7/2017 at 5:20 PM, Stanley79 said:

Thank you. Vancouver has great public transit. I never wet due to public transit delays in Vancouver, just in the Puget Sound area.

Were you awake for your last Botox A injections? What does that feel like?

}}

I was pretty strange. A lot like urodynamics actually. They push a probe up your urethra and then jab the inside of your bladder. You are awake the whole time. The first time I did it, I was pretty freaked out, but well now I don't know, it's been a couple of years. I will definitely do an experience write up about it once it's over. I never did last time :)

*017*2017-12-12 01:51

{{9 hours ago, sliplover said:

Thanks for recounting the incident, Rachel.

Skirt...stress incontinence...sneezing....

...sigh...

}}

Yup. And thanks :)

*019*2017-12-19 00:39

{{5 hours ago, Indigo said:

Thanks for the pics, Rachel ... such pretty knickers! Was this the first time you'd ever wetted them?

}}

Absolutely not ;)

*021*2017-12-19 11:07

{{7 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Thank you. That's the impression I got from searching on the subject. Sounds worse than my prostate biopsy. The on-line description said something about numbing the bladder. Hope it goes well.

}}

Thanks and yeah, I've done it twice now, so I know what I'm getting in to, but it's more deadening the muscles, or at least stunning them for a couple of years with Botox to settle them down. Not pleasant as a procedure but I had amazing results with it!

