Desperate Woman at the Bookstore

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-03-04 12:17

I had a good sighting of a desperate Indian woman today at the bookstore where I was chatting with this woman and I can see that she was clearly shifting from leg to leg and eventually while she was chatting she said I'm sorry but I really need to use the ladies room, and it was my delight to be able to tell her that it was closed for cleaning and you could see that she was really annoyed by that, so she continued chatting with me for a few more minutes shifting from leg to leg and it was quite amusing for me, she had no idea how much I was enjoying that! Fortunately the bathroom was open by the time I needed to use it. I did wonder how long she ended up having to wait for the bathroom though.

*002*2021-03-05 11:08

@bustin2pee

"Great sighting. I love those little random chance incidents like that, just seems to make life a bit more enjoyable and makes up for all the other crap we have to put up with!"

I know it really is great you have a sighting like that because for me sightings were relatively rare, I mean other than at my job at least I get to see my female coworkers desperate. But in that case I am always desperate myself, so it's kind of hard to focus on them desperate when I'm focused on holding it in myself and seeing them often just reminds me of my own full bladder. At least in this case I was chatting with another woman who had a full bladder while I didn't really have to pee that bad. It might have even been worth it if they didn't open the bathroom at all just to know that she was going out of her mind with a full bladder.

I feel like my job should have made me more sympathetic to people in these situations but all I could think now when I see women like that is, unless they are holding it 6 1/2 hours outdoors all day they don't know what true bladder pain is! So I still take pleasure in seeing others denied a bathroom, not going to lie about that! And I am glad to see that other people are enjoying this post so much as I didn't really think it was that much of a major sighting, but these days you definitely take what you can get when you can get it.

I have to admit I almost felt like following her around the store just to see what would happen as she got more desperate, but I didn't want to seem like I was weird or creepy or anything like that even though I probably could have done it in a subtle way without it looking like I was following her.

