Car desperation

Author: Alice Ivy

*000*2021-07-08 18:34

Hia, so I did a thing a few days ago! Before we get started I should probably get the obligatory description part out of the way noiw. I'm a tall girl, 6'4" and unfortunately my bad eating habits have gotten worse and I've lost a substantial amount of weight so I am very skinny right now. I was wearing black high waisted jeans a black tee and a pink hoodie. My hair is mid length going just past my shoulders and is a dark golden brown. My hair is curly when it's playing ball but it really wasn't today so it was a bit of a frizzy mess.

So I knew in advance that I had a 2 hour long car journey so I decided to go for a hold, this was my prep. I wanted to leave with an urge at about 5 out of 10 so 2 hours before I started to drink 1.75L and around 30 minutes before I left I felt a small urge to pee probably a 3 or 4 out of 10 so things were going to plan. We left a little bit early and the 2 hour journey started.

It was pretty uneventful for the first leg of the journey, I slowly got more and more desperate reaching a 7 as we hit the halfway point and this is when we hit the traffic. I think it's important for me to point out that I live in a capital city and traffic here is nearly always bad, I often look at the traffic viewer on google maps and it's all either red or orange but the traffic I hit was abnormal. It was way further out than I expected so I was starting to really worry.

20 minutes past and we'd only moved around 2 or 3 miles and my desperation kept on climbing, I was really banking on my shy bladder being shy in the car. Oh right, I need to talk about that fucking thing. Well I have a shy bladder or, to give it it's medical term, Paruresis, it's satans disease. At it's peak I could not pee anywhere that wasn't my toilet at home and to make matters worse because I really really had to pee it felt like I was constantly about to wet myself but I just could not pee, sometimes I managed to leak and at the end of a long school day I'd often be uncontrollably leaking but I could never fully let go. It was hell but I'm getting better and I can pee in public bathrooms now as well as wet myself in just panties, skirts, anything that doesn't massively disrupt the flow of urine while either in my room or the toilet at home and I was really hoping not to have an improvement in my condition because wetting myself in the car wasn't really an option.

A further 40 minutes past and we were at the point where I should be at home sprinting to the toilet but I was stuck in the car with a further 45 minutes to go until we got home and I was at a 9. Part of the challenge that I didn't mention earlier was that I was going to act completely normally in the car, that meant no squirming, no crotch grabbing, no tightly crossed legs, nothing. So I sat that shivering in desperation with only willpower and the condition I'm beating stopping me from peeing and then it happened, the first leak. The pressure has been building up over the course of 2 hours and it was finally too much. As casually as I could I took off my hoodie and put it on my lap, the leak didn't show thankfully but once I start getting leaky I'm usually close to bursting if the situations above are met and I did not want to take any chances. 

So there I was for a further 30 minutes, shivering and trying to subtlety hold myself under my hoodie and miraculously the traffic cleared and we were pulling in after 5 minutes but the hold wasn't done. Remember what I said about acting normal? Well that doesn't stop just because we're near home so I had to slowly grab my bag, unbuckle my seat-belt and grab a few other bags to carry in before casually walking to the front door. as soon as I passed the threshold I dropped the two bags I had brought in and ran upstairs to my bedroom. With this level of desperation and the toilet right next to my room I was sure I could wet my jeans so I sat down on a towel and chatted a little bit on discord expressing just how close to exploding I was until someone posted a water gif, you know this one?

$$

Yea that one, well I saw it and bladder saw that as a challenge to how much pressure it was holding back and it started. First as a couple of leaks that I managed to stop then I start to spurt, then it started to trickle out of me and even though I was using all of my mental and physical strength to hold on pee just started rushing out of me and the relief was amazing, the pee felt amazing in jeans, parts of the stream clung to my legs and ran straight out from the bottom of my jeans while other parts of the stream drenched my jeans in hot pee. I think this is now my favorite past hold of mine, not only did I ended up wetting, I ended up wetting in a way that I have never done in the past.

Thank you so much for reading please leave your thoughts on this experience whether they are positives or things I could improve on, I really want to become a better writer so feedback is very appreciated. Chao!

*003*2021-07-10 07:16

{{8 hours ago, Marco said:

Thank you for your story! How much did you leak in car?

}}

Only a couple of dribbles, I didnt check but I'm sure the wet patch was only about the size of a penny.

