Intense nighttime hold

Author: astralis

*000*2022-02-15 06:54

I think I've posted on here before about how sometimes I'll just get this... need to be desperate. It's this hollowness I feel in my bladder (I think psychosomatically) and I just need to get as full of liquid as I can and then piss it all out. And the longer I go without it the worse the itch gets, until I'm craving it nonstop, can't read any posts on here without aching for it, etc.

So I've been at that point for a while now, but as it's turned out for whatever reason living alone hasn't opened up as many opportunities to do holds as I'd thought. I have a wonky sleep schedule and I don't want to overstrain myself by doing it too often so I just don't, usually; also I'm really lazy and it takes so much effort to get started on a hold. But as I say I've been dying for it and tonight I just thought, fuck it. So I needed to pee a little before supper (seven p.m.) but I didn't go; I had a Capri Sun with my Lunchable and then I had three glasses of tea with my spaghetti. Then I just sat on that for a few hours while watching Succession.

By about ten-thirty, I was starting to need to go more noticeably, so I plugged my laptop in, poured a glass of water, and got down to business. I came on here and read a bunch of posts, refilled the glass, read some more. By this point it's a little after eleven and I turned on the next episode of the show. Each episode is about an hour long, so I figured that would be a good time limit for me. I was in five glasses so far; three of tea, two of water, plus the little packet of Capri Sun. During the show I filled my glass with water again three more times – so five glasses of water total, and then one more of tea. So that's ten drinks over the course of about 4.5 hours.

By the time I got the second to last glass of water I was really desperate, rocking back and forth and clenching my hands on my thighs. But I kept going; there was about a half hour left of the episode, which was exciting for a while, but then I started feeling a little panicky because I needed to pee worse and worse. I got up to get the final glass of water, drank it standing at the sink, then went and filled my glass one more time with tea. I needed to piss so badly I had to jam my hand against my crotch. I could feel my urethra trying to let go. In the last ten minutes of the episode I was just clutching myself desperately rocking back and forth, whining "I can't hold it... I'm gonna piss..."

Finally the credits rolled and I turned it off and tried to stand up, but a huge wave of desperation hit me and I almost couldn't move. I can't remember the last time I felt that desperate. I needed the toilet so, so bad, and I groaned out loud as I finally struggled to my feet and limped to the kitchen sink to put my glass inside. I had to go get my phone so I could time myself; then I went into the bathroom and sat on the toilet. It was twenty seconds to 12:10 at this point and I made myself wait, straining my muscles, whimpering, until finally the clock struck the second and I could let go. I moaned out loud as my piss gushed out, splashing noisily against the bowl, rushing from my urethra. It took a good few seconds for the burning ache of the overly full bladder to dissipate, and then I was just sitting there wetting forcefully into the toilet, panting softly, shaking with relief.

I pissed for a minute and ten seconds before it tapered off, but I knew I wasn't empty, so I pushed a little and some more trickled out. I then sat there fucking around on my phone for the next twenty minutes, occasional spurts and trickles of piss rushing out into the bowl. The longest one lasted about ten seconds on its own. Finally I made myself get up so I could come type this post out, but as I've sat here I've felt the urge growing again, and I know soon I'll get up and go have another very relieving piss in the shower!

*003*2022-02-16 02:37

{{15 hours ago, xixi said:

Sounds like you had a great time!

You were holding a very respectable amount of liquid, weren't you? Any leaks or did you make it totally dry until you decided to give your bladder relief?

}}

Honestly, I think I did leak a tiny bit, which is super rare for me. I felt the tiniest trickle in my underwear when I was still holding it but I thought it was just psychological until a lot later when I went to the bathroom again and saw a damp spot!

{{11 hours ago, luvwetting said:

I do absolutely understand this. I feel exactly the same sometimes.

}}

Ohhh, I'm so glad you get it, friend. It's just such an unbelievable feeling and to finally fulfill it and fully fall into that need... nothing else in the world is like that.

*006*2022-02-17 20:43

{{3 hours ago, lovetohold said:

But there's no way I'll make it to the end of February without my bladder being so full I'm whimpering and unable to walk.

}}

Ugh, yes. That's exactly it, friend. Excellent visual.

*008*2022-02-18 07:43

{{10 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Were you wearing anything while peeing, and if so, what? (If you don't want to answer you don't have to)

}}

Nope, not this time I kind of wanted to put on this old pair of undies I've been meaning to wet and throw out, but it would've been too much work to clean up afterwards considering how late it was... also my trash is full and I didn't want to have them sitting on the floor in a bag or something lol. But I have those undies and an old pair of leggings I don't care for, so someday hopefully soon I'll wet both of them!

*010*2022-02-23 03:31

{{1 hour ago, C.omoboy said:

I always love your unique and singular way of writing, so detailed that it makes me imagine your whole situation, like a script that unfolds in a movie in my mind, I could feel your desperation and liberation that I even felt a tickle in my bladder, great story and it's good that you have times to enjoy holding and releasing your piss

}}

Omg aww, wtf this is so sweet?? Thank you!!! "unique and singular" I just adore when people compliment my writing haha, the phrases live rent-free in my brain for weeks. Also rly pleased you felt a reaction in your own bladder, I feel like that's the ultimate compliment lol. thanks for reading!

