Rapid Desperation For My Boyfriend

Author: Marlee

*000*2019-03-13 07:05

I am going to preface this by saying I am pretty new to omorashi in general.

(you can skip this part if you are un-interested in back story)

Omorashi is a serious turn on for my boyfriend. So in the last month and a half or so I've been giving it a shot. We started out with holds, and it progressively got more intense and harder. The more I do it, the more I've been liking it. Not too long ago, I had asked him what I could do for him, and he mentioned how he wanted me to wet myself for him. I consider myself a pretty open-minded person. I am open to many things, so this didn't seem too out of the question. He had also mentioned something called rapid desperation.

This I had heard of from him when we tried it about a month or so back. Needless to say I didn't enjoy it too much. This time he had completely changed it, even sending me an article on it. Basically I had to drink 12-16 ounces of water every hour, going every time I had to. What this does is flushed out your kidneys so that water can run straight through you. Then, when I started the hold drinking the same amount every fifteen minutes. I guess it was supposed to be really intense, and believe me. It was.

Although it may have been intense, I did enjoy it. It made going through my day way easier as I mostly prefer to be desperate when I'm with him, not alone. Being able to go as much as I wanted throughout the day was nice, I ended up going around 2-3 times per hour. All the water I was drinking was running straight through me. But more on that later.

I'll describe a bit of what I look like, for my safety and his I'm not going to get too in depth with where we were, our ages, or what we look like. I'm pretty tall 5'8-9ish, I'm blonde, tall, skinny, and really am not all that special in any sense. My bladder isn't unreasonably small, but it's not exactly large either. It doesn't matter too much but my boyfriend is taller than me, has brown hair and the prettiest freaking green eyes ever.

Skip here for rapid desperation related stuff

I started drinking at about 6:30-7ish am. While I normally have a large 40 ounce hydro flask that I carry with me, I had a nalgean water bottle that day instead. I had to have about half every hour. Contrary to holds I have done in the past where I start in the morning, I was able to go as much as I pleased until the set holding time which we decided to be around 4 pm. I'll admit, I may have missed an hour mark here or there, but throughout the day I drank the exact needed amount. During this time, I needed to pee so often. And when I had to go, it was intense. I would need to stop what I was doing several times and leave to use the bathroom. If there was ever a situation where I couldn't leave for some reason, I was fidgeting around and shifting and crossing my legs, even holding myself when nobody was looking until i could go.

My boyfriend and I decided that the set holding time would be about 4:00 in the afternoon. I had mentioned earlier that I wanted to wet myself that day as that was something he wanted me to do for him. Around 2:45 he picked me up in his car. He had some things to attend to and told me to wait there and it wouldn't be much longer than an hour. In the car, I was finishing up my last bottle when the desperation hit me. I told myself I would wait and not go into the building we were parked at, in fear of having to go again very soon. I waited maybe half an hour before I felt like I was literally going to wet myself. Of course I couldn't there in the passenger seat of his car, so I went into the building. I wanted to run in so badly, but the shaking of my bladder made it sooooo much worse. As I walked in, I saw a friend sitting near the entrance.

The second I walked in she flagged me down and started a conversation. I didn't want to be rude so I stood and chatted for maybe thirty seconds before telling her in the most polite way I could that if I didn't leave right then I would pee all over myself. I knew where the nearest bathroom was, luckily it wasn't more than a couple yards away. I went to open the door and of course, it was locked. 

I knew the building very well, as I had been there many times and knew there was another bathroom semi-nearby up a flight of stairs. If I thought running in was bad, stairs were much worse. My boyfriend commonly liked to tease me with stairs in the past, taking me up or down them whenever he got the chance. But hell knows I was running up those stairs, leaking the whole way. The bathrooms I had ran to were luckily unlocked. I walked in pulled down and pants and let out the flood gates. Hell it felt nice. I returned back into his car and waited for about five or so minutes until he walked out. This is where the fun begins.

As he got in, he immediately asked me if I had gone recently. I told him I did and mentioned how my friend was inside when I did. He started the car and I guess he decide we were going to stay in the car the whole time. He drove to a secluded parking lot and parked the car, ordering me to drink another bottle on the way. This is good time to mention that I am a very submissive girl, which works because he's a very dominant guy. He controls me sexually for the most part. It's also important to mention that I like him to be rough with me, it is completely consensual. He knows my boundaries and he has never done anything to cross them. I trust him.

Of course, I did as I was told and drank. When we parked, we moved into the back seats (Real classy. I know. I know.). His hand immediately shot to my bladder. He was feeling around it, probably enjoying feeling me fill. He adjusted his pants which was the most obvious sign that he was turned on. By this point I had to go a decent amount. With him pressing, poking, and punching my bladder, it felt a lot worse. He just played with me until about ten minutes had passed, at this point he had me drink another 12 ounces. I did as I was told. And I had to go worse now.

Again, he enjoyed feeling up my bladder, fingering me, rubbing me, just playing with me in general. Of course I tried to do my part with a hand job. He didn't really let me get too far though. You'll see why a little later. By the time another ten or so minutes had passed I had to go pretty bad. But it wasn't the worse... yet. He had me drink another 12 ounces. and let me get back to getting him off. Making me stop periodically to have me sit on his lap to get a better angle to press at, or making me lay down flat while he pressed down on my bladder, with a hand in my pants to feel me leak.

It was at this point he said the words that were going to make the next hour or so soooo much more intense "Don't leak. You aren't aloud to." This wouldn't be so bad if he didn't love to tease me. But he does, so it was. With the most recent water running right through my kidneys, I felt like I was going to explode. Although I begged to leak a little bit, or get off from him teasing me, and rubbing me, and fingering me, he said I wasn't aloud to do either until I got him off. Usually it really doesn't take me long to orgasm. He could probably get me to orgasm in under forty five seconds if he really tried, and we're used to each other enough that he knows what I like. Him saying I wasn't aloud to orgasm or leak until I got him was really good motivation to give him a good hand job. But remember how I mentioned he was having me stop periodically? Well this was why. He wanted to prolong my suffering.

Around this time marked about the most desperate I've every been to orgasm, and to pee. He was rubbing me really fast, and really hard. I could hardly focus on getting him off because it was quite distracting having to hold all of it in. At that moment I literally felt my soul leave my body. Of course with his hand down there he could feel me leaking as this was happening. To counter this, and the irresistible urge to cum all over his fingers, I was trying to close my legs. Most times he likes them to be spread, because it makes it way harder to hold anything in.

I distinctly remember him saying into my ear in his seductive voice saying "If you leak one more time, or try to close your legs again, I'll press you from the inside.". While I throughly enjoy that, it would make it nearly impossible to hold anything. I was a moaning, shaking mess. And he kept making me stop giving him a hand job, which I knew was only prolonging how much I would be.

He would commonly make comments about how full I was, which only made it worse. At one point, after lots of begging, him being a somewhat soft-dom (except when he doesn't want to be) he allowed me to leak. He held his fingers over my urethra, which forbid anything from getting out. He would sometimes take his fingers off which would send a stream flowing out. He let me maybe three times before he told me to stop.

Now at this point I had to pee. Like really bad. Like I was going to explode right then and there. Like it took all my strength not to wet myself right there in the back seat of his car. I tried my hardest to keep my focus on getting him off, because the sooner I did the sooner I'd have relief. After a while of him letting me get him off uninterrupted (finally), I was able to get him off. At that point I didn't care too much about orgasming. I had to PEE. Like holding myself provided no relief for me, and I was leaking more and more by the second. I was able to step outside in time to wet myself. Thank goodness too. I think that was the most I've ever peed. Unfortunately for my boyfriend, my leggings caught most of it, so he wasn't able to see a lot of it.

I quickly changed into a fresh pair of clothes that I had brought for this occasion. And thank goodness I brought them too. Rapid desperation was something I quite enjoyed. It was nice not feeling heavy or weighed down throughout the day. It definitely something him and I will try again. Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed this story. Like I mentioned, I'm somewhat new to omorashi. However, I do have several other experiences that I would be willing to share to those who would want to hear about it!

*005*2019-03-14 14:40

Hello all! I'd like to take a second to say I'm glad this story is doing well! Thank to everyone who left kind comments!

