Best way to celebrate the start of your vacation

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-06-29 22:04

This experience is not very different from the first one i shared, but I decided to share anyway.

I already two weeks ago decided that when I got off my last night shift this weekend, with 4 weeks vacations ahead of me, I would full on wet my pants on the walk home at 4 AM.

Last few days had been very hot and I noticed that I sometimes didn´t pee that much because I forgot to stay well hydrated. So for not screwing my plans, I had in my mind to drink a lot of water all night. I had a break at midnight and went to the bathroom, then I had three more glasses of water, and me and my colleague went out for the last train-rides (I work as a train conductor). I pretty soon found out that my bladder was rapidly filling, and at 1.30 I already felt that I needed to go, and kind of started counting down the minutes (I´m usually not into long holdings). I think it made it worse that we didn´t have much to do. Not many passengers in the beginning and no new coming along the ride, so after checking the tickets we just sat there in the train killing time, talking and looking at our phones, and I had nothing to really distract me from my bladder issues.

Every minute felt like ages, and when there were still 2 hours left to go I wasn´t really sure I would make it or if I would give up and go to the bathroom. But I tried to just stay cool even if I had to move a little bit sometimes. At 3 o clock we had a 20 minute break, my colleague said she needed to pee and went to the bathrooms in the staff house. I pretended like I didn´t at all share that need, and said I´d just stay on the train. Point of no return… I went out on the platform for a while, and walking around a bit felt good. Train left, we took care of the passengers, and then sat down again.

This particular train passed by where I lived so I was allowed to get off there, now I was almost home. Me and my colleague looked at the sunrise and the misty lakes outside the windows. We had been talking about how much I love to go swimming, and now she laughed at me when I got very passionate about the surface of that lake and how it looked like made of glass. “what´s this thing with you and water” she smiled. I was now kind of relaxed in my urgent state because I knew it would soon be over, and i was also a bit excited.

I said goodbye to my colleague and as soon as I got off the train I had the “latch-key” feeling. I couldn´t let go instantly, because I wasn´t alone yet, one more passenger got off, a man about my age who I didn´t know. Easiest way to get rid of him would be to just slow down and let him go ahead. So I stopped on the platform, pretended to put something into my backpack, while a spurt came out in my underwear and immediately made it´s little way down my thie. I slowly walked after the man to the walking path, then stopped again waiting for him to walk almost out of my sight and I didn´t even have to try to relax until I had the pee flow down my legs.

Could really tell now that I had been holding, because it was a forceful stream already starting to drip into my shoes, I could even hear the hissing sound of it, and it made a new puddle next to the rain water one beside my feet. I never peed my shoes like that before, but I had chosen to wear my old worn out work shoes, and it was a nice feeling just letting go with no worries. I started walking, stopped to take some photos of the bright new morning sky and some flowers, while of course I wet myself again, heavy warm streams down my legs and another puddle. It felt so good, and I stopped a couple of more times when the wetness started to cool down, peed a lot into my pants and shoes, felt my socks now soaked all way through, and a splashy feeling in the shoes when I walked.

Last time in front of my house I put a little force to the stream until it suddenly stopped, and I realised I had fully emptied myself. It´s something I don´t think i´ve managed before in an outside wetting, it used to be still something left in the bladder that i´d empty in the bathroom. But the feeling of total relief and a calm and relaxed bladder was great when I walked through a water puddle to rinse the worst off my shoes before going inside.

