Wetting and Messing in Preschool

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-05-21 17:06

So this occurred, as the title suggests, during preschool. This was during my first month at the YMCA. During this specific incident, I had run out of diapers that day, and was still not TOO jazzed about using public bathrooms. I did use them, but that was on occasion, and really only if my mom was with me mainly.

So this was pretty early on the day, not long after my mom had dropped me off. After a brief stop at the YMCA's bathroom, which I didn't end up using as I, at the time, didn't have to go, As I was doing some arts and crafts, I felt a pressure in my bladder and bowels, as well as my guts gurgling. Not wanting to put off coloring, like most kids at that age, I decided to ignore my need to go.

Later on, how an hour or so later, during play time, was my ignoring the bathroom, not using it that morning when my mom brought me in, plus not using the bathroom when a class bathroom break, coming to bite me in the butt. By now I was pretty desperate, with a few drops leaking out into my sweatpants, Gauging the control I had, I made my way to the bathroom.

However, as I got near, I felt my control starting to slip, as the first bit of poop slowly started making my way out. Heading to a corner, making sure no one could see me, I began Blair Witching as I let go. A spurt started out, which soon turned into a torrent as my pee splashed into my sweatpants, and slid down my legs. Meanwhile, my bowels spilled out into the back of my pants, the seat of my pants filling up with fresh poop. Once I finished, I went slid my pants down, and dumped my poop out onto the floor. I then went into the bathroom, cleaned my butt, and went on my way.

*002*2018-05-21 20:57

{{8 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

What does that mean.

}}

Oh, in the Blair Witch, characters targeted by the end are stuck in a corner

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cmYsRcLMvO8?feature=oembed"

