Wet my pants while Uber driving!

Author: Jonnaywets

*000*2021-06-18 12:36

The other day was the most desperate I have ever been and probably the longest I have ever held while desperate so let’s get to it!

I sometimes Uber drive on the side for a little extra moola and now that the COVID restrictions are over I am letting people back in my car and operating as normal. I didn’t do this the whole pandemic I only delivered food with Uber which is usually small trips to the restaurant and to the customer’s home. Now that I am driving people they can basically go any distance. I learned this the hard way yesterday. I was driving along doing Uber picking people up and dropping them off as you do. I had a water bottle that I was working on and I started my day off with a coffee. I could feel the urge building but it wasn’t anything too crazy yet.

But each trip is about a half hour total from picking the person up and getting them to where they need to go. I am about half way through a trip and I really started to feel it. I am shifting back and forth in my seat trying to act natural because there is a person in my back seat!! I am about to drop them off and a I make the decision to find a bathroom or a gas station because I am starting to run out of gas too! Then a notification for a new ride pops up and it is too hard form me to resist and I think, how far could it be. So I except the ride and the passenger is about 15 minutes away. Not bad but I am really getting desperate and my car is really getting empty so I hope the trip isn’t too far. I pick up the person and boom! The TRIP IS 45 MINUTES AWAY. I had to remain calm but my bladder was screaming.

We set off and as I am driving I am fending off wave after wave of desperation with just my muscles because grabbing is not an option I can’t even shift that much!!!! I am at a 9 out of 10 and I keep looking down to check how far we are and this trip is just dragging on and on. I get to the town where the drop off is and I hit a traffic light and while I am waiting in this long line of cars I am sweating from all the clenching and holding. The light turns green for what seemed like 5 seconds and I don’t make it through the light, I am behind one car and I have to wait a full cycle of this light again but here’s we’re everything goes sideways. I have accepted that I am going to pee my pants. I cannot hold it anymore and while waiting at this light I let out a big involuntary spurt.

Thank god it didn’t make any noise but I didn’t dare look down. The light turns green and boom another spurt this time it is longer and I can feel the wetness start to spread down towards my butt. That second spurt really gave me some sweet relief. I now know that I can hold till the end. I drop of my passenger and I am like phew!!! That was rough only coming to the realization that my bladder is still mostly full, my pants are wet and my gas tank is empty. I find a gas station and hope to god that there is a bathroom and sure enough there is. I walk through this gas station in my wet pants (thankfully they were black chinos). I finally make it to a bathroom. But holy moly I can’t believe I partially peed my pants with a stranger in my car! So next time you take an Uber just think, your driver might be wetting his pants!

*009*2021-06-20 19:06

All the responses to this just make me wish that there was like an omorashi hand shake or saying that only omorashi people know to alert others that they are into omo stuff. Like you pretend you are on the phone and say something like “I love water falls” or something unrelated to omo. And then that alerts an omo person to say a response phrase and then boom! You have an omo friend

