When Drinking Leads to Wetting

Author: Icequeentrex

*000*2021-05-07 17:19

I'm sure we have all had moments of desperation during those times we had been drinking. I always find myself making frequent trips to the bathroom when I've got alcohol in my system and this had led to many close calls as well as a few accidents over the years.

This experience happened a few years ago when I was 19 and drinking was still a new thing for me. As a result, I was not yet used to having to hold my pee like I am now and I was totally caught off guard. Me and my friends were hanging out at our local beach where we had a fire and a few beers. It was still a bit cold in the evenings so I was wearing jeans and a t-shirt with a hoodie on top. Nothing fancy. Since we were outside in a pretty open area we had to walk back to the (very gross) out houses beside the parking lot anytime we needed to pee that night. While the walk only took a minute or two it was far enough out of the way that I did not want to go to the bathroom right away every time I felt the urge to pee, which was quite often as I got more drunk.

I was sort of a lightweight and still am now which, when combined with my inexperience with alcohol at the time, meant that I went from tipsy to officially drunk after only a few drinks. I made the mistake of "breaking the seal" as soon as I felt the urge to pee for the first time that night and that made me need to pee again pretty quickly. I don't remember exactly how long we were there but it felt like I had went to the bathroom at least 3 times in the last hour so the process of walking there and back was starting to get a little annoying. Also, as I mentioned earlier, the toilets were pretty disgusting as they were basically holes in the ground with seats over them. These things made me want to put off peeing again for as long as I could so that I could chill with my friends.

I started to squirm around a bit as my need to pee increased and because I was drunk I wasn't too worried about holding myself around other people. Alcohol always makes me feel pretty desperate to pee but because I'm not thinking totally straight I find it hard to judge how bad the urge really is. That night I definitely misjudged my ability to hold.

I knew I had to go to the bathroom soon but I started to lose control when one of my friends started doing her impression of our high school math teacher. It was so perfect that I could not stop laughing which took my attention away from my need to pee. A sudden spurt of warmth between my legs reminded me of my full bladder so I clamped my legs together in an effort to stop it. I succeeded and when I felt my crotch with my hand there was only the faintest feeling of dampness. However, my friend continued to mimic our old teacher and she did such a good job that even in my predicament I couldn't help laughing again. I felt another trickle of pee begin to leak out of me, forcing me to cross my legs and making me afraid to move because I might lose control completely.

Just when I thought I had everything under control another of my friends joined in with her take on our teacher which was somehow even more hilarious to me. At that point everyone was laughing hysterically and I'm sure we have all experienced a moment where other people laughing makes us laugh even harder. That was happening now and I just could not stop laughing anymore. I could feel my butt getting warmer with every exhalation and no amount of leg crossing and holding could stop it. The more I laughed the more I peed and the trickle from before turned into a full stream.

I quickly lost what little control I had over myself and I started making an audible hissing sound. My pee must have started dripping down from the foldable chair I was sitting on because someone shouted "Ice is peeing herself!" which drew a whole other round of laughter. I was drunk enough that I didn't feel too embarrassed by what was happening because I knew everyone there well enough to know they would not make fun of me (not in a mean way anyways). Everyone else's laughter kept me laughing as well despite the fact that I was having my first full on wetting since the sledding incident I posted about before.

I remember calming down as the last drops of pee left my bladder and just sitting there a moment catching my breath. I stood up to check the damage to the chair, the seat of which was completely darkened, and a fresh wave of giggles erupted from my friends as they got a look at my soaked pants in the fire light. Even though they were laughing they were very sympathetic and offered to give me a ride home right away but I told them I was okay for the time being. The beers made me pretty care free about sitting around in wet clothes, but I also felt myself getting incredibly turned on as my legs cooled down and I became acutely aware of how wet I had gotten myself. I remember having to resist the urge to start touching myself while we sat around the fire.

I sat on one of the beach towels we had brought with us on the ride home. One of our group was not drinking that night so I luckily did not have to explain to anyone else why I was soaking wet. My parents also happened to be staying at a relative's place that night which gave me a great idea when I was dropped off at home.

I needed to pee pretty bad again at that time, but since nobody else was home I decided I would relieve myself somewhere besides the bathroom. I walked out to our backyard where I took off my shoes and put them beside the door. I then went and stood in the grass and did my best to relax myself. Even though I felt like I had to pee it wasn't as easy to do on command as I expected. I tried sitting down in the grass and after a few moments I felt that familiar warmth between my legs. It was not the first time I had deliberately wet myself but the combination of alcohol and the knowledge that nobody else was around let me relax completely. 

I closed my eyes in total bliss and let myself lie down in the grass while I peed. I remember I got some chips from inside and ate them in my back yard while wearing my wet clothes. I hung out outside for a while watching random youtube videos and enjoying the feeling of my soaked pants clinging to my thighs and butt. Eventually I decided I would head inside and enjoy a late night bath before bed. When I looked at myself in the mirror I would the wetness halfway down my legs on the front of pants, and the more recent dark spot on my butt and between my legs. As amazing as my drunk bath felt (seriously, if you haven't done it before you're missing out) I was a little sad to take off my wet clothes.

I will try to update you guys with stories of more drunk wettings in the near future! In the mean time I hope everyone enjoys my story and I would love to hear about similar experiences you have had!

