Desperate trainee teacher

Author: buddy

*000*2018-08-25 08:09

When I was in 8th grad, we had a really nice trainee teacher in history class. She was in her early twenties, quiet thin with short, dark hair in pageboy style. I know most of us pubescend boy loved her, even though nobody admitted it. Me too. The best part is, that she sometimes became desperate during our classes. I assume she had a weak bladder, was nervous, forgot to go or was too shy to go in front of us or the senior teachers.

Anyway two incidents were outstanding, because she obviously was at her limit. The first time was our second lesson and there was still an expirienced teacher observing her in the back of the classroom. I sat at my desk in second row admiring her. She wore a short red skirt with a thin blue pantyhose and a tight tank top without a bra showing her small breasts. After 1 hour into class I saw that she became a bit restless. While in the beginning I caught a few glimps under her skirt, when she opened her knees slightly, she started to cross her legs this way and the other or teeter them. Also when she stood she didn´t stand still. 

She marched from one side to the other. If she had to write on the board she stepped from one foot to the other. Besides she was more and more destracted. This made the supervisor ask her, if anything is amiss. Which she denied. but she got even more agitated and really squirmed a lot. I could see that she tried to compose herself and not to fidget too obvious, but everybody must have recognized that this girl was in disstress. I was really aroused by her predicament, but I am not sure, if everybody knew the reason for her behaviour.

At one point the senior observer even asked her, if she wants to make a little break. When she said "No, why?" he directly said: "Maybe you want to go to the bathroom." She blushed but said: "No thank you, why should I?" To which he anwsered: "Because it looks like you have to go." But again she vehemtly gainsayed it. Oh, how I enjoyed this show. When class was over, he approached her and started a discussion that she may not torture herself and should use the loo before classes or if it was an emergency ask for a shortterm substitution. But still she denied her need flatly to which the supervisor shook his head and left. As soon as he was gone she dashed out of the room.

*001*2018-08-25 08:36

The second time I saw this cute teacher really bursting was at the end of the school year. This time she wore a blue skirt with a nude silk pantyhose and the same thin tank-top. There was no supervisor in the room anymore, so she was alone with us. I already saw her in slight desperation at the end of class a couple of times, but not as bad as in the second lesson. This day she became a bit twitchy only after half an hour with 1 hour still to go. I immedeatly got excited because it was clear that this time it would be really close and I was wondering, if she would make it until the end of class and how she would acquit herself.

For the next 30 minutes she became more and more restless. Either she walked through the room or pranced on the spot. She squirmed with her hip pushing her pelvis backwards. I could even hear her breathing heavily, moaning from time to time. Even though it looked like she tried to brace herself her flurry grew further. Sometimes she shivered and was shaken by a real chill.

With 15 minutes remaining she looked so frantic and anxious. Then she moved to her waisthigh desk, leaned on it and pushed the corner into her lap. She had to tiptoe and really wriggeled with her groin. Close to the end she made us write something and walked to the back of the class room pretending to observe us. But from the corner of my eye I could see that she use this to grab herself tighly a couple of times. When she came back to the front she had a white spot in her crotch from the chalk on her finger. Just before class was to end she shivered heavily and quickly hobbled to the back. This time she even lifted her tight skirt an pushed both hands under it into her crotch. Unfortunately she made it.

