Putting my hubby to bed ;)

Author: Jaylah

*000*2017-03-12 04:41

March 11th, 2017

My hubby recently got a new job and has been working very very hard, and on top of that he's been so supportive to his family besides me, and our friends, I figured he should have a chance to unwind, get some well need rest, and a good time ^^'

The house was empty, it was nice for a change, we usually had someone around at all times, so I did my cleaning, did some baking, drank a ton of water and tea. Gotta keep hydrated, but no one told me I should use the bathroom when my bladder is full, I was a busy busy girl. My hubby texted me letting me know he was on his way, and if I wanted anything from Tim Hortons, hmm lol, yep, Steep Tea. I had to pee, but I could hold off. I ran upstairs and got out of my clothes, and found a purple and black baby doll (Lingerie) that I owned, with a g-string to match, very sexy, and black thigh highs. I re-did my hair to let more of it down and had dinner ready. 

He came home, and I threw myself in his arms, he didn't even make it in the door and I was showing him my appriciation for all that he has done and the many sacrafices he had made. He gave me quite the mouthful ^^. After he took pleasure in my mouth, I got up, and took him the table where I had him some dinner ready. I don't think he was interested in dinner, but I told him he needed to eat, and i'll go draw him a bath. I went upstairs slowly, I could feel his eyes following me, and looking at my butt lol, i was getting very excited,

I turned on the spout and the water came rushing into the tub, oh great lol, that and sipping on my tea only made the urge to pee increase, so much I peed a tiny bit, and a small wetspot formed. Uh oh lol.

I heard him litterally RUN up the stairs, it was very evident he was coming this way, so I quickly put some bubbles in for him, and swished around the water, bending over slightly for him to see when he came in. I slowly walked over to him and kissed him. I un did his shirt, and got him undressed then I kissed him and worked my way down until I was at eye level with his manhood, teasing him this time. He was getting really excited, I looked up and stopped and told him he should have a nice relaxing bath. I was biting my lip at this point, I really had to pee, my nipples were really hard, it was hurting.

I went over to the counter to fix my hair, then I felt his hands on my waist from behind, kissing me, and bending me over abit, fondling me. I began to pee, only to find him rubbing me with good pleasure. I exploded pee all over his hand, as he made me climax, I didn't give a damn about the floor or the mats, I was very aroused still, and very much turned on, I needed more, I was very needy. He pulled me into the tub with him, he didn't even give me a chance to get out of my lingerie set, and we made very sweet love in the tub, it felt amazing, it took him a few minutes more to climax but it was so very worth it. He gave me good reason to bath with him ^^

We laid there for half an hour, I could feel him in me, mostly still, I really enjoyed feeling his heart beat as my head was against his chest, and his hand was on my head, petting my hair gently. I felt very close to him, very happy, very safe ^^

Now for dessert ;)

*003*2017-03-12 08:25

Who? Me or ivy?

*005*2017-03-12 14:57

Hubby works hard, gotta treat him right ^^

