My friend from a few years back

Author: Markthekingof2

*000*2020-10-27 16:02

So I had this friend awhile back who I could say was the closest friend I ever had, but I eventually fell in love with her and we parted ways because she didn't feel the same. I lived with her for awhile, and during this time I starting wetting the bed due to a medication, and starting having pretty frequent accidents during the day. Probably like five or six times a week, which then progressed to like three to four a day. It was pretty distressing because it happened in public a few times, at work several times, and I had to constantly wash clothes, bedding, my car seat and, more than a few times, hers as well. I think to cope, I developed a really elaborate fantasy (see my "'decline into incontinence' fantasy" post) that made it so I could look back on it and focus more on the desirable fantasy than the strain it put on my social, occupational, and family life. 

Currently, I only wet the bed maybe once or twice a month, and only have one or two genuine day accidents like every couple months. I have a ton of stories about myself, and a few about others. But, I digress. So here's a story about my friend Kelsey who admitted she had bladder problems in order to make me feel better about mine. She was really great about my issues, and I miss our friendship deeply.

So, she told me about a couple incidents, but I only witnessed two. I'll start with those.

So, we played music together in a band, and she was the drummer. Now, after I started having problems, she told me that she sometimes wet herself a bit during physical exertion, such as drumming or lifting heavy objects. One fairly warm day, we were playing music out in or guitarist's shed and suddenly she got up laughing a little and said "I have...uhh...really bad swamp ass. I need to go change." I checked her out as she left (she was very attractive, but usually only wore dark loose fitting clothes, probably because of her issues. but today she had on cammo jeans), and she looked pretty wet on her bottom. She dashed into the house laughing as me and my guitarist laughed with her. 

Then, my guitarist looked at her drum throne (the seat) and he said, "Jesus she really did have bad swamp ass." I looked at the throne, and low and behold, it was visibly wet. This was a couple years before my problems, so I didn't know until then that she used "swamp ass" as a discreet euphemism for "I wet myself." That was our code at future shows. She would ask me how I'm doing, an if I was wet, I'd say "got a little swamp ass" (yes I was in diapers at this time) On time she looked me with wide eyes after a particularly intense song, and I asked her "swamp ass?" She slowly nodded and said "Bad, too." Luckily we still had an our left in our set, and she was wearing dark pants. The only noticeable thing was the distinct urine smell on the way home. Apparently she had full on wet herself, but she would never admit it. She refused to call herself incontinent.

She also told me that one time, while she was working for a weapons manufacturer, she accidentally got the bad end of a taser while she was working with it, and completely peed all over herself in front of her cowokers. When she stopped twitching, she told me she said, "I'm wet..." and then someone said "yeah that happens." Her boss took her into his office to interview her for the incident report. After like fifteen minutes sitting in wet pants she said, "Umm...I peed in my pants. Can I go home now?" Apparently her boss laughed a little and said "Yeah you can go. See you tomorrow."

I have a couple other stories, one involving a period of time where she suffered a spinal injury at one of her jobs, and was incontinent for an extended period of time. I didn't know her during this time, so it's all second hand information. Pretty sure she had to wear diapers from what it sounded like, and was still in them when I first met her. That's not confirmed because she would never admit that, but I remember one time, she bent down and I could have sworn she was wearing one of those tan depends pullups you sometimes see on TV. Anyway, that story later to come. As well as some pretty great desperation stories involving her and another friend. Thanks for reading!

*002*2021-01-12 16:50

{{On 11/12/2020 at 5:44 AM, Theonlysaneperson said:

This is sad. How long ago did you part ways? Is it too late now? No chance at second chances?

}}

I never saw this. Sorry about that. It will be five years come June. Doubt there's any second chances. It was not an amicable estrangement. We're on speaking terms finally, but I doubt we'll ever be as close as we were.

*004*2021-02-10 15:13

{{6 hours ago, Theonlysaneperson said:

Ugh. Heartbreaking. I really wish you the best, brother.

}}

Thank you! Yeah it was really hard but hey, I have the memories right?

