The Glass More Than Half Full

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2019-01-31 18:26

Another incident with my girlfriend, She has gotten used to the antics I put her in and now she chooses to torture herself for my pleasure. Recently, we went out to watch Glass which I recommend for many to watch but this time I watched more than just a movie.

~10:30

I arrived at her campus on a terrible Monday morning, worse than usual by the dreadful chilly weather. 10 degrees Fahrenheit. My friend generally loves the cold and so do I for my own perverted reasons, but at this freezing case, we wished it was warmer. We stayed frosty in Shauna's car before we left, watching a let's play of Danganronpa and drinking water, waiting for noon for the movie to start and drive to the theater.

~11:50

We headed for a quick drive to our destination. With tickets purchased, we walk in and buy some popcorn and more water for both of us. When we situated ourselves into our seats, Shauna remained cozy by laying down on the recliner chair towards my side, head resting on my shoulder with snacks and beverage nearby. When the movie started, I noticed two things, a gleeful smile from Shauna and her leg being fidgety. With a lewd thought of what entailed, I gave her a kiss on the forehead. The cold air and water seemed to make fast work of her, the desperation already being apparent so soon. Perhaps this was a tease? She often fidgets, but the only way to find out was to watch. She knew the movie was 2 and a half hours, a bold move considering from prior experiences, she waits out the entire movie, then goes to the bathroom. Throughout the film, we glanced at her watch to check the time.

~1:00

It's typical for her to bob her leg often, but this frequency was fast, jiggling and sometimes froze and occasionally she went for a kick of sorts, extending her leg out. I whispered if she was fine, she nodded in agreement. We continued to watch the tale of the superheroes.

~2:00

Near it's end, she clutched her khaki clad crotch to contain herself. At this point, I wondered if she was going to wet herself, she was always determined with anything she put her mind into. But even then, she has her limits and was no stranger to wetting herself, so anything could happen here. A few minutes later, I took a glance at Shauna's face. Pained, in distress she was, A wave of desperation must of passed as she couldn't focus on the movie but her watch.

~2:20

I was unsure where to fall my attention to, the captivating action scene or the desperation scene next to me. Wavering my eyes back and forth, a punch to a squirm, a drowning person in water to a drowning person in pee, this was lovely. Her legs clamped together with her hands, now static in that position as I decide to give her a kiss of comfort.

~2:30

Time over, but the fight continues into overtime as my tortured girlfriend still needs to head to the toilet. Usually, we watch the credits of the movie, awaiting for a ending scene afterwards, but patience be damned as she fixed her chair and leaned forward slowly, starting to rise. As though the warm lights have returned, another gushing blow to her occurred, nearly doubling over, a ballet like curtsy with hands to her groin. With a stiff posture, she still managed to speed out of the room, bailing from me, grabbing her forgotten purse and trash. I hurried over to her before she reached to her needed destination and whispered a soft thank you as she left me behind to the girls bathroom.

I could only wait nearby and wait for her to return. Doing so, I imagined how the process went. She was one of the first ones there and there were a plethora of toilets so a line was never going to happen. I'm sure she would rush over to the nearest stall and lock it with one hand with the other unzipping her pants. Then she unbutton and free herself from anything restricting her path to relief as she sits on her throne. PSSSHHHHH! With less of a second's notice Shauna started gushing all of her pee out of her bladder and into the water, giving it a pale yellow tint. An exhale released from her, her tired body could hold it any longer. It was a shame I couldn't hear the blessed sounds, but she put on a good show still. But soon I heard a flushing sound and shortly after found her again, looking more refreshed.

