Driving in wet conditions

Author: Sheepish

*000*2015-07-28 00:46

Hey,

Greetings from a long term lurker. 2 weeks ago I finally decided to make an account and share some of my own stuff. As luck (or not!) would have it, I ended up having a genuine desperation experience while driving home from a camping trip last Friday... so here goes.

If people like this, I might post some other (embellished) bits from the camping trip itself.

We'd finished a 5-day hike around the moors and I was driving home - supposedly about a 5 hour trip. I'd slept on a friend's floor the previous night but not gotten much sleep as the sound of heavy rain had kept me up; I was also starting to get a cold - not in the best shape for a long drive. When I got out of bed around 10:30 I felt really groggy and dehydrated, so I downed my 500ml water bottle as I often do first thing in the morning. I hung around with my friend until about midday; he made brunch and I drank 2 cups of coffee and a glass of coke. Finally feeling suitably awake, I decided to hit the road. 

My stomach had been acting up a bit so I'd been in and out of the loo all morning, but things seemed to have calmed down after some food. [This isn't a messing story; I'm 100% not into that I'm afraid!]. Still, I was a bit embarrassed about how often I'd been in there, so decided to forego a last pee even though I could feel a vague need from all that coffee. I knew it would be sensible to take plenty of breaks on the journey and figured my bladder would enforce at least my first. Saying goodbye, I loaded my bags into the car and put a 500ml can of energy drink next to the drivers seat in case I started to feel tired.

Setting off, I followed my satnav around the backstreets of the city until I got onto the motorway. There was quite a bit of traffic as it was the first day of the school holidays and everyone was on the move. The weather was still awful and I was driving through spray with my headlights on despite it being the middle of the day. As I approached the first exit, the traffic slowed and we crawled past at a snail's pace while cars left and joined and merged and sorted themselves out. I sighed and took advantage of the slow pace to snap open my can of Monster. The gently increasing pressure in my bladder and the number of miles ahead of me made me hope not every exit would take so long.

But they did. The first service stop was only 30 miles into my journey, but at least an hour had passed by the time I approached the exit. I was about 2/3 of the way through my can by this point and could feel the dull fullness in my abdomen that meant I really needed to go. I wasn't quite bursting yet though, and looking at the queue up the exit I knew I'd lose a lot of time if I stopped. The traffic looked as though it was starting to ease up and I didn't want to get stuck again - so, I decided to challenge myself and hold it until the next stop 15 miles down the road. Surely, I thought, it couldn't take more than half an hour, and the worst case scenario would be a mildly embarrassing dash to the toilets once I'd stopped. As I passed the turn-off, I was already thinking about the fantastic relief that awaited, finally releasing my full bladder at the next stop.

Then, the traffic ground to a standstill. 10, 15, 20 minutes passed as we stopped and started and gradually crept past the motorway exit for those same services that I'd so unwisely declined. Still feeling tired, I'd been frequently taking gulps of Monster to try and get some caffeine on board and it was all going straight to my bladder. I felt the first of many waves of desperation and began to panic a little - this was so silly, why hadn't I stopped for relief when I had the chance?! Luckily I drive an automatic, so was able to shake my left leg until the wave subsided. But another was close behind. 

My abdomen felt stretched beyond capacity, a great balloon of liquid straining against my tight abs. Shifting in my seat, I managed to let out a couple of farts and relieve some pressure, but I knew that wasn't going to be enough. I breathed deeply and thought hard. I had a penknife in my pocket and considered cutting off the top of the can and fashioning a urinal from it. I'd have to empty it first though, and the edges would be sharp... Just the idea of emptying that yellow liquid out of the can made me think how badly I needed to empty another yellow liquid out of another hole... No, I couldn't face it.

The traffic was moving a little more now and I only had 5 more miles to go to the next stop, but I really wasn't sure I could make it. The pressure was back up and the desperation was constant now; shaking my leg made it bearable but only just. I really didn't want to make a mess of the upholstery as I was supposed to be picking someone up on the way home. I spotted an old newspaper on the back seat and during a slow moment, turned and grabbed it and shoved it between my legs.

As we stopped and started I gradually managed to open the fly of my board shorts, exposing the crotch of my purple cotton boxers, and tried to slide the folded newspaper under my butt inside my shorts. Now at least the seat had some protection. Opening my fly had relieved quite a bit of pressure and if I pushed on the newspaper in the right way, it pressed on my pee hole, allowing me to hold myself while driving. This helped and despite my pee hole spasming with the effort, I stayed dry right until the exit for the services.

But as we approached the roundabout at the top of the slip road, driving required both hands and all of my tired concentration. I'd already come close to the car in front while bouncing my legs to keep control, and knew I needed to be really careful. As soon as I released the newspaper the desperation became unbearable; it was as though a great wave of pee sloshed against my pee hole just as I needed to lift my foot off the brake...A jet of pee erupted into my pants. I couldn't attend to it though; my focus was on the road although I could feel my shorts growing damp.

After about 3 seconds I managed to stop the flow briefly, jamming the paper back into my crotch, but as soon as I returned my hand to the wheel another spurt gushed out. I'd given up by now, and was just glad to feel the pressure relieved. If I needed to sacrifice my dignity to drive safely, then so be it. I frantically looked for places to pull over but they were all taken; drivers sheepishly emerging from the bushes surrounding the entrance to the service station.

I spurted once more as I entered the car park, parked up as quickly as I could, barely fastened my shorts and leapt out of the car, pulling my t-shirt as low as possible to hide the wet patch and pee-dancing like mad as I grabbed my phone and locked the car. The newspaper was soaked and the drivers' seat damp. I ran through the car park to the entrance, dodging families and children as I navigated the concourse to the Gents, eternally glad that there'd be less of queue than in the Ladies. There was still a queue, though, and I did my best to look calm and resist the urge to grab myself as I shifted from foot to foot, waiting for a cubicle. I started leaking, trying to look nonchalant as I doubled over and wiped the stream from my leg before it made a puddle.

Once inside, I yanked down my wet pants, abs and thighs shaking from the effort of holding, and finally, finally dropped onto the toilet to pee a torrent for well over a minute. My boxers were soaked and so was the crotch and back of my shorts, but it didn't seem too visible from the outside. I bought a 2-litre bottle of water to rinse down the driving seat, and made sure not to drink it too fast as I drove on, being sure to stop at the first sign of needing a pee for the rest of the journey.

