Peeing My Panties on the Back Steps... again

Author: Averylynn

*000*2020-08-19 02:22

I cant believe how much I've been writing on here lately, but it sounds like you guys are enjoying it at least ^.^

Little bit of details, currently we have a friend staying with us which has made my super tiny bladder a bit more of a problem than usual. I mean, when its just you and your bf no one cares if you leak in your shorts a bit while cooking dinner, or if youre running to the bathroom the house naked while piss dribbles down your leg. If my bf's in the shower I can jam a towl between my legs and slowly pee through my panties on the couch until he gets out.

When you have a friend staying with you, you cant. I have a habbit of waiting till the last minute, and my boyfriend has a habbit of getting in the shower without saying anything first. And now with our toommate, we've taken up the habbit of locking the bathroom door.

Today I was wearing a black, rose covered dress. Its one of my favourite summer dresses. Its sleeveless, barely comes down to my mid thighs, and has that kinda "poofy" look that makes it fun to spin around in. My, recently redyed, vibrant red hair was pulled into a side ponytail, and my pink and purple gradianted bra was slightly poking out from the top of my dress. I was wearing a bright pink thing, which tbh even before my boyfriend got in the shower, was already at the max for amount of leaks it could contain.

Uh im bad at this part so it'll be written awkwardly, but if you havent read my other posts, I'm 23, 5'3, and weigh about 115 pounds. Bra size is 36 D and idk my hip or waist size but I'm size 3ish and have a kinda an hourglass figure.

ANYWAYS

So bf was in the shower, roommate was in her room on a conference call, and I was sitting on the couch in basically fabric scarps about to piss myself. I wouldnt be able to get away with even pissing myself in my room and I knew that. Unfourtunately the kitchen sink or washing machine were too near my roommate to get away with that.

I knew I probably had about a minute and i didnt want to have to explained to stained couch so I got up. My bf had been in the shower maybe 5 mins at this point, I hoped if I stood in the doorway taking (legal) tokes I'd be able to distract myself until he got out. But, of course, after one bong hit I started coughing and let go of my hold on my bladder.

Maybe if I had been wearing more than I was, it wouldnt have been a "large" leak, but even with shoving my hands between my legs, it took about 3 seconds to stop it with a lot of difficulty.

I had the immediate thought of "I'm just going to piss myself on the back stairs. Grabbed my bong, and headed out the door in an instant. It was maybe 5:00?? Very sunny, and like I explained in my last post, very public. The parking lot in facing our yard was full, and the car wash next door has a line up of multiple cars.

"Its okay" I thought to myself "it's so busy no one will actually hear it." I sat down on the side of the platform, making sure to actually position myself over the side of the stairs this time. My landlords had left the yard waste bin against the restraining wall, and I breifly thought about opening it up and peeing on the yard waste, but I didnt want to risk being more noticeable. Instead I just left it closed and rested my feet on it with my legs closed tight enough no one in the parking lot could see what I was doing.

This time, I made sure my skirt was out from under me, kinda using it to obstruct the view of the people at the car wash, although I left my thong on since it was already as wet as it was going to be anyways.

Then sorta like some sort of latch key scenario, I immediately started leaking again. I tried to cut it off a bit, I was worried I wasnt looking "casual" enough. I didnt really succeed in cutting it off? Instead I was just kinda spurting while I loaded up my bong and took another hit. As I sucked in, I tried to push out more pee, thinking that my bong would be loud enough it wasnt as noticeable.

I dont know if it helped tho ahaha. It felt like I was peeing for 45 seconds straight, I did better at getting it mostly down the concrete restraining wall so it wasnt as loud as I thought it would be. When pushing it out I got quite a bit on the yard waste lid (and all down the back of the bin, oops) but it was nothing really noticeable. I took a couple more tokes, my thong dried mostly in about 10 minutes. I grabbed the hose to wash off the bin, and watered the garden.

When I got inside my boyfriend asked why I was watering the garden so early. I told him what had happened and he responded with "Its too bad we're not alone, I would have made you piss on the floor instead"

