Just When I Thought I Was Done

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-07-24 16:36

It had been at least a week since Id last wet myself, and I was feeling so happy about it.

About a couple of nights ago, I was watching clips of my favorite improve show, who's line is it anyways, And I noticed rain had started to fall. It was nice, the sound was relaxing... but then a flash of light was seen outside. At first, it was just a really low rumble; however, that indicated a thunder storm was underway, and I'm horribly terrified of thunder storms. In turn, this basically petrified me on spot. Another Flash of lightning made me jump and a sudden urge it me. This was bad, because I knew that when I'm nervous or scared, I have a hard time holding my urine. I had a really hard time moving as it was so there was no way of me knowing what to do.

I tried so hard to sit up off of my bed, only managing to squirm onto the floor.I tried so hard to crawl to the door. but it was hard with one hand between my legs, and the other reaching out to the door knob leading to the hallway. Just as I reached my door, a very bright flash lit my room and a spurt started to wet my pajama pants. That's when an incredible booming thunder roared. Both of my hands shot to my ears, and I crumbled onto the floor. I was so scared I didn't even notice the pee running between my legs, and onto the floor. I cried there for at least an hour before the storm stopped. The puddle was cold by then, and it was that coldness that made me realize what I had done. *sighs* I was so scared, I couldn't even appreciate the pleasure of wetting myself.

*002*2010-07-25 22:07

I just wish I wasn't so easily scared by things...

*005*2010-07-27 03:05

I still wish I knew what could have cause my fear of thunder, since I used to love it. I get the same way around fierworks. But with fireworks, it's not that I feel the little balls of light will fall on me, it's the boom. Dark, thunder, fireworks, balloons, and large crowds all affect me in the same way.

