Tonight will be wet, I bet

Author: Absorb

*000*2020-09-04 15:57

I haven't been into this much lately, but i decided it's about time. As much as i like impulsive, spontanious wettings to happen, there's something special about knowing beforehand that a certain week will end in a very, very wet way.

I have planned this for the last week or so. Not in any detail at all, but i have promised myself at least one big full bladder wetting later on this evening. Expecting more.

I've already started preparing and just the thought of what's ahead of me is a very relaxing feeling.

Updates will follow but in the meantime i wonder if anyone else does pre-planned wetting evenings like this?

*001*2020-09-04 17:59

Starting to leak...

$$

*002*2020-09-04 18:45

The previous pic is from getting ready, the first trickles. I have just taken my first jeans leak outside now. A pair of neighbours just passed by as i stood there with a damp patch on my pants so i just kept on walking across the lawn aas if i was on my way over there.

On my way back in i started to feel some pressure though. I did let some of it out just to save the master wetting until later. This is nice.

*003*2020-09-04 19:06

Second wetting outside.

Now i am wet.

Still i havent "let it all out". A bit early for that i think. Still a fair amount of activity in the neighbourhood. Might have stay inside for the rest of the evening.

I promise photo evidence to those who follow this.

And back to the original question. Do you folks have evenings like tis planned or is it more of an impulse thing?

*004*2020-09-04 20:30

Getting warm...

$$

$$

*005*2020-09-04 21:17

I just can't hold it anymore.

Figured i would type myself out of this and it's actually flowing as i'm typing... Have a nice day yalll...

I'll still be wet and wetter.....

*007*2020-09-10 19:32

Honestly, building up expactations can be sort of anti climax. I had a good and warm time. But since i knew it was coming, and had been looking forward to it, it came out as "just another wetting". (Wettings, actually)

Hoping the next time will be super spontanious and truly amazing.

