Spotted on a wet hike! (pic & vid)

Author: themerger

*000*2021-01-11 22:14

Hey Omo Org!

I took a masked, wet hike a few weeks ago and caught the wetting on camera. There isn't a dramatic spread but I soaked myself all the way to my shoes, and my coat is cut just above my knees.

This is the first time I have come face-to-face with so many people in wet pants- I was honestly a little panicked! After wetting I got back on an empty trail and was convinced that I could go back to my car without incident. BUT as soon as I came out of the woods to the footbridge that would take me back across the river (to where my car was parked), I came across a group of SIX people standing in front of the bridge about 20 meters away. A few looked my way, and must've seen my two wet legs. MAYBE they thought I stomped around the river banks and got wet legs, but the uniform wetness of pissed pants seemed pretty apparent.

So I walked across the road towards the bathrooms which had apparently been shutdown for the season. I even pulled out my cell phone to pretend I was making a call. I walked down past the bathrooms to another trail, hoping that by the time I would double-back to the bridge they would be gone. Sure enough as I rounded back to the bridge, the group had left. But my embarrassment didn't end there. A couple was taking pictures on the other side of the bridge with their dog. After crossing the bridge I passed them and in a quiet, friendly tone said, "Hello". They warmly greeted me back but I could see in my periphery that the male counterpart dipped his head down so that my legs were right in his sight. I'm not sure what they thought but fortunately I made it to my car with no further interactions.

I thought I was in the clear, given how few people were around when I filmed. I was nonetheless humbled by the (hopefully sympathetic or unaware) glances cast my way.

Happee New Year!

Wet Hike Vid.mp4

*004*2021-01-14 23:57

{{On 1/11/2021 at 5:45 PM, TheHamp said:

Very daring! I definitely want to try this myself. I love the idea of using a long coat to provide a little bit of concealment. And the risk of running into people on a nature trail feels like just the right amount of risk to makes it very exciting. Is there anything you would do differently if you did it again?

}}

I'll definitely be taking a wet hike again! Maybe I'll travel a little further from home. I had a moment where I considered the embarrassment of being seen by someone I know (this trail was not in a remote area at all). Otherwise- this felt like just another wet day outside. I don't ever go out with any kind of hope I'll be seen, but I seem to like the challenge of escaping without being seen.

{{On 1/11/2021 at 6:08 PM, rachelkirwan said:

Thanks for sharing, I love the description and video!

}}

Thanks! I'm sure I'll post another before long. I didn't have a tripod so I just stuck my phone in a small tree. If you saw my head, you would see how much I was scanning for anyone who might have been around!

{{On 1/13/2021 at 2:17 PM, Barefoot247 said:

Your experience reminds me of a day when I was walking during the summer and was wearing shorts. There is a spot along the way where I was planning on letting go but a bunch of teenagers with skate boards were there. They didn't appear to be leaving soon, so I continued on to my next favorite wetting spot. However, I couldn't make it and my bladder was taking over which means I had no control over what was about to happen. I was walking down the street when my pee decided to exit. I could hear someone walking behind me and I knew that they could see the pee running down my legs and on to my bare feet, as well as the pee dripping off my shorts. The wet shorts themselves were not that visible as they are a dark black. The guy walking behind me caught up and passed me. I thought he was going to say something but he didn't and kept walking. That was a flow of pee I wasn't able to enjoy but I was able to wet myself later on my walk, as I drink water continually as I move along.

}}

Wow! I'm not sure how I would react if someone were to bear witness to a full wetting. It sounds like that was very stressful, genuine accident. I'm glad you got to indulge in a more positive wetting later!

