New Job New Opportunities 2nd week of omorashi

Author: scinosensation

*000*2020-11-29 14:04

I had moved to a new job in New York City. I had sworn I would stop omorashi and omutsu activities. However the universe seemed to have temptations lined up for me. I had seen my new boss wet her pants and brag about it, I met a young woman with whom I had sex with none of the usual anxieties that previously plagued me, and had a very close call I was certain was an attempt to find out what I would think of her if she wet her pants but she chickened out. I set out to test her acceptance of my omorashi. The week before I had driven her to meet some of her friends and on the way back set myself for testing her attitude towards my omorashi prediliction.

This weekend there was a party in our apartment building we went to. I drank about 5 beers, my stomach’s usual limit, in addition to several soft drinks. I was not at all thirsty when we left. I did not use the bathroom in that apartment because it seemed always in use, or so I would say after we left. My bladder was full and sending pressure waves. My girlfriend was having a good time so we stayed until the party broke up. We left the apartment and went to the elevator. There were other people with us who my girlfriend knew. 

We got off at our floor and went to our apartment. As I fumbled with the key I felt an orgasmic release and warmth at my crotch that’s quickly grew to a spreading wet area around my crotch to my butt and down my legs. I got the apartment door open. I said that felt so good. I told her I was drunk and didn’t really know I had to go until I went in my pants. I told her I liked the feeling of waiting too long and wetting my pants. She seemed not to hearI me. I cleaned up and put on dry undies. We went to bed. We had sex in spite of my being drunk.

Like the week before I woke up with a full bladder and waited in bed until I felt the orgasmic release and the warmth spreading to my butt. I woke her up and told her I needed help getting to the bathroom. She said what? I told her I woke up and I wet my pants in bed and had to go badly. She saw my undies were wet all around the crotch area, between my legs ad as soon as I was up, my soaking wet butt. She helped me get up and I made a trail on the way to the bathroom. I sat on the toilet still wearing my wet undies and she changed the bed sheets.

When my bladder was empty I took off my undies and rinsed them. She had put a towel or 2 under my part of the bed. Finally we went back to bed and slept through the night. In the morning she woke up first (or so she thought). My bladder was full and I felt pressure waves. When she got out of bed I waited until she started the shower. I got out of bed and went to the kitchen and drank several glasses of water because I was very thirsty. I went to the bathroom door, sat down and waited. I quickly felt a strong pressure wave followed by an orgasmic release and warmth at my crotch spreading to my butt and I just emptied my bladder on the floor. She finally came out and saw me.

I told her I was so embarrassed but I couldn’t wait. I cleaned up the puddle, showered and got dressed fo the the day. We made breakfast including orange juice. Then she wanted to go grocery shopping. She insisted I go to the bathroom first. In the bathroom I filled a glass with water and poured it into the toilet and flushed. We went to the grocery store about 4 blocks away. We were shopping for about half an hour and finally checked out. I carried two bags and she had one. We walked home. I said nothing about my very full bladder. 

We were a block from our apartment building when I felt a very strong pressure wave in my bladder. I didn’t say anything. The pressure did not relax. As we waited to cross the street I felt an orgasmic release and quickly warmth spreading at my crotch to my butt and down my legs. I didn’t say anything and she seemed to not notice. We got to our apartment building and as we stopped to open the doors I felt another pressure wave and orgasmic released as more warmth spread around my crotch, butt, and down my legs.

She seemed to not notice. We got on the elevator and to our apartment where as I opened the door and again felt a bladder pressure and orgasmic release and warmth spreading. We got inside and put the groceries down . Only then did she notice anything. She asked me what happened. I told her I wet my pants. She said she could see that. I told I couldn’t wait. She asked when it happened. I told her on the way home from the grocery store. She asked when. I told her I went in my pants when we had to wait to cross the street. She asked why I didn’t say something. I’asked what was there to say. I told her I was sorry it happened but I couldn’t help it. I told her my bladder was suddenly vary painful and when I couldn’t wait any longer it felt so good as I wet my pants. I told her it always it felt so good when I didn’t get to a bathroom in time. She did not respond to that comment but she was sympathetic as she told me to go clean up. I stayed dry the rest of the weekend.

So each of the two weeks after her “close call” I had wet my pants several times and she seemed genuinely sympathetic and not all put off by it.

