First time I've pissed myself in years, also room mate

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2016-06-23 14:55

I'm typing this out on my phone so excuse the length. All of my room mates and I are big wrestling fans. So we naturally ignore the "don't try this at home" and often do matches together. We suck. There is a female in our flat, Kara, but we don't really wrestle her, we just sort of let her do the moves on us.

Brief note about the ring we set up. It's two mattresses set up in a corridor. We put pillows and such to make it safe against the walls and to fill in a gap between the mattresses.

Now this time it was a 6 way match for the flat championship, the God like champion Tyler durdan was trying to retain his championship against all comers. One thing to note is that due to my reversal to tap out(give up) they tend to try pin me instead. I'm the smallest guy in the flat so that makes it easier. Everyone was battling around the mattresses and I was against probably the second best wrestler of us(besides me) and we were trading blows. He decides to Ddt me. A Ddt is getting someone in a head lock and then falling backwards, driving the head into the ground. It's a basic move and doesn't hurt on the mattress. He did it and my head went through the gap in the mattresses and slap bang onto the floor. This is also how I got my first concussion.

Everything went blurry and my God, I was dizzy. I could barely stand. The others thought I was just selling the move but I was generally hurt. I managed to pull myself up using a wall only to fall backwards along the wall. My head ended up connecting with karas stomach. She basically got all my weight slamming directly into her bladder. Really can't blame her for pissing herself. I slam into her and she goes down, like a domino effect. I'm laying against the wall and looking up at her. I can see a dark patch growing on her jeans and rolling down to the floor. She must have been so embarrassed but her first instinct was to check if I was okay. I nodded and apologised. She had a wet patch covering the Inside of her legs and alot of her ass.

Now things get really sketchy. I remember heading towards the bathroom. I remember my friends yelling and asking where I was going. I remember collapsing outside the door and most of all I remember a warm feeling around my crotch.

