New Year's Gift

Author: CaPeeRice98

*000*2021-12-31 15:46

I haven't had a chance to submit a new post, but an opportunity has been opened to me and I'm back to share my most recent experience.

In recent, life has been exhausting, being thrown countless responsibilities and a move to boot.. Me and my new flatmate have been working hard to organise everything by our due date, and as excited as I am, the thought of living with someone else has brought me lots of stress and anxiety.. So I cooked up a plan to relax and have some fun before we finally settle in;

As I woke up this morning, I noticed that my bladder had been quite restless, with me going to empty it more frequently than usual, which inspired me.. With the shopping list ready, my flatmate offered to do the shopping for the day and run some errands, saying they would return sometime in the afternoon. Waking up early, I went to sleep in a bit, and when I woke up they were gone. My bladder was somewhat full, but instead of emptying it this time, I let my initial concept come into play..

What to do all alone, I wondered? I wanted to help out with housework, but I quickly discarded that thought and decided to take it easy. I prepared myself a large carrying cup of water with a screw-on lid (this will be relevant later) and put on some comfortable clothes, settling myself in bed. With nothing to do, I decided on scrolling the web for content to get me in the mood, stumbling upon a wonderful story by a fellow member of this very site (big props to you, my friend!) that immediately caught my attention..

At this point, I've been patiently reading and sipping from my cup for so long that I've had to refill it twice and got myself aroused and my bladder quite full! Not wanting it to come to anticlimax, my hand slipped below the covers as I lightly pushed on my bladder; It sent tingles in various places, as I kept giving it light pushes while reading further.. It got so intense to the point I had to put my phone aside, leaving the quiet tunes of my playlist in the background. Of course, my bladder was a little bulged, but it wasn't the only stiff sensation hard to ignore..

My hand went further, it slid into my pants, trying it's best to stroke myself in such a tiny space. Sliding along, I put my fingers inside of myself, the pressures and pleasures hitting me like a wave. I was bursting for a piss, but I kept pounding! It got too much for the space of my pants to handle, so I carefully lowered them just enough to still feel trapped, but a bit more free. Soon, I was in my favourite and most pleasurable position; sat on my knees, ass in the air, face hid in the covers as my hands did all the work.. I started to panic. I felt as if I would explode, I had to act quick!

I remembered my cup from earlier.. I still had some water is, so I clenched onto myself for dear life and finished it through the straw, but then it hit me; How was I supposed to unscrew the lid with one hand? A wave of desperation as well as immense pleasure had hit me, leaving me with both hands on myself, but I had to do something! I sucked it up, squirming around, trying my best to open the lid, all while failing from the sweat on my hands.. Somehow, I've done it, I've opened my cup! I quickly positioned it below myself, pissing a torrent inside, almost overfilling it, as I muffled my moans against my bed..

I did my best to stay calm, shaking off the stray drops on me and putting my lower garments back on. The only issue would be hiding this from my flatmate.. I quickly went to the bathroom and emptied the cup before vigorously rinsing away the smell of my urine that was stored inside, refilling it with fresh clean water to drink from. They returned soon after my pleasurable shenanigans took place, and it's safe to say that I wasn't caught. I'll have to return to helping them in our draining labour, but this early New Year's gift sure is worth it!

(If you have any advice for me to improve my writing, as well as ideas for fictitious stories, sharing them would be quite appreciated.)

