Wet myself in my car due to traffic

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-08-10 07:44

Went to the Gym in Riverside, CA since I happen to be in that area, When During the time I was exercising for 2 hours I consumed over a liter of water. When I was done working out I immediately wet to my car and drove home. I completely forgot their is a Forrest fire so when I got on to the freeway it was completely jammed due to evacuations. I have a weak bladder I cant hold anything past 500 ml ( I measured). Traffic barely moved, at that point I needed to go bad, like so bad I was physically shaking. I took a picture of the traffic and posted on facebook to try to get my mind off of it. That didnt work, my bladder started contracting hard and I was peeing in my shorts and leaking in my car seat. 

I knew it was hopeless on trying to hold it, I saw the guard rail as a perfect place to pee, at that point I didnt care who saw. I put my car in park opened the door and when I tried to sit up to get out the car, the pressure on my bladder became so extreme that I lost control and started peeing in my shorts uncontrollably. I soaked my car seat and my car floor, I just gave up and let it come out. When I was done I was sitting in a car full of urine. every time I had to pee I would just let it go and pee in the car seat because their was no point in holding it. The next day took my car to a car wash to have it clean, boy it was an expensive bill.

Guys always have a bottle in the car to pee in, its expensive to clean!

$$

