Girlfriend's WORST emergency... locked toilets

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-04-24 01:22

NOTE: this is a reprint from a story I posted on Literotica. BUT it is not fictional.

My girlfriend told me this happened last year before we met, to her. Names and places changed. From her POV (FYI...she said in the morning she wore a pink top and black short shorts. Not super skinny, nice hips, long brown hair)....

###

My bed was so comfortable. After a long night working at the bar I came home so exhausted my eyes could not even stay opened. I was so thirsty though so I drank a bottle of water before bed (one liter). After six hours I started to wake up but knew if I left my bed there was no way I would be able to get back in. I had a busy day. I looked at my clock, 7:15 am, and then I noticed by bladder had a dull ache in it. Sort of what would be a desperation point but decided I wanted to sleep while I could.

A few minutes later it was like my bladder gave multiple bumps against my belly. I got out of bad and made my way to our house's ONE bathroom. I grabbed the knob and turned it but dang it, locked! I knocked on the door and heard my dad's voice, "Occupied!"

I walked down the stairs to our living room. Poured some coffee that had been made and took a big sip. I wish I could go back to change that because not long after it felt like I had dropped a brick in my bladder. It was getting heavy and made a noise. I hopped a little in place and then hurried upstairs. I knocked on the bathroom door.

"Hey," I said. "Dad, are you almost done? I really gotta go!" Dad said, "Just give me a minute. I have work soon, I have to dry off form my shower."

I let out a breath of annoyance and walked back to my room and tipped left and right due to the ache in my bladder. My legs had gone up and down, one after the other. Hands on my hips and it almost felt like my bladder would pop. I sat on my bed and put my hands to my crotch, and then closed my legs, tight. Soon my legs had begun to wobble while I had sat and breasts flapped up and down as well.

But then...the bathroom door opened. I got up and ran down the hall to the doorway. My dad had left and the toilet was there with the seat down. I felt relieved...for five darn seconds. As I entered in my mom called from downstairs.

"Sweetie! Karen is here. Says it's important." Oh snap! I thought. Karen, my friend, and I were supposed to do that college tour for incoming freshmen today (we're juniors). I looked at the toilet and hopped in place desperate to release but went downstairs.

I walked over to Karen and seemed like I was about to trip over after each step. "You ok?" she asked. "I haven't had chance to use the bathroom yet. What's up?"

"We have the tour to go. Go put some clothes on, we're going to be late."

I hurried back upstairs and just had to make that restroom trip first. Right before I approached the doorway, my brother (whose room is right across from the bathroom) went in and shut the door. I ran over.

"No-no-no-no-no-no-no!" I squealed in a high-pitched, desperate voice. I knocked hard. "Damien! I was just headed in there. Come on, I really gotta go!"

Damien said, "I got my priorities too. Hold it and wait or get lost."

I wrestled with the door handle.

Damien asked, "Do you really gotta go that bad?"

I answered, "For the love of the lord yes. Can I come in."

"How about this?" he asked. I suddenly heard the shower get turned on and if I was right, he had splashed the water as it went into the tub.

To hear the water pouring from the faucet and then the splash made my bladder feel like it had tightened inside of me. I danced back and forth as Karen came upstairs.

"Dude," Karen said. "We don't have any time to waste. We have to go now."

"But..." I tried to beg. "I have to..."

"Girl, you're 21," she said. "Hold it until we get to the school. Come on."

To shorten it a bit, I got my blue jeans on that had cutoffs at the ankles. White sneakers, tight white sweatshirt. We got into her car and drove off to the campus.

My legs had been crossed so tight I lost feeling in my bladder by the time we got to the school. We signed in and I saw the women's bathroom and dashed across the hall to it. Once inside I almost slipped. I saw a "Wet Floor" sign and the janitor was in there.

"Hey little girl!" he said. "You can't be in here, I'm cleaning up the room."

I started to hop in place again. "Please...I have to pee so bad. You would not believe the morning I had. Please-."

"I can't be in here while you are. I'm behind schedule, just wait outside."

"But...but...my bladder is the size of Antarctica!" I said. My hands shot to my crotch and legs turned to the center. I was at my limit. I could feel it starting to break through and leak. "Please, I-."

The janitor just pushed me out and locked the door behind me. I tried to get back in but the heard dripping. A leak in the roof dripped into a bucket below. Each drip sound was a feeling of torment for me. My legs crossed as I stood.

Karen walked up and said, "Tour's here. Are you ok?"

My heart skipped a beat. A bunch of incoming freshmen were standing there with their parents. They stared at me as I hopped in place without conscience control.

"Dude," Karen said. "What's wrong with-."

"I gotta take a leak!" I screamed. I dashed across the hall to the men's room but two guys came out just as I went in. It was an accident that tipped me over. I got back up ready to run in but the having been pushed down I lost the grip of my control and there it happened...it all flowed out of me. My pants darkened with the soiled wetness of last night's water and this morning's coffee.

I cried and ran out, all the way home. Guess what? Bathroom was unoccupied when I got there!

*006*2017-04-25 12:44

{{On 4/24/2017 at 5:26 AM, dirk88 said:

I also lived in a house with only one bathroom, and my sister ALWAYS had to pee like crazy after school. She arrived super desperate and if somebody was in there she would dance around all the house.

But leaving the house without being able to pee yet, and after one liter of water the night before, is crazy. She must have had a seriously strong bladder!

Did she usually hold it a lot when you were dating? Or at least hold it for a whole day without going to the loo? If she was able to leave the house with one liter in her bladder, she definitely was a good holder :)

If you have more experiences from her I would love to hear them :D of course if you want to share hehe!

Great story. Cheers!

}}

Well I used her experience to write a fiction story that I think was kind of hot lol

$iframe data-embed-src="$/36779-day-of-extreme-desperation-reprinted-from-literotica/?do=embed&comment=1315910&embedComment=1315910&embedDo=findComment#comment-1315910"

