Forest Wetting Fun [Pics]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-08-08 19:24

$iframe data-embed-src="$/45199-jogging-panty-drying-adventure-with-pictures/?do=embed"

Well, as you will mostly know, I was off in the UK visiting friends and family a while back, and didn’t have as much private time or space to really get into wetting fun. As a result, I had some fun with diapers and wetting on the many plane rides we too, and also had a couple of naughty adventures while out jogging in the forest alone, like this one ^

Well, this is another little forest wetting adventure. I went out for a long jog, and ended up spending some time just sitting about, watching nature, listening to a good podcast mid-run. It was super hot, and I enjoyed the quiet time alone not with the in-laws.

On this particular day, I was wearing my pretty typical black, quick-dry running skort, a rather tiny tank top, a sun-hat, socks and running shows. Underneath all of this I had on a sports bra and a pair of my favorite Frozen print panties.

I was well-hydrated before leaving and also carried a water bottle and my phone (for my tunes and podcasts). It was a weekend and the forest was packed with people, I passed lots of different groups, couples and individuals while I was on the main paths. There were even little picnics here and there, detracting from the feeling that the forest were in some way wild. UK forests don’t quite compare to the ones we have here in BC.

Anyhow, I turned off the main paths as I felt my bladder filling, and went down a fun curving side path, which had some challenging hills and nice lookouts. At one of these I stopped and just sat there, enjoying the view, listening to a great podcast, and finishing off my water bottle.

After not too much time had elapsed, and despite my having sweated a ton, I felt my bladder filling up. It had reached a strong 7 by the time I had decided to keep going. Around this level of bladder discomfort, I tend to leak if I engage in overly strenuous activity, and working my way down the several hills I had recently surmounted would almost certainly have led to wet panties and skorts. If I had not been in a naughty mood, I might have just found a quiet corner and squatted down to pee like a big girl, instead, I decided to be naughty.

I went a small way into the forest, to avoid witnesses, while the lookout had been relatively secluded, a couple of mountain bikers had huffed past, along with one small group. I found a private part of the forest and contemplated my options. I could do anything. There I was, a girl with full bladder, alone, in a forest.

The possibilities were endless and I felt myself getting aroused just a little thinking through them. I finally opted to play around with sensations. I’ve wet myself plenty, but I seldom get the chance to wet myself in strange positions and on strange things. Usually I’m running, or sitting down, or standing.

I spied a fallen birch tree with a gnarly trunk. It was wide, wide enough for me to straddle, but not wide enough so that my legs were held too far apart. I decided that I would straddle the tree trunk, pressing my girl bits up against a soft portion of the trunk and wet my bottoms. My heart rate increased while I contemplated how this would feel – a wide, hard trunk between my legs, and the feeling of my warm pee running along the trunk or down its sides. I felt a little tingly and throbby between my legs when I finally straddled the trunk. I left my phone and water bottle to the side, to better appreciate all the sensations.

It was everything I had hoped it would be. Just straddling the trunk, feeling it pressing the fabric of my panties and skort up into my labia felt naughty. I felt a little like a teenage, experimenting with touching myself again. Wondering what this might feel like, and what that might do.

I rubbed myself against the tree a little, enjoying the feeling. I paused, listening for voices. I heard none.

I closed my eyes, appreciating the sounds of the forest around me, and after a few moments, I released. Mixed in with the birdsong, the rustling of the trees, I heard the hiss of my peeing, quickly followed by the sound of dripping on leaves. I felt my crotch explode in warm wetness and, somewhat to my disappointment, as I had been hoping it would run down between my legs, I felt the warm pee running out the sides, and down my legs.

I reveled in the feeling, enjoying all the different sensations. Mid-way through, I gave a little grinding wiggle, moving my peeing sex against the trunk.

Once I was done, I held my position, eyes still closed, and felt the now cold dripping of the pee through the inside legs of the shorts portion of my skort. I wiggled a little more, but now that the pee was cooling, the magic seemed to have ended.

I came to and opened my eyes. I was still alone in a beautiful little clearing. I lifted one leg and stepped off the trunk. I could feel cool droplets running down my inner thighs and a couple more drops dripped onto the forest floor from my soaked skort shorts.

I looked around and listened, listening for other forest visitors, but I heard only birdsong and leaves.

I look around for evidence of my wetting, but saw none, there was scarcely a wet spot on the tree trunk, and my pee had disappeared into the humus and leaves of the forest floor.

I took a couple of steps to retrieve my phone and felt the discomfort of wet fabric against my skin. I still had 20 minutes of proper jogging (at least) to get back to where I was staying, and despite my initial excitement, I did not relish doing this in wet bottoms.

So looking around I yanked down my skort and stepped out of it. Standing there in my wet panties, I held up the skort to inspect it. You could not see the wetness from the outside, as the skirt portion did its job in covering things up. But the inside leg portions of the short portion, were soaked. I wrung these out and then shook the entire set up out to get as much of the moisture as possible out.

I looked around again and listened, my senses seemingly more attuned given the fact that I was standing there in wet panties for all the world to see.

I pulled down my panties. Standing there in running shoes and a top, I took some hasty but artful photos of my wet panties.

I looked around. I was still alone.

I used a dry patch on my panties to dry off my inner thighs and between my labia. The panties were too wet to put back on again, so I once again draped them on the trunk.

Now I was bottomless, like a cola at the Olive Garden, and standing in a very public forest. The thought of someone coming up a rise and spotting my there, drying my bottoms in the middle of the forest gave me a huge thrill and I could feel my pulse quicken, matching the throbbing between my legs.

I didn’t leave my skort off long, but I was tempted to get back on the tree trunk. My inner adult decided against this (dirt, bugs, and possible members of the public, etc.), so after enjoying the feeling of being completely exposed, but not enjoying the increasingly worrying feeling of getting caught, I slipped my skort back on. They felt drier than before. I was content to stuff my panties into the little pocket on the side (for tennis balls?). I retrieved my water bottle, and headed home. I ended up taking a rather long shower when I finally arrived where I was staying...

*004*2018-08-13 18:46

Best go hunting

{{On 8/9/2018 at 7:55 PM, openmindeddude said:

Lovely story as always. Wonder if ill be lucky enough someday to come across a naughty wetter in the Forrest

}}

Or you could also order a pair and then leave them in to forest to find

*006*2018-08-13 22:39

{{3 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

Reading back on your staged ultrasound appointment, I'm a bit curious to ask.

How open are you to staging more public desperation? Getting filled up, trying to find a restroom, and either squirming in a queue or approaching the front counter in a shop and pleading to use their "Employees Only" restroom?

}}

I'm glad you liked that one, it was a special adventure. And well, to answer your question, I suppose it depends on my mood, where I am and the people around me. When I was travelling it was much easier, as well, I didn't have to worry about running into someone I know, but I've done a number of these kinds of things, and I think I've written about a couple (one in a pub in the UK a number of years ago comes to mind). It's a very subtle but embarrassing form of exhibitionism.

