Peeing in front of my bf

Author: Emma12

*000*2020-10-26 19:17

So this happened right before quarantine.

Me and my boyfriend were going to the mall, and he did not know about my pee fetish yet, and well, I didn’t know that he had one too. So we got in the car and began driving to the mall. I had had like 4 glasses of water before we left, and I could feel the liquid pushing on my bladder, but it was like a 2/10 so I paid no attention. We got to the mall and bought some soda. (I got the largest bottle they had) and I finished mine within the hour. I was still at like a two. We went to a store and my boyfriend picked out some clothes. We then walked a couple blocks down the street to get some food. I was up to a four, and was fidgeting a bit, but my boyfriend didn’t notice yet. We went to the restaurant and we were seated. It was crowded so it took about two hours to get our food. Once we had finished eating it was around 5pm. I was at a seven or an eight now and was clutching my crotch.

My boyfriend noticed and asked if I wanted to go to the bathroom, but I gestured towards the out of order signs that were on the bathroom doors. He laughed, and suggested we head home. I was almost at a nine now, and fidgeting a ton, while clutching my crotch. My boyfriend was blushing but at the time, I thought it was because he was just embarrassed for me. We got in the car, and unfortunately for me, there was an hours worth of traffic. About thirty minutes in, I knew I wasn’t going to make it. I told my boyfriend, and he didn’t know what to do, cause there were no exits. I felt a contraction in my bladder, and you could see a little wet spot now.

I could feel tears beginning to fal down my cheeks, and I told him I couldn’t hold it anymore. Just as I lost control, my boyfriend put his hand under my crotch, and massaged it as the warm stream of pee came out. I was surprised, but I liked it. I tried to stop the flow , but it was no use. My boyfriend was still massaging my crotch. I continued peeing for about three minutes, due to the fact that I had a ton of liquid in me. When I stopped he apologized and blushed. I told him it was ok and I said I liked it. When we eventually got home, he began kissing me. He tugged at the belt of my soaked pants, and we made love. We are quarantining together, and I have a ton more of these stories.

