Just did my first hold in a year

Author: Cutiepie135

*000*2022-07-18 03:21

Hey all! I’m back with another story, and unlike the other two, this one is freshly finished. Like, my legs are still sticky type thing.

So, I have been wanting to do a hold all weekend. I’m at my bf’s on the weekends, so I don’t do anything but fantasize about it when I get home. Normally I don’t even try to do it, bc of laundry or it not being the right time. But not tonight.

At around 6, I had 3 solo cups worth of ice water. Those that know me, know I drink water like nobody’s business. I left my bf’s at 9, so it was already settling in my bladder and making me a bit squirmy.

When I got home, I snagged two water bottles (591) and went to my room, getting everything prepped. Everyone was still awake, so going to the bathroom and releasing in the tub was not an option. Plus, they were bathing our dogs, who were indeed quite stinky.

So I get everything ready and hop on the site. I decide to document my hold, and a fellow user tells me I should drink one of my water bottles, which I do quite fast. This is at around 10~ish. My bladder is a solid 7/10 so I keep going strong. I was confident I could make it by 12.

That could not be further from the truth. I was laying down, doing what girls do at night and when I finished, I noticed that my bladder had gone from a 7/10, to a 9/10. But it didn’t feel like I was dying, just a bit more pressure. Then I stood up, and oh my godddd, I knew I wouldn’t last long. This was at 10:40.

I danced around, struggling to put on my polka dot leggings. I originally wanted to wet in my shorts, but I decided leggings would be easier to hide if for some reason someone came in my room. And my shorts would show just about ANYTHING, and they were new, so I didn’t want to wet them yet.

I honestly thought I was going to wet myself before I even put on the leggings, but miraculously I did not. I didn’t even leak. I set my towel down and sat down on it, but then got antsy and stood up.

Standing up was the end. There I was, legs crossed, trying desperately to suppress the ocean that was inevitably going to come. I whimpered and squirmed, and then my first leak. I crossed my legs tighter, leaking some more into my leggings. I was actually panicking, thinking “oh god I’m about to piss myself.” I crossed my legs even more and I felt the next leak snake into my ass, and when I let my legs go to adjust, piss was hitting the towel and I tried to stop it. But eventually, it got to be too much. I stopped trying and just let my piss soak the towel and my poor leggings. I tried to stop it one more time, and when I let my legs go, it just kept going. I pissed until I couldn’t anymore, and it felt really good. Will be doing this again

$$

$$

$$

