Leaking Again II [Pictures]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2020-09-20 22:09

Leaking Again II

A follow up from my previous post – Leaking Again:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/62259-leaking-again/?do=embed"

See this post for all the background stuff (and for a decent little adventure if I don’t mind saying so), but the long and the short of it is that I’ve been leaking more often than normal – my OAB symptoms are back. I’m scheduled for a jab at the end of the month which will help sort this out, but until then I’ve been having more urgency-related leaks and a couple of wet beds. Here’s what happened with

Work has been pretty crazy though, as the not-for-profit I work for has been trying to decide whether or not we should keep our offices, which are currently woefully underutilized, or just move things online and all work remotely. This has meant a bunch of extra meetings, and while most of these have been via Zoom, some of them have required a small number of the team to meet at the office.

I won’t bore people with all the COVID precautions that are being taken, but we on these few occasions we have been keeping safe.

So a couple of weeks ago, not too long after me accident at the grocery store, I was in the office meeting with a couple of colleagues and walking through the space. I had been a little nervous going into the office, mostly because of all the precautions and worries of taking the Sky Train (part of our local transit system), but it was also nice to get out of the house and meet with people in person.

It was a little strange getting ready in the morning, as I had almost forgotten how to pick out a work appropriate outfit, especially the bottoms. In the past few months of working from home this girl’s become a ninja when it comes to quickly putting on makeup and a tasteful blouse minutes before a Zoom call, and then quickly scrambling into comfy PJs the second it is over.

I decided to go with comfortable black slacks, a light purple blouse under a light blazer, a grey comfortable (Third Love) bra, and cute grey cotton Frozen panties with little Olafs on them. Because we were going to be doing a bunch of walking, I went with sensible flats. And because of the strict COVID protocols about using the kitchen, I packed a wrap and some snacks in one of my larger purses.

I didn’t get into the office until about 10 am, as we had decided to meet up after the morning rush to minimize using transit at peak times. We spent the morning walking about through the space, and otherwise getting our job done. I had to excuse myself at about 10:45 to nip off to the loo. When I arrived I was the only person there, which was good, as one of our COVID precautions is that despite the fact that this particular washroom has three stalls, only one person is allowed to use it at one time. There’s a little sign by the door you flip to indicate that you are inside the washroom or if it is empty.

I did my business, washed my hands for a lengthy period of time, and went back out to find the team.

The rest of the morning passed uneventfully, and we all went outside to the nearby park. After this, it was back inside, but this time we set up in the conference room and continued to discuss things and run numbers.

I used the loo before returning from lunch, as my mango juice had gone right through me, and this time I had to wait outside for at least 4 minutes while a co-worker used the facilities. While I was not desperate, or even anywhere past a 5 on the desperation scale, I reckoned I should use the bathroom ‘just in case,’ plus I didn’t know how long our afternoon meetings might take.

After my co-worker had vacated the washroom, I bobbed in and went about my business. I thought, momentarily, that the ‘only one person in the loo’ policy had the potential to be a problem if I were really desperate or had another sudden urge like the incident at the mall, and momentarily considered sticking a pad in my panties, again, just in case. I didn’t have any on me, as I had left my overly large purse in the meeting room, and I didn’t feel like using one of the free period pads that are available by the sink – given my OAB leaks, in the event of an accident they would do little more than funnel pee more quickly to the sides, or down the back if I was sitting.

I considered putting in a pad next time I visited the loo and went back to join the meeting, which was waiting for me.

The next 30 minutes were to be all numbers and complicated maths. Only 20 minutes into the meeting I got a very sudden and strong urge to pee. In classic OAB form, my bladder, which had just been relieved a scarce 20 minutes earlier, was telling me I needed to pee now. NOW!

It went from a 1 or 2 on the desperation scale to a 9 in seconds. I colleague was in mid-sentence and it was not a good time to interrupt. But I knew I had to visit the washroom right away. I crossed my legs tightly and bore down, hoping the urge would subside. I knew I didn’t need to pee this badly, it was impossible for my bladder to have filled this quickly, but none the less my bladder was screaming for release. The leg crossing helped keep me at a steady 9, but the urge did not subside.

As soon as my colleague paused for breath, perhaps a minute later (thought it seemed interminable), I excused myself without giving a reason, and tried to leave the room with as much decorum as possible. The second I was outside and out of the line of vision of my co-workers, I turned in the direction of the washroom and took a step. For whatever reason my sense of urgency which has been a 9 in front of my colleagues, shot past 10 the second I was out of sight.

When I say my bladder urgency shot past 10, I mean it released. Straight into my panties and work trousers.

Scarcely 5 steps from the conference room door my bladder released itself into my clothes. I was unable to bear down at all, and it was as if I door had been abruptly opened and a wall of water inside just whooshed out.

My face, already warm from needing to excuse myself so suddenly, grew even warmer, along with the fabric between my legs.

Fortunately it didn’t last long. I had just emptied my bladder, so there wasn’t too much pee. After a good solid 5 or 10 seconds of peeing I managed to bear down and stop the flow, assisted in part by my hand, which I had shoved firmly in place to offer additional support.

While I did get things under control, it was enough to thoroughly soak my panties – as I could feel the warm wet fabric against my vulva – and also wet my pants – I reached down and could feel a considerable wet spot between my legs.

The second my bladder had started emptying I had frozen in place, and the second I felt the extent of my bathroom accident with my hand I sprang into action. I hurried down the hallway and around the corner to the washrooms. As I moved, I could feel the wet patch from my accident cooling rapidly and the wet fabric of my clothes rubbing against the soft delicate skin between my legs.

I pulled up at the washroom hoping it would be free, and to my enormous relief it was. I barged through the door and made towards the stalls.

I made for the furthest stall and locked myself in. And only then did I inspect the damage I had done to my clothing. I could feel a significant wet spot all around my crotch, larger than an open hand, with wet portions running down each thigh and up in the front. I carefully removed my trousers and hung them on the door. My panties were soaked. Something about grey fabric really shows off wet spots and I had made a serious wet spot. I carefully removed them.

I was holding my wet panties in my hand, standing in the stall bottomless, my wet trousers hanging on the door when I felt another squeeze from my bladder. I quickly spun around and plunked myself down on the toilet.

I was surprised there was any pee left in me, but I apparently had enough to go for a solid 20 seconds. My saturated panties dangled from my right hand as I peed and then wiped. When I got up I could see that they had dripped on the floor!

My heart was pounding.

I decided I’d take a quick couple of pictures of the scene before going about sorting out my wet clothing situation.

$$

$$

I was in a slight predicament. I did have spare panties in my purse (I’m always packing, just in case, well almost always), but in my haste I had not grabbed my purse. So I was going to have to do something about that.

I was lucky, the black material of my trousers showed absolutely nothing. These were the kind of trousers I wore a lot of in high school, and they are like stealth wetting pants. I padded them dry carefully with toilet paper to avoid little bits of paper accumulating on their surface – this was not my first time at the rodeo, I have lost count of the number of times I’ve done this in my youth.

Content with the status of my trousers, I went about wringing out my panties and drying them more aggressively with toilet paper.

Then two things happened almost at once. My phone buzzed with a text, and I heard the door of the washroom open.

I had forgotten the flip the little card that indicated that the bathroom was occupied.

“Someone’s in here!” I shouted.

“Oh, ok.” I heard from the door. “Will you be long?” They inquired.

“Um…” I was embarrassed by the idea of sharing details about my toilet visit with a stranger (or colleague), so I struggled to find the right words. “Um… yeah, it might be a little while.” I hedged.

I recognized the voice, it was one of my colleagues.

“Ok, please hurry.” She said, a hint of exasperation in her voice. “I’ll flip the sign for you.”

I didn’t respond but waited for to hear the door close.

Still naked from the waist down, I check my text, it was from another colleague, letting me know that they were going to be out walking about, and that I should join them in a specific room as soon as possible.

I sent back a quick – OK, and sprang into action.

Apparently I’d taken more than 10 minutes with my cleanup and drying. I felt my trousers again (Pro-Tip: always start by drying your trousers first when you have an accident, so they can start to dry while you sort the rest of the situation out). They were damp to the touch, but wearable. My panties, being cotton, were considerably more wet, and I decided against wearing them. I folded them up with the wet portion covered by the rest, and tucked them into the inner pocket of my jacket.

I then pulled up my damp trousers and worked through the initial discomfort of having cool wet clammy fabric against your more sensitive parts.

I gave my bum a little wiggle, testing them for rubbing. I also ran my hands all around my diaper area, and felt the slightly damp and cool fabric against my skin.

The seam of the trousers was considerably more wet than rest, and as I wiggled, it rubbed against my lips uncomfortably. I would need to change into my emergency panties ASAP. But in the meantime I would slip in a pad.

Put my shoes on properly, and I unlocked the stall door and made to make a dash over to the little basket of pads by the sink and grab the thickest one.

Knock, knock, knock.

“Will you be much longer?” I heard from outside the washroom, with a little more urgency this time.

“Sorry, not much longer, one sec.” I shouted and checked to see that they had not opened the door. While I was no longer half naked, I still didn’t want a colleague seeing my nipping out of the stall to grab a pad. I’m not sure why, it’s totally natural and that’s why they are there, but I would have been embarrassed.

I grabbed a pad and went back into the stall.

I don’t know if you’ve ever worn a pad without panties, but the trick is to stick it onto your trousers and try to have it sit flat, otherwise you’ve just created a little absorbent wedge that will funnel liquid down either side and subsequently your legs.

Well getting this pad to sit flat was not going to happen given the nature of my trousers and the limited time – I was conscience of my colleagues predicament – so I made do, and vowed to change into proper panties with one of my spare UI pads as soon as possible.

Pad in place, I washed my hands and hurried out of the washroom.

I apologized like only a Canadian can to my colleague who was waiting by the washroom door in what appeared to be mild discomfort (it’s hard to tell with everyone wearing masks), and hurried back to find the group.

The next 30 minutes of walking around was uncomfortable, was the wet fabric of my trousers rubbed against my skin, but I could feel the trousers were noticeably drier as the walk about wound down. None of my colleagues commented on my hasty retreat from the meeting, and none seemed to notice my trousers.

This, it turned out, was the last thing we needed to do for the day and so we all gathered our things and said our goodbyes and everyone headed off home.

I grabbed my purse and made a b-line for the washroom again. It was occupied, so I waited patiently for at least 3 minutes.

Another colleague exited the washroom and I headed in. I sat on the toilet and peed as much as I could, as I was about to embark on my commute home and definitely didn’t want any further accidents. As I did so, I removed the pad from my trousers, it had turned into an uncomfortable wedge, balled it up, and tossed it into the little bin. I then removed my trousers, pulled on my spare panties (white panties with red lines – classic shimapan), and carefully stuck in one of my pads.

I realized that I was still carrying around a pair of wet panties in my jacket, so I pulled these out and put them into the little plastic bag I keep my backup panties in.

I padded my trousers dry one last time, washed my hands, and then headed out into the world.

###

My trip home was uneventful. I changed into PJs immediately upon getting home and tossed my trousers in the wash. Because the workday was not yet over, I spent the last few hours of the day catching up on emails.

After work, I went back to my purse to clean up my lunch Tupperware, and I noticed the baggie containing my wet panties. I had a naughty thought and decided to have a little more fun with my underwear.

I removed them from their bag, and as you can see, they partially dry at this point. As they had been confined in a bag most of the day, they were quite wet, but not sodden as they had previously been.

$$

$$

I slipped off my shimapan, the pad was dry, and pulled on my previously wet panties. The wet gusset was cold against my skin and gave me tingles. I wiggled about for a little while, enjoying the cold clammy feelings of panties that had been wet a while ago.

I don’t know if anyone is into temperature play, but there is something exquisite about wetting a cold wet article of clothing. I remember growing up and waking up in a cold wet bed on occasion and experimenting with intentionally wetting it further, enjoying the contrasting feeling of cold and hot.

Well, this was what I did, I sat on the toilet and peed. The fold wetness of the fabric was chased away by the hot flood of pee, and I reveled in the contrasting sensations. I sat there for a little while, thinking almost exclusively about my labia and the dance of temperature and wetness that they were experiencing.

Now the warm pee from my second wetting of my panties was beginning to cool, and I decided that playtime was over.

I padded my crotch with a large wad of toilet paper, to stop my panties from dripping on the floor when I took them off.

$$

$$

$$

I removed them, and dried myself as best I could, some parts of my just didn’t want to get dry…

I hung the panties up to dry, and then bottomless, wandered out into the flat to find my husband.

Rachel

*004*2020-09-21 19:25

{{6 hours ago, openmindeddude said:

Great story as always. Sorry about the work accident, but I'm glad it turned into a bit of fun !

}}

Thanks!

{{2 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

I feel like I shouldn't be enjoying this as much as I am.

But now I kinda want to see one more public wetting (though maybe not as public as your workplace!) before you get jabbed. I can only dream of seeing an accident like yours in-person.

}}

Oh I definitely posted it for people to enjoy.

*006*2020-09-21 22:06

{{1 hour ago, DonnyWotty said:

That's good to hear.

That does make me wonder though, what would you have done if that extra 20 seconds of pee had made it into your pants? What would you have done if someone had walked out into the hall while you were there making a puddle?

}}

So that's definitely happened, though not since I was much younger, in those trousers I think it would have been almost invisible if I squeezed my legs together, but yeah... the puddle would have been visible... let's not think about that...

*008*2020-09-22 01:22

{{50 minutes ago, LilMiss said:

So glad the work accident wasn't worse than it was, and you were able to hide it! I have another UTI and just started antibiotics today. It'll be another 24 hours before I stop peeing myself though...already peed my pants 2x today, so now I'm more properly attired to deal with this until the meds kick in, so yeah, I get it. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Oh no! Sorry to hear this hun, UTIs suck diaper up!

*011*2020-09-26 23:53

{{17 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Western Washington state got some rain It somewhat cleaned the air. Hopefully, British Columbia now has cleaner air and less coughing.

}}

It's been getting better

*014*2020-09-27 22:35

{{9 hours ago, SoakedScott said:

You’re very articulate.

}}

Thanks

Update, I got my jabs on Friday - not too much to report, but the two technicians definitely knew I was wearing a Goodnite. I spend the weekend recovering and relaxing. In the past it's taken a couple of weeks to be super effective, so now I'm just playing a waiting game.

*016*2020-09-28 23:47

{{6 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

More like a wetting game, am I right?

....I'll show myself out.

}}

Muahahahahahha

*019*2021-08-25 05:39

{{14 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

Not to resurrect a year old thread, though I was kind of curious, with a year having passed, did the Botox end up helping? Or are you still having close calls like this one?

}}

Always nice to see older posts pop up.

So the COVID shenanigans and my Botox people are normalized, so I'm back on a regular jab schedule. I do still have leaks (and should share some pictures some time), but usually when I'm working out, sneezing, and that sort of thing. And being the DL that I am, if I've got a long sequence of meetings on Zoom (I'm still working from home), I will often diaper up

