Bus Ride Desperation

Author: SomeNewGuy

*000*2020-01-05 17:02

Near the end of my senior year of high school, I almost had what would have been a very embarrassing all-out accident on a long bus ride. We went on a field trip to a museum in the city, about two hours away. When we were leaving, I needed to pee a little, but didn’t want to make a big deal and hold everyone up while I went to the restroom. So I figured I could hold it in until we got back to the school. Well, after about an hour on the bus, I had to pee really really bad. I was scared that I might not be able to hold it in until we got back. I considered asking the driver to stop somewhere, but that would gave been very embarrassing to me, so I didn’t.

When there was about a half hour left in the trip, I had to pee so bad that I was frantic. I could barely hold it in anymore, and felt like I was going to wet my pants very soon. I was feeling very embarrassed because I knew I might pee myself right there on the bus and everyone would probably find out. As much as I wish that I had asked the bus driver to stop earlier, I wasn’t going to do it then, because It was very possible that I would have an all-out accident in front of everyone as I was exiting the bus. 

So I just sat there for the last half hour of the ride, absolutely desperate to pee and feeling like I was going to wet my pants before we got back to the school. At that point, I was feeling beyond embarrassed — I was eighteen years old and I was about to accidentally wet my pants in public because I evidently wasn’t mature and responsible enough to go to the restroom when I needed to. (And as an adult, I guess I’m still not mature and responsible enough to go the restroom when I need to LOL.)

When we finally got back to the school parking lot, my pants were somehow still dry. But standing in the slow-moving line of people exiting the bus was just too much for me. I couldn’t hold it in anymore, and some pee spurted out into my pants. I stopped it pretty quickly, and it was already dark out and I was wearing dark jeans, so I don’t think anyone noticed. Instead of going into the school, I walked over to the edge of the parking lot (and had another little accident on the way) and peed on the grass. When I looked at my pants under a street light, I could definitely tell where the wet patch was, but since it was night and my pants were dark, I don’t think that anyone else noticed. When I got back home, I was able to run to straight to my room and change my jeans and underwear, so I think I totally got away with wetting my pants and having no one else find out. Until now.

*002*2020-01-05 17:24

{{6 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

It sounds like you were only minutes away from losing it! Do you have quite a small bladder?

}}

I honestly think my bladder is probably a little smaller than average. And you are right — I was only minutes (or less) away from having an all-out very public wetting accident.

