Cycling commute, wetting both rides, nearly orgasmic

Author: JetStreamPhoto

*000*2018-07-19 02:05

This came as quite a surprise to me. Decided to bike-to-work today and try out something I had never done before - pee my lycra shorts while cycling.

So, I started the morning with my usual: race to potty when I awoke because I was well hydrated the night before. Then refill with 2 pretty large cups of coffee (about 40ozs total). Then I filled my bike water bottle (about 28ozs.). [I woke at 5:45AM, drank those 2 coffees and was off to ride a little after 7:00AM.] As I was getting onto the bike, I was already at a 8+ on desperation scale and even had a small leak getting onto the bike.

My commute is over an hour by bike. As desperate as my bladder was at the start, I had no idea how long I might last. However, given my experience with moderate to high exercise levels (I jogged and peed yesterday), I knew it would distract me from peeing at the onset of the ride. What shocked me was how long it took for the overfull bladder to overcome my exercise muscles. It was around 25-30 minutes into the ride and only when I pedaled at a much slower pace did my pelvic area muscles relax enough to get a small stream started. I was so entirely uncomfortable from the full bladder and the position to ride a race-style road bike and the hard bike seat on my tailbone and the hike/bike pack I had strapped to my waist!

When my pee finally started to flow, the relief actually approached the feeling of orgasm. I was entirely surprised at how much relief from pressure combined with the soaking into my bike shorts, etc. gave me a near orgasmic feeling. My pee stream was only slow to moderate even though I so badly wanted to empty my bladder. The feeling of fullness was only notched down a tiny bit and for the next 4 or 5 minutes, I just had intermittent times when the pee would flow. It wasn't like I expected. After that 5 minute event, I still had half my ride in front of me (30+ minutes). And I just wished like hell that the feeling and event would repeat. It took until just 3-5 minutes from my workplace - and by now, I was not sure that I wanted fresh new pee on my bike shorts. But, what the hell, black lycra bike shorts hardly show a thing - so I finally got my second pee just moments before arriving at work.

I had to hold my biking bag with change of clothes and laptop computer in front of myself as I walked into the foyer of the office building. Then promptly went to the showers and cleaned up myself and the bike shorts and worked a typical business day.

Then, as the afternoon progressed, I really started loading back up on liquids. About 3PM, I had an espresso (Americano to be accurate) which was about 14oz. Then I filled my work water bottle and drank it twice (about 20ozs. each time). Then, I filled the larger bike water bottle just as I left the office around 4:45PM. Again, I was between 8 and 9 on the desperation scale so I figured I might make 5-10 minutes of cycling home before I started the re-wetting. But, once again, to my surprise, the pressure from the bike seat to my anus region, the posture of riding a bike, the belt of my bike/hike bag on my waist, and all ingredients were the same and it took roughly the same length of time to get my bladder to let any pee loose. But, once again, the feeling of utter relief, warm pee spreading into my entire crotch, etc. felt nearly orgasmic. I was euphoric for another 4-5 minutes while waves of low volume pee flowed into my shorts.

And, once again near the finish of the 1 hour and 5 minute cycling commute, I slowed down my pace letting my legs have just a bit more relaxation and, sure enough, my bladder finally pushed harder than my holding muscles and I let more pee flow just 3 blocks from home. I stopped the pee flow just enough to prevent a complete dripping stream on my legs as I cycled by some neighbors.

Finally, at home, I stripped off my biking shirt and just plopped directly into my small pool with the bike shorts on - after all, it was nearly 38C during my bike ride home.

*003*2018-07-19 03:59

{{Just now, BENAir01 said:

Sounds like one hell of an amazing part of your day.

}}

It was! There is another member here who posts videos of his cycling and wetting. Not sure if he feels same way or not. It is always possible that the newness of it made it feel so close to orgasmic. Perhaps it was pressure from bike seat and posture on my prostrate. But, whatever made the circumstances, I won't complain. It felt so amazing to get the flow going. Just wish it kept going.

*005*2018-07-19 04:11

{{2 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Actually, thats a bog problem I too have when biking. Something about the way Im sitting, the seat pushing up on me, and its especially difficult then trying to consentrate on riding and keeping straight and level, and nearly impossible when actually peddling. I dont mind it though because it means it stays more hidden as nothing drips.

}}

Since I learned that while jogging, I needed to slow my pace, let my muscles find a more optimal point of relaxing, not going at my *normal* speed, then I could get my holding muscles to relax sufficiently to start pee flowing - even though I was insanely desperate and bladder-full.

However, on the bike (today), I noticed that the challenge was even greater. Probably due to the posture and and bike seat pressure near my anus, and having to slow my cycling leg pace, only then did I achieve the same point of enough relaxing that my pee would start. And I really tried to keep the pedaling going - just slower - while peeing - I believe that prolonged the entire experience and I just continued with moans of pleasure on a country road that was so fantastic. As much as I expected to start streaming pee down my legs or out of my bike shorts - it didn't happen.

But, when I got home - I was just as full and desperate as when I started the cycling each direction. It was really FUN!

*008*2018-07-19 13:13

{{6 hours ago, ssjammerz said:

Hello! were you talking about me by any chance?

}}

Yup, I sure was. Perhaps it was one of your postings that led me down this (cycling) path ;)

Kev, perhaps you can try slowing your pedaling pace - on a flat or downhill stretch of the ride. I definitely needed to do this and I agree it was still very difficult even though I was absolutely bursting.

*009*2018-07-21 13:25

I had forgotten that I snapped a photo of my wet spot on cycling shorts when I arrived in the office. Sorry the photo is a bit blurry and not as high quality as most of my others. The wet patch is hard to make out - besides the shorts being black.

$$

