Remote work? (Wettings)

Author: ryry161989

*000*2022-02-28 21:51

How many people are still working from home these days? I haven’t seen many post if anybody has been taking advantage of indulging while on the computer(s)working away. Personally I’ve wet myself at least 2-3 times a week all day lol, anybody out there with any good stories, maybe wetting during zoom meetings (which I did today!) do people like to stay in wet underwear or any other details.

*001*2022-03-03 12:54

Lol of course not i was sitting on a towel but it was pretty fun knowing what was going on while in the middle of a meeting.

*003*2022-03-07 10:35

Great point I wouldn’t be surprised at all whether or not that is the case the people I work with are coffee enthusiast lol.

$$

*007*2022-03-28 20:28

{{On 3/7/2022 at 4:49 AM, Acura17 said:

I still work from home. I am very busy so I don't make a habit of pissing myself during the day, however if the moment is right....

Because this trend of working from home, I am now noticing rapid desperation during regular days. I cannot go more than an hour or two without urinating!

I think this because my bathroom is literally right next to me, I find myself going to the toilet twice as much as if I was in the office environment. Also, my kitchen is right there, so I can drink as much coffee, tea, and other things more often. In addition to this, there was a minimum of a one hour commute each way, where I had to hold my pee for at least that amount of time.

If my company had us go back, or if I found myself back in an office environment with a commute, I will seriously have to re-train my bladder!

}}

That really interesting b/c I’m in the same boat as yourself, I too have no limits on what I drink or eat at home but in office settings I eat and drink in very strategic way too avoid using public facilities.

The training of the bladder is going too be some what of an task b/c even at work you can’t be going to the bathroom twice every hour.

{{On 3/7/2022 at 7:24 AM, Mariner62 said:

Love these sweat pants. Just a small leak, but it shows up so well

Not sure at this point, if I will rewet during the day or change after completely wetting these

}}

Hahaha no point in changing unless you have company on the way.

