Pull ups + accidents while out on the town

Author: REDstoplight

*000*2019-08-27 17:48

This story is from a few months ago. I posted a holding challenge request here and had got some feedback. My whole idea was to wear a pull up on my drive home from my friends house But I was a little tipsy when I posted the request and then when I woke up, I just didn't feel well enough to do a hold. However, this story is of the night prior to what was going to be my holding challenge. It is still crazy to me that all this happened. I am very big on separating my diaper life, with my regular life. However, sometimes to urge is just too much.

Anyways, This whole trip was to go see a friend. This friend lives 4 hours away from me but we try to get together every couple months and hangout. Usually, we will sit around play video games, maybe go out to a bar and chill, just have a good time, catching up and such.

So I arrived at his place around 4:00pm that day. I had packed my pull ups with me, but did not wear them on the way down because I didn't want to smell, or have a leaking accident and have to change clothes or such. My friend......none of my friends, have any idea that I have a pee fetish, let alone, a fetish where I love wearing pull ups. In fact, I have always had a boundry around my fetish. Never around family, friends, or work. Therefore, I never wear around them or hold or anything. 

Anyways, we hangout for a bit at his apartment, playing video games, watching TV. I decided to have a few drinks of whiskey. Well.....as they say, alcohol can be known as "liquid courage". So Im feeling pretty good and we decide that we want to live the "old times" and go to downtown, get dinner, and go to a few bars/clubs. At this point, I had about 2 whiskey drinks and a lot of water to help combat any hangover I may get (Spoiler: it didn't work). So I had gone to the bathroom a lot and definitely already broken "the seal". Downtown is about 30 minutes, depending on traffic, from his apartment.

Now, I had already packed my pull ups and been excited about the drive home the next morning, and the ensuing hold or challenges, you all had given me. So combine with the excitement, the liquid courage of whiskey, and the 30 minute drive to downtown with no stops, after having already peed every 20 minutes, I decided I would sneak down to my car and get a pull up for the upcoming night out. I tell my friend that I have to go down to my car to get something, so I run down, grab a fresh Goodnite pull up out of my trunk and tuck it into the front of my pants.

I figure this is the best way to hide it until I can make it to the bathroom to fully change into it. I walk back upstairs and into the bathroom. My friend, none the wise. I take my pants and boxers off, and slide into the fresh pull up. I put my boxers back on and slide my jeans back up. I look in the mirror and make sure that the pull up isn't sticking out anywhere in the event my shirt rides up. Its not, but I do push the sides down on my pull up a little bit just to make sure. I take a deep breath, and go back into the living room.

I walk back into the living room as my friend is grabbing the keys to his car. We walk outside and head down to his car. We start the 30 minute drive into town, I had no need to pee at the time, as I had gone before putting my pull up, just to make sure I didn't get into a hold situation. I was brave at the time, but not so drunk or out of it, to not be aware of what I was doing and I wanted to make sure I still kept some of my boundries. Well, we drive for about 30 minutes, and are getting close to downtown. At this point, the need to pee had started to creep up on me again. We finally make it to downtown, its busy, and my need to pee is about a 7/10. Well, a Saturday night in downtown leaves hardly any parking. We drive around and around and around, looking for any parking spot where we don't have to walk 3 miles to any bar. This time driving around just hurts my need to pee even more.

Finally, I am around an 8.5/10 and realize we will have to walk at least a little ways to the bars. At this point, I decide my best option is to pee just a little bit to relieve some pressure and make sure I don't have an uncontrolled accident walking to the bars. So, I let my body go...….and nothing. I couldn't pee by just letting go. Maybe it was nervousness or maybe it was the fact of just sitting in a car made it hard to go. But I knew I had to let some go. I push my feet to the floorboard, rise up out of the sit a little (as much as I could without drawing suspicion from my friend) and push. Pee started to come out and the warmth started to fill the absorbent in my previously fresh pull up. I go for about 20 seconds and stop.

Luckily, I was able to stop easily and the relieve felt so good. The very front of my pull up was warm and stiff from the absorbent filling up with me pee. It was only a small portion of the pull up though, and I knew I had left enough room in my pull up incase an accident occurred later on. We find a parking spot and start walking to the bars. We make it to an irish pub and I duck into the bathroom to finally empty my bladder. The night goes on, I drink lots of water, a little more whiskey, and we hop from bar to bar. I occasianlly need to pee and will go just a tiny bit in my pull up (for the excitement) before I dash away to the bathroom to fully empty my bladder into the toilets.

After about 2 hours, we make it to a big bar/club. This club is packed and has 4 separate buildings, playing different kinds of music, that you can just walk in and out of. We hangout here, dance a little bit. I pee some while on the dance floor and pee alittle more while waiting in line for the bathrooms. After a while, we decide to leave and head back to his apartment. My pull up was maybe 1/3 full at the time. We get back to his apartment and start to put things away to go to bed. I had drank a ton of water and enough Whiskey to keep me pretty buzzed. I genuinely had a small fear that because of all I had drank, and that I had been letting some pee go into my pull up throughout the night that I was going to wet my bed in the middle of the night. I would not consider myself a bedwetter but have found that if I do holds and wear pull ups more then a day or two, I will end up wetting my bed on accident.

Whether I am wearing a pull up or not. My pull up is 1/3 full and I am really afraid of wetting my friends spare bed during the night. I debate what to do. Take my pull up off and sleep like regular in my boxers and risk wetting the bed, go down and get a fresh pull up and wear that for the night, or keep the one I have on and risk it leaking if I do actually have an accident. I ponder this for a time and cannot come up with a single excuse as to why I need to go back down to my car, or where to throw away the pull up I have on without my friend noticing. I make the decision, to wear my current, 1/3 full pull up for the night. Its a risk but it may be better than wearing boxers even just wetting the bed a little bit.

At least, this pull up will hold some pee in. My friends spare bed is actually in his main bedroom, in the opposite corner of his bed. Someway, somehow, thankfully, my friend decides to stay up later than me and watch YouTube. This gives me a chance to change into my night short and get in bed before he is ever in there. I crawl into bed and full fast asleep. Im asleep for maybe an hour when I wake up to go pee. No leaking in my pull up. I go to the bathroom, pee and while I am going back to the bedroom, I see that my friend has posted up shop on the couch for the night. 

Therefore, I have to whole bedroom to myself and don't have to worry about getting caught by accident. Liquid courage comes in as I make my way back into the bedroom. I decide, its more comfortable...and daring, to strip my shorts and boxers off and sleep in nothing but my pull up. I do that, I fall fast asleep. 1 hour later, I wake up to notice I have to pee. I am tired, turned on, so I let just a tiny bit of pee go into my pull up. I then get up and walk to the door.

I open the door to go down the hallway to the bathroom, where nothing but my pull up, and my friend 15 feet away sleeping on the couch. Disaster would strike if he ever saw me going to the bathroom or coming back from it. It would be the worst experience of my life, but I run to the bathroom anyways. I pee, and go back to bed. 2 hours later, I wake up again with the need to pee, this time, I notice that my pull up is a little more heavy and wet then the last time I woke up. I had wet my pull up on accident in my sleep just a little bit and it had woken me up. I go back to the bathroom, nothing but a pull up on again.

I make my way back to bed after my pee and sleep for another 3 hours. 3 hours later, and my bladder rings again. I had peed more in more pull up while I was sleeping, no leaks but It was getting full. It was about half full at this point and I started to worry. I hadn't wet much, but I had wet myself in my sleep twice now and my pull up was getting more full, I was getting scared of leaking. I had no choice but continued to wear it. I couldn't take it off. I had already had 2 accidents and there was no way I could randomly sneak out of my friends apartment in the middle of the night to go get a fresh pull up out of my car. Anyways, I go pee, come back to bed and fall back asleep.

Morning has finally arrived. I wake up with the need to pee pretty bad again. The sun is shining through the windows and I can tell my friend is awake in the living room moving about. I decide to lay there for a second and feel my pull up. To my shock, it is full. 100% full. Every but of absorbent from the front, all the way up the back is puffed out and wet. At some point during the night I had wet myself again. It must have been slow as my pull up absorbed very well, throughout the entire pull up and had not leaked at all. I knew though, that one little stream and it would leak. I slowly get out of bed, making sure I don't leak, put on boxers, sweatpants, and a shirt and go to the bathroom. I pee and inspect my pull up. 100% full. I think of what to do. I had sobered up some and was ready to go back to "normal" No pull up. But I had nowhere to throw it away.

I couldn't put it in the trash, my friend would obviously see it and knew that it was mine. I decided I had to keep wearing until I could get somewhere, away from his apartment, to change. I go back to the bedroom and grab all my stuff to leave. Luck has it, my friend had a class out of the next day that he wanted to get to early so he was leaving the same time I was. I was able to get out of there fairly quickly. maybe 10 minutes total. We walk down to our cars, I throw all my belongings into my car and walk over to say bye to my friend. As I walk over.....I start to leak. Very slowly and not noticeable but still leaking. I stay bye to my friend and tell him we must do this again..sooner rather than later.

All the while my pull up slowly leaks. He gets in his car, I get in mine. I sit down and immediately the pressure makes my pull up leak, big time. It wets the butt of my boxers, and my sweatpants. I feel my seat and noticed that is wet too. I start to panic. I don't want this to happen. I quickly put the car in reverse, back out of the parking spot, and drive off to anywhere I can change. I make it about a mile and find a chick fil a. I grab my shorts that I was suppose to wear the night prior and a fresh pull up. I run inside, change, then after putting wet clothes in the car, I go back inside to get breakfast. After that, I drive home, spending the time focusing on hydrating myself.

An hour into the drive, I decide to stop to get some water and Gatorade at a gas station. I wanted to hydrate myself and get over this hangover but I also wanted at least somewhat need to pee during the drive home so maybe I could hold or pee in my pull up. I stop at a gas station and start to walk in. The rope on my shorts are tied together but very loosely. As I walk in I start to feel my shorts slip down a little bit. Nothing major and I figure they are tied tight enough to where they wont fall down. I go up to the drinks and bend down to get some water, At this point I can tell my pull up is showing in the back as my shorts fall a bit more. Im not worried though. It really turns me on when I think someone can tell im wearing a pull up. Plus, its only me in the store, along with a 20-something cute cashier. I stand up, and go to the counter to pay from my drinks, never fixing my shorts.

I get to the counter and the cashier starts to ring up my drinks. She looks down towards my shorts and then looks up at me and says "umm, do you know your shorts are sagging?" all in a cute voice. I look down, see that my sweatshirt has risen up a little, my shorts sagging, and my still fresh pull up in plain view of her. I say "oops, sorry, thank you" As I pull my shorts up and sweatshirt down. She smirkes and says "its okay". She finishes ringing me up and while im waiting for my receipt I say "sorry, that's really embarrassing. Especially since I am wearing a pull up". She smiles and says "its okay". she pauses and then to my surprise comes back with "what happened to make you wear them"? I am stunned. I cant tell her the truth about my fetish.

So I say "oh, I just have stress incontinence, where when I have to pee, I only have a short amount of time to find a bathroom, and driving on the interstate, it can be hard to find a bathroom in time" This is somewhat true for me. After the night before I was worried about finding a bathroom if I got stuck in traffic. I always have this fear, actually. Even when I am not diapered and haven't been for months. Im always afraid ill wet my pants in traffic. Anyways, she smiles and says "its okay, its nothing to be embarrassed about, it happens to everyone". I say Thanks, grab my receipt and walk out. She watches me walk out and after the questioning, I wonder if she had some pee or diaper fetish too. It would have been risky, but I kind of regret not talking about it more with her. She was attractive for sure, and I have never met anyone with my same fetishes. It would have been really cool to meet another like-minded person, in-person.

Anyways, I drive home, nothing more exciting happens.

I still to this day, months later, cannot believe I did all this. I still have the family, friends, work boundry. But, that experience was crazy. I loved it. I love looking back on it. It turns me on more and more everyday thinking about. I don't know how I can top all that. But who knows, maybe one day I will.

Cheers folks, I hope you liked this.

Thanks!

