Long distance walker, who also is into omorashi

Author: shywewe

*000*2016-05-28 14:57

I am someone who regularly walks long distances to keep in shape. By long distances, I mean 20 to 30 or more kilometres at a time. When I walk these long distances, I know that I need to remain well hydrated to remain healthy. Unfortunately, in the winter I have to find restrooms along the way, as I do not want to wet my pants when it is cold. In a northern climate, it can regularly get to -15 to -20C. In those temperatures, wetting ones pants outside is not pleasant. However, in the summer that is a whole different story :)

When I walk in the summer, I generally consume 2 to 3L of water. We all know what happens when you drink that much liquid over the course of a couple of hours. Since, I am into peeing my pants, it is a great excuse to find relief without worrying about getting an indecent exposure ticket :) Normally, when I walk I take an extra pair of black nylon pants to put over my wet jeans to hide the evidence. However, there are times that I get a thrill to pee my pants where I will be noticed.

Normally, if I want to wet my pants in public, I usually wait until I get into the inner city. First, if one wets there pants in the inner city most people will not even notice as it is common for the street people to have wet themselves. In that way, I kind of blend in. If I plan on wetting myself, I wait until I find a group of people that are usually under the influence of alcohol or drugs. I am careful to keep my distance, as these people can be unpredictable. I will then just stand near them, and just pee my pants. 

Most times they do not even notice that I have peed my pants, and on a few occassions I have seen them get up with a wet crotch themselves. There have also been a few occasions that I have talked with the street people and pee is still running down my leg. Once, I have pissed myself, I usually put on my black nylon pants to continue my walk through the rest of the city. With the black pants on I can continue to piss my pants as the 3L of water is drained from my bladder. There are times that I will be standing on a corner with pee running out the bottom of my pants, and I will be leaving foot prints as I walk. I am sure that very few people even notice the evidence shall we say.

If I am wetting myself in the inner city, I do not want to video what I am doing, I have to becareful as to not show my phone, lest I risk being mugged. I will usually wait until the coast is clear, then try and grab a few quick pictures. When I get home, I will use my good camera to document the carnage before I have a shower to get cleaned up :)

I am attaching two different sets of pictures. The first two pictures are when I was wearing a pair of brown nylon pants. On that occasion I did not cover then up with the black pants, I just wet them as I walked through the city. The second set of pictures, I had on a pair of jeans. Those I wet in a downtown park and took a picture with my phone while they were still shiny. I then took the rest of the pictures when I got home before I rinsed out my jeans.

Hope you enjoy, the pictures. As it is now summer, there will be more where those came from. Thanks.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

