More early experiences

Author: Toady567

*000*2017-07-23 16:20

More of my early experiences involve my friend Mark. After the snow fort incident, he wet himself in front of me a few times. That spring we were sting on a bench facing each other. I brought up the snow fort incident and said, "I bet you don't dare to do that again."

Mark smirked and spread his legs. He started peeing in his pants right there. I was so close that I could hear it hissing into his pants. I was fascinated with watching the pee stain grow. His bum was soaked. We laughed.

Another time we were in the woods and he said he had to pee. I told him to do it in his pants. He stopped and spread his legs apart. "Give me a sec," he said.

"I'm waiting," I said.

"Why don't you pee in your pants?" asked Mark.

"I will but you go first," I lied.

"Okay," he said. "Here it comes."

He peed a little spurt and then stopped. The front of his crotch was damp but the pee wasn't streaming down his legs.

"Is that it? I thought you had to go?" I said.

"I'm trying," he said. "You go."

I spread my legs and tried to relax. I couldn't go though.

"I can't," I said.

"Here it goes," he said as he finished pissing his pants. There were some nice streams down his legs.

A couple of hours later, he showed me his pee stained undies and they smell so good!

*003*2017-07-24 13:29

{{17 hours ago, trackboy said:

Did you and him ever drink a lot of water or pop so you and him could wet yourselves????

}}

I was pee shy back then.. nothing would work but a forced stream. I've never been big on forcing the pee out... it's not as fun!

*004*2017-07-24 13:31

{{14 hours ago, verb8im said:

Another awesome story! Did his parents ever catch him?

}}

Mark peed his pants quite a few times around me. Unfortunately I don't remember details of all of them or I'd write about it. I do recall that he said his parents were getting mad at him for the wetting. It didn't stop him.

*006*2017-07-26 13:14

No because I was pee shy for peeing in my pants. I could go normal style no problem. I t took me a long time to be able to wet myself like I was taking a leak in the toilet.

*008*2017-07-27 12:18

{{13 hours ago, trackboy said:

You able to pee your pants or shorts pretty easily now???

}}

Yes!!! I stopped peeing in my pants after high school for 5 years (more or less). Then I discovered omo was a fetish thanks to the internet and I wasn't the only one into this so I started doing it again. At first I was pee shy but then I learned how to relax. Now I can let go and really flood my pants!

*010*2017-07-28 13:03

{{18 hours ago, trackboy said:

Awesome. how you like feeling pants getting wet?? like it best with really tight jeans??? Pee in shorts too??? How you like the feeling of your bladder getting really full??? Class mates were impressed that I did not pee all day at school then held it for weightlifting and sports after school. Do you like stopping and starting over and over when peeing your pants???

}}

I love a full bladder. I prefer to be squirming before drenching my pants with hot piss. Tight jeans are better than loose jeans because they look so good soaked. I love the feeling of relief as I piss myself and feeling the tight denim cling to my legs. The smell of pee makes me horny too. I used to have some denim shorts that were great for wetting. What I used to do was squat in the shower and bring the full length mirror in with me. I'd squat over the drain and set the mirror up on the other side so it didn't get pee on it. Then I'd watch my crotch as I pissed in those shorts. Squatting would allow my butt to get soaked. I loved seeing the pee stains up on my back pockets.

Sometimes I just wet my boxer briefs. I like touching myself as I pee. That helps stop the flow for a second or two while I'm being naughty. I used to chat with an online friend while wetting myself. If she only wanted me to release a little then I would. Those kinda games are fun!

