Team Rocket's desperate walk and wetting

Author: TJC

*000*2019-03-12 02:48

I had an idea earlier on today, a desperate walk. First i drank about 2 litres of water. As i finished this i went to the bathroom to pee and poo. Most of the water hadn't made its way through me yet. I then drank about another litre and headed out for my walk. I brought 600 ml of water with me.

I started my walk at around 8:10 P.M. At first i felt some water in my stomach but nothing really in my bladder. I set out walking and smoked as i walked. The side walks were full of snow so i was worried about how the bumpiness would affect my bladder as it got fuller. I never took this route in its entirety before, but i took parts of it so i knew about how long it would take.

At around 8:40 i began feeling it in my bladder. It wasn't serious but since i was at around the halfway point i knew things would get pretty bad.

At around 9:05 i finished drinking my water and that's when i really started to feel it. I was desperate! I felt every bump as i stepped through the snow. I walked home and arrived at 9:20. When i got home i drank a bit more water and and held until around 9:40. At this point i was barely able to hold it, plus i also needed to poo as well.

At that point i went to the bathroom to poop and then wet myself. I have included a picture of my soaked boxers and a link to the wetting video.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/5524-team-rocket-wets-himself/?do=embed"

$$

