Tied-up, tormented, and bursting to pee!

Author: LilyBgirl

*000*2021-03-05 21:40

I've told this experience in three parts. I've tried to keep the writing a reasonable length while keeping a good amount of detail. The experience starts as I am out drinking with a few friends after work. This was part planned/part improvised on the day so i hope you enjoy...

Part 1 :

The time was around 9pm and I was due to head home in about an hour's time. My boyfriend had text me telling me i could have no more toilet trips until I got home. This would allow for me not to be in too much agony while i was out, but to hopefully arrive home suitably desperate. As people were heading home, the girls who had agreed to stay a bit longer were making the most of it. Stacy, my team leader, had ordered a generous amount of drinks: we each had 3 large vodka & cokes and a pitcher between us. Despite having only just used the toilet, I had begun to feel the need to go again (as often the case when drinking!). But as i would be home in just over an hour, that was out of the question. As 10pm closed in, I was beginning to feel really desperate.

I wasn't worried about wetting yet, but I had squeeze my thighs together and discreetly rub my aching bladder from time to time. I was wearing sexy pink underwear - ready to be shown off upon returning home - and i had to keep them absolutely dry until I got home. By the time we had left the bar - 10:15 - and waited for taxis, I had become much more desperate. My bladder felt so heavy and pushed relentlessly against my aching pee hole. I was still confident I would make it home dry. I could hold a good amount of liquid when i needed to, but my hand was now permenantly clamped on my pee hole to stop any pee escaping. I think the taxi driver noticed but i kept my head down and focused on not letting any of the building liquid inside my bladder from escaping. I had to keep my pink panties dry for now!

Part 2 -

I arrived home at about 10:45. I had kept my panties dry but i was really bursting now. I had not yet wet my new pink panties so I wanted to hold out as long as possible. My boyfriend greeted me at the door and asked if i had managed to hold all my pee. I nodded, but told him that i'd been dying to go for over an hour. He complimented me for keeping my new panties completely dry for this long but then added:

"We planned a fun night so i'm not letting you go yet. You'll just have to keep holding"

I was so desperate now but i was also really drunk and horny; so I agreed, resigning my cute panties to their fate. My boyfriend told me to take my clothes off leaving my underwear. This took longer than normal as I had too be careful not to let the dam burst. Plus i wanted to do my new panties justice and hold my aching bladder as long as possible. We went into the bedroom. My boyfriend already had our restraints ready. In my desperate state, I was powerless to resist as he tied my limbs to the bed. Now I couldn't even hold myself! The urge to piss myself was becoming overwhelming but i kept holding. MY boyfriend had a huge bulge in his trousers as he watched me wiggle and squirm, desperately trying for as long as possible to keep my new panties dry.

I begged and pleaded for my boyfriend to take mercy, but I knew i would have no luck tonight. I could only close my eyes, scrunch my toes, and try to keep him waiting as long as I could. It was now 11:20 and i had managed to stay dry another 20 minutes through sheer will. However, I must have looked a trembling mess the whole time. I had been moaning and squirming for 20 minutes now. My bladder was now a balloon and like a balloon it was ready to burst at the slightest touch. My boyfriend has a foot fetish, so I begged him to let me go for a footjob. He refused. I was done. I had my eyes closed and i could only focus on how much pee I was holding inside me .

Part 3 -

There was still a huge bulge in my boyfriend's trousers and he was clearly ready to see me humiliate myself. I was clearly ready to explode. I had been beyond my limit now for half an hour and a flood of pee was ready to cascade into my somehow still dry panties. My boyfriend slipped my white ankle socks off revealing my soft, size 7 feet. I scrunched my toes in fear of what was to come. My boyfriend lightly scraped his nails down my vulnerable soles. I could take no more. A huge leak escaped, shooting out like a jet spray. I regained control but the leak had escaped with such intensity that my panties were now soaked.

It already looked as if i had fully pissed myself and i had only let out a leak! My boyfriend then slowly positioned himself on top of me and sat on my still bulging bladder. I let out a massive moan as hours of alcohol-fueled pee escaped my exhausted bladder. I was completely helpless. Pee gushed out into my already soaked pantied. Now they were truly drenched. I peed for what seemed like minuted. I was extremely relieved to pee out the never-ending liquid, despite being humiliated at the hands of my boyfriend. I lay with my eyes closed as the stream came to an end. My boyfriend untied me and removed my wet panties. I lay there naked, relieved, yet dominated. He was amazed by how much pee I had been holding. But hopefully it was a worthy wetting for my new panties?

