(Female) Saturday Adventure...

Author: MsV

*000*2019-12-09 13:24

A couple of weekends ago, I was out for dinner with friends. It wasn't especially fancy, just a casual catchup in a pub on a Saturday, before everywhere went crazy with Christmas parties.

Once we'd sat down, the the person to my left asked me what I'd been up that day. I replied, with all the nonchalance I could, that I'd not done very much, really, just run a few errands, you know, been to the gym.

Yep, here I am, bragging about exercise on the internet. But hear me out..

Firstly, I am not a regular gym goer. I go there so infrequently that when I do, I have to write my access code down on the back of my hand.

Secondly, I've spent a while deciding which experience to share first. I've always enjoyed exploring desperation, and all the rest, and I've written a few of my experiments down, over time, and more so this past year. Having decided to take the plunge and share some of them, I was in a real bind as to what to begin with. Something typical? Daring? Formative, revelatory? Trapped by indecision, I decided to keep it simple : I'd share my most recent one.

The drawback is , apart from making me sound like a smug gym goer, it also makes me sound a lot more daring and transgressive than I really am. The story itself is quite embarrassing for me, but that seems to be part of this whole thing, sometimes. So anyway, it's an outlier, but it was fun, in the end, and I've resolved to just go with it.

As I say, I'm not exactly a regular at my gym. I'd been doing a little (very slow) running over summer and I'd felt better for it, and as things got colder and darker, and my enthusiasm for hitting the pavements quickly shrank, I resolved to try and use the gym more, instead, over winter. I liked being outdoors in the summer, but I've always found gyms a little dull by comparison, something of a chore.

On Friday I had a couple of drinks after work, before the train home. I pulled my usual trick of skipping the loo trip before heading to the station, and the journey home felt slow. I was twitchy, distracted, a little throbby. The jolts of the train as it dragged its way to my stop were unpleasant, and I found myself clenching in anticipation every time it rounded a bend, or pulled in to a station. I power walked home, via the shop for wine and pizza, and after a sweary fumble with my keys at the door (I managed not to leak, but I was certainly shaky) I thundered through the house to the bathroom, where I gasped with relief, peeing before I'd even say down properly.

Waiting for the oven to heat up, I decided I would definitely make tomorrow my first gym day of the winter. I set an alarm on my phone, and settled in for a lazy evening.

When my alarm went the next day I was less than happy. I dragged myself up, had a lazy breakfast , fresh coffee, and listened to a record. It was a dreary drizzly day, and I was reluctant to leave the warmth of my dressing gown and get moving. Eventually, realising it was getting close to lunchtime (I can't concentrate on anything when I'm hungry), I resolved to get moving. I showered, used the bathroom like a sensible person, and began to get my things ready. I was feeling a little sluggish, and procrastinating, perhaps, I allowed myself a big mug of tea while I packed my bag.

Making tea, I realised I didn't have much by way of lunch in the house, and I debated delaying my trip in order to buy some supplies. But I knew I was making excuses, so I decided to head to the shops after my session, reward myself with something good. That meant I'd prefer to shower at the gym (I get really self-conscious at the idea of meeting people I know when I'm a sweaty mess. It's silly, I know – there's nothing wrong with fresh sweat, and I never mind it on others, but what can I say?) So I packed a towel, a change of clothes, and all the bits. I decided I'd tie my hair up, have a quick shower there, and wash my hair properly when I got back.

Having packed my things, I dug out a water bottle, filled it up. I remembered you're supposed to be hydrated before exercise, and my diet of coffee and tea so far probably wasn't ideal, so I forced myself to drink - slowly- a whole bottle before I went out, then refilled it and promised myself I'd sip more on the way there.

As I was putting my trainers on I felt a bit of an urge to pee, but I decided to skip it, and in fact, I was determined to not go until after my workout. I like to add tension to boring jobs, so I'd decided to reward myself with the thrill of release once I'd finished my session.

I walked purposefullly up the slight hill to the gym, feeling pleased that I'd managed to overcome my cozy Saturday vibe and get out there. I was about halfway there when I remembered I was supposed to be hydrating. The bottle was in my bag, and I waited until I reached a quite spot to dig it out, took a few quick slurps. I also fussed around a bit with my clothes. I'd worn these leggings quite a bit to run, and they were always pretty comfy, but they seemed to be rubbing a little on the hips. Nothing too bad. Perhaps they'd shrunk in the wash, or my hips had grown a little, but I had to kind of tug the waistband to get them comfortable, and the fabric gave my bladder a gentle squeeze as I did so, and seemed to keep on doing it as I finished my walk to the gym.

Once I got there, typed my little code in, and crossed the floor trying to look purposeful and chilled, I put my stuff in a locker, put my headphones in, and went out to the cardio floor. Gyms are like supermarkets – they always seem to rearrange everything to confuse poor me whenever I go. But the water fountains were in the same place, at least, and I topped up my bottle before starting on a cross-trainer.

I was enjoying the rhythm of the machine, and actually, the smooth back and forth was almost soothing on a slightly nagging bladder. I kept sipping every few minutes, allowing myself to think a little about the release I'd promised myself later.

About half way through my time on the cross-trainer my wardrobe issues resurfaced. There was a bit of a rubbing feeling on the top of my hips, and he motion was definitely making it worse. I tugged at my leggings to try and sort it out as I went, but the rubbing was a bit distracting, so eventually I paused the machine and got off. Under the pretence of some stretching, I snuck a thumb under the waistband to try and see what was going on. Even from a quick prod, it was clear what had happened. My leggings seemed fine, but somehow the sides of my panties were kind of rolling down a little, and the creases were rubbing my skin as I moved. I gave a quick glance around me before hiking my knickers and my leggings up higher, hoping they'd behave better under tension.

My undignified intervention seemed to have helped, and I finished my time on the cross-trainer, gave myself a quick water break, stretched and went over to the treadmills. I picked one on the end of the row, no mirror (does anyone actually like the mirrors?) but a bit of a view over the train tracks from the small high window, instead.

I popped my water bottle in the holder and started a walking warmup while I sorted out my music. As I picked up pace, the up and down thud on my bladder got more intense, and I felt a kind of vague, dull, not-quite aching tension spread with each step. Between that and the slow pace I was quite calm, unaware of the room around me, just feeling the waves spread, and I remember thinking how pleasant it was to add some desperation to something I normally find a little dull.

But sure enough my kit problems came back to burst my little bubble. I could feel the elastic sliding down my hip, and a quick, furtive yank on succeeded only in giving me a whole other kind of discomfort from the fabric being pulled too tight. I was quite grumpy, now, and blushing a bit at the constant adjustments I was having to make. I decided to go and sort things out a bit more thoroughly, slowed my run to a stop, and took myself off the changing rooms. I sipped impatiently at my bottle as I went, trying to look composed, sorted, not like the kind of amateur who is derailed by some minor clothing dramas.

I felt a little too self-conscious to start rearranging things as required in the middle of the changing room, so I took myself off to a toilet cubicle to sort things. I felt around a bit. I'd got the worst of both worlds, going on – rolled down and rubbing on my hips, yanked far to tight across the back. Ugh.

Fun fact: I've never actually used the toilets at the gym. That didn't stop my body from deciding now was a perfect time to relieve myself, thank you, and I took a deep breath and made myself settle in to one of those 'Not now' holding clenches. Things got worse of course when I pulled my leggings to my knees, then my knickers, the little trigger motions meaning I had to focus really hard on not letting for for a few seconds before rearranging everything satisfactorily.

My skin was a bit upset by all the rubbing and yanking, and I resolved to throw out these old pants as soon as I got the chance. They'd served me well for years, and they were a bit faded and stretched and so soooo soft. They lived in the back of the drawer, in the 'comfy, but not for public display' category. You know the one I mean. Anyway, when running I usually grabbed something from back there and I'd done the same this morning, but it seemed the pair I'd picked had given up, elastic- wise, and with tight leggings and lots of movement they'd transformed from reliable old companion to torture instrument quite rapidly. 

I was so annoyed at the chafing and the need to stop every so often that I seriously considered chucking them right then. I wasn't brave enough to go out there again without any on, but I had a pair for later in my bag....but if I did that, I'd have nothing clean, and it feels weird having a shower and putting old clothes on. And no, I was not going without while I did my shopping : I was not in that kind of mood, today, at least.

So, adjustments made, I went back out, determined to finish, my bladder protesting at the missed opportunity for a mid-session release. I got back on the treadmill, thinking longingly of my reward once I'd finished.

I let my mind torture me with that prospect for a while, and thought back to a few particularly cathartic releases I'd had over the summer. The ones I was thinking most of involved flooding clothes, for some reason, and if that was the mood I was in....

I ran through some options. I could add on some extra time, make myself wait until I was home, and flood before washing my hair. I could even be fully clothed. I was sure I'd make it but I might not enjoy the last part, shopping, given how my bladder was twitching a little with every stride now. I'd maybe be a little tense, grit my teeth a bit. And I always run in to someone at that supermarket on a Saturday, and I'm sure they'd think me rude or weird for looking so twitchy. So, I didn't fancy that...

The fabric under my leggings was shifting again, nagging at my hips, and honestly, I was just about done with the whole experience now. I was impatient and hot and I needed to pee and I hated hated hated these knickers.

So, I resolved. I slowed my run to the cooldown section, making sure I did every last second, enjoying and resenting the rising pressure on my bladder, the warm buzz. I got off the treadmill, gave my clothes a last, furtive tug back in to place, and stretched.

I finished my water on the way back to the changing room, and remembered to refill it. The water fountains are always so slow at this place, and it felt like it took five minutes to fill the bottle again. I was a bit desperate, but in control, holding my legs quite tight together. My puffy breathing after my run seemed to be pushing my bladder up and down a bit roughly, and I was a bit stiff and unnatural as I went towards the changing rooms. I saw my cheeks flushed in a mirror as I went past. That's one thing I'll say for gyms – no-one can tell if you're flushed with excitement, or just working hard. I was definitely both.

I got my things from the locker and grabbed the towel, bodywash and had another sip of cool water while I had a quick glance around. Quite a few showers free, and no-one waiting. I rushed myself out of my kit and popped the towel round me. And instead of slipping my knickers off, I left the vicious, untrustworthy things on underneath the towel and headed for the shower.

I hung my towel up on the hook and darted through the door to the stall, blushing that someone would notice me improperly dressed. I locked the door, took a deep breath.

The floor was so cold on my feet, and somehow that made me tense up, made my bladder throb more. And that may or may not have been because I had previously 'multitasked' during my previous visits to the showers here, and my bladder might or might not have taken me entering the stall as a cue that relief was on the way.

I composed myself, got control of my body for a bit, and took stock. I was still breathing a unevenly after the treadmill, and I heard my breathing off the walls of the cubicle.. Was I really going to? No one could see my attire through the door, but it was oddly quiet, away from the sinks and lockers, and I wasn't thrilled at the idea of being overheard. I adjusted the loose waistband of my underwear again, felt the hot angry creases on my hips where they had dug in. While I was gathering my courage, the throb in my bladder started to get more regular, sharper, and I was finding holding more of a conscious effort. I heard someone start up a hair dryer. That was my cue. Perfect cover.

I slipped a hand between my legs, imagined the warmth spreading over my fingers, the fabric getting heavier, starting to cling. But stage fright had me firmly, and I was both desperate, and frustrated at my inability to unlock and just let it happen. Maybe I should just go later? The idea made me shiver a little, nervous, impatient.

The hair dryer cut out, and I felt a little silly, stood the small stall in my baggy, faded knickers. I imagined how silly I'd look to someone, and I hugged an arm over my chest, double checked the lock. It was fine, but I could hear steps outside, a sort of shuffling gliding walk. The mystery shuffler took a stall a way down from me and spent no time at all getting the water going. I wondered if they were sneakily letting go, under the water. That seemed to help, that and the sound, and a pressed my legs together and felt a few tentative drips, the warmth just touching my inner things. I sighed, cover my mouth with the arm I had clutched over my chest, and gradually unwound myself, letting myself just go, feeling the fabric spread the warmth all around me, the slow, constant stream down the inside of my legs, the warmth around my toes. I made a small, soft noise into the palm of my hand, felt I was smiling, grinning even at the folly and transgression and the relief of it.

And I was done, and they were soaked ,and I felt that lightness of breath, that rush from being relieved. I almost giggled at how naught I'd been. I felt the damage a little, wished, for once , for a mirror, and then got back in a sensible mode, stripped off the soaking cotton, popped them on the shelf next to my bodywash, and showered. I actually felt a bit guilty about chucking them away in this state, so I rinsed them out under the shower a few times, wringing them dry. I got my towel on, balled up my destroyed old underwear tightly in my hand, and minced guiltily from the shower to the sinks, pretending to check my hair while I dropped them in the bin near the counter.

I changed, reveling in a dry, comfortable pair of underwear, and took myself off to the shops for my reward, before heading home to wash my hair and replay my little adventure in my head in a more leisurely way.....

*003*2019-12-10 17:10

I'm glad you enjoyed it, it was a bit nerve-wracking putting it out there, as it were. Thank you both!

