Desperate plane rides

Author: Ethi

*000*2022-07-15 07:47

This is just a story of what happened nearly a week ago when traveling across the country, so beware its long! So if you dont wanna read, tap off!

For convenience I will cut out day 1 of this trip, nothing interesting.

Day 2 of flying across the country, I had a total of 6 hours of flying ahead of me, 2 planes, the first one was 5 hours and the other was only 1, wasn't too bad.. right?

I woke up EXTREMELY early to get to the airport, I maybe only got 2.5 hours of sleep because I don't sleep well in hotel rooms, so I managed to get a little sleep that night..

I gather up all my stuff early, head down to the bottom of the hotel and sign out, I stand outside waiting patiently for my shuttle bus, I didn't use the bathroom but I did before I tried going to sleep initially, so at this point I had gone 5 hours ago really and had absolutely no need to go, so I was fine.

It was a short ride to the airport, go through security and the whole system you know, usual airport stuff..

So now I have to wait 2 hours for my plane which fortunately is on time sooo what now? Well now I decided it would be a good time to relieve my bladder, I felt a slight urge and it was time for breakfast so I might aswell? I make sure the airport bathroom is clean and THANK GOD it was.. I hop in a stall, close the door and use the toilet like a urinal.

I RARELY use public washrooms if it's an absolute emergency I will but if I can avoid it I will, like I remember going my last 3 years in highschool without entering a bathroom again, I just refused, so remember this for later.

After emptying my bladder I look around for something to eat, fortunately there was a smoothie shop called booster juice, not sure if you've heard of it but it was very tasty!

I get the largest size smoothie and when I get it I begin sipping, it was really liquidy almost and had nearly no smoothie like texture, otherwise still good and I drank it all!

I wasn't hungry afterwards but still tired so ontop of that smoothie it was time for a coffee.. I get a medium coffee from a little shop in the airport, sit down for the next 2 hours and down the entire cup before my plane arrives.

So 2 hours later I board the plane, nothing interesting and new.. takeoff was fine and I felt good, but I was still very tired from barely getting any sleep, so I turn my head over and lean against the wall of the plane, falling asleep very quickly.

I wake up 2 hours later and feel a pain in my gut, I groaned and held my stomach and as my body began to wake up I felt it was my bladder..

I remember groaning and moving around like crazy to try and get as comfortable as possible.. my seatbelt was still on and absolutely crushing my poor bladder so I unbuckled it.. I turned around and looked to see if there was a line for the bathroom and there wasn't. The person sitting next to me notices and goes.

"Looking for the bathroom?" And I reply with.

"Nono.. just looking around!" So now I basically felt I locked in the fact that I didn't need to go for a pee, when my bladder was aching.. why is my bladder so small? I don't understand but I can push out a lot

I mangage to sit.. sort of still for the next hour, but it was absolute torture holding onto my bladder for so long and I decided I needed to relieve myself... there was no way I was waiting longer.. but the worst thing ever comes on the microphone.

"All passengers we will be passing through an area of turbulence we advice returning to your seat and refrain from using the washroom, thank you!"

So... great, now I was bound to me seat because of turbulence, how could this get any worse?

So this turbulence goes for 1 FUCKING HOUR sloshing my bladder around and making me feel sick, my heart rate through the roof because I'm nervous I'm going to pee myself..

As the last 30 minutes close in.. I hold my crotch and whine a little, fortunately the plane was loud where I was.. next to the wing (so also the engines) and I couldn't be heard because nobody reacted.

So with 30 minutes left we are approaching our decent, so we go down and my bladder is just ACHING I want to pee myself at this moment to get it all over with.. but that would be absolutely humiliating, especially because I was wearing blue jeans.

I am also traveling with my family, and I heard my father turn over and say to me.

"Our plane is already landed and boarding down at the airport, we need to.. book it when we land" and this made me panic.. so now I had absolutely no time AT ALL at the airport to pee.. wonderful! How fucking great. So while I'm holding on for dear life, my poor aching bladder begging for release, we land and then I BOLT to the bathroom, but turn around checking to see if my plane was really boaring, fortunately for me the bathroom was almost instantly as I got in the airport and to the right and the other gate for boarding my next plane was directly across..

I run over and thank GOD the plane was late getting there, now was my time to finally pee..

I go over to the washroom and there is a MASSIVE lineup all the way out because someone flooded the stall.. water was everywhere on the floor.. it was so gross. I couldn't be in there any longer so I left and went back in line.. I waited 20 more minutes for this plane while doing a discreet pee dance, wiggling my legs and moving my hips like I was sort of dancing on the spot..

So we board this plane and it takes off and it's literally exactly one hour.. at this point, out of 10 my bladder was about a 9.2 or something and I was on the verge of exploding.. my bladder bulge was ginormous and I remember groaning and squirming in the plane, feeling my heart beat incredibly fast and wanting to piss.. the plane seatbelts NOT HELPING!!

After the flight we land and we're all waiting to get off.. I was tempted to take a massive risk and see if letting out a little spurt would result in an accident, I never went through with this but I wanted too so bad..

We all disembark and I speedwalk off the plane, hug my family and excuse myself for a pee..

I went to the bathroom.. found the stall and closed it behind me, feeling myself just wanting to let go at the sight of this toilet.. I fiddle with my belt as I stare into the water and then I get myself ready and..

Euphoria runs over me.. I point myself down into the toilet bowl as it sprays out, splashing right into the water, usually I try to guide it onto the side to make it quieter and to see if I can eradicate any shit stains but I didn't care... I felt my legs tremble a bit and I squatted down, cooling my head back and gasping.. it was the best relief ever..

After letting out a full force stream for about a minute I kneel down.. (yes I know.. gross) and sigh in relief.. bare ass nearly sitting on the floor but I didn't care.. I pull my pants up, do up my belt, wash and hands and now here I am! Enjoying my amazing vacation! And in 9 days well.. I have to go on the same planes again

Hope you enjoy! No wetting just desperation

Someone should be my new omo buddy.. Nah jk I already have one

