Embarrassing wet and mess

Author: Alias Unknown

*000*2022-01-22 22:49

Hello again, fair warning this includes messing.

Today I went out on my walk as usual to a trail behind my apartment complex. It was cold but not like freezing. I was wearing a t shirt and blue jacket/hoodie thing with blue jeans and boots. I went out and did the usual walk past the park and a small little lake with adorable ducks before getting into the more wooded area. I stopped to rest a bit and felt my bladder pulse as I hadn’t peed yet. I didn’t actually plan on wetting myself but after I felt it I decided why not and went into the foresty area of the trail and let the pee flow. It was decently early so i was essentially alone so I just let all my piss out. My jeans were pretty obviously soaked and after I was done I began my walk home which is always my favorite part.

I love the feeling of being in wet pants, anyways i got back to the pond and passed a few runners but they looked too busy and focused to even notice. As I got closee to the end of the trail towards my home I felt my stomach gurgle a bit and I knew I had to poo since the past day. I thought that it would be awesome to mess my pants as I hadn’t done that in a while so I moved off the trail and pushed for a bit before a mushy semisolid load about the size of a tennis ball made its way into my panties. I then walked back to my apartment although im pretty sure someone saw me on my way in. Once I got back I did some “extra curricular lewd activities” before showering and continuing my day.

Another entry of my life with these kinks lol. A bit of a boring event nonetheless I dont think im allowed to post my more adventurous events here but I hope its enjoyable to read nonetheless

