Innocent holding contest turned into wetting

Author: RandomWetName

*000*2018-04-10 21:01

So usually I just lurk around on this site, occasionally posting on existing topics, but I never made my own. Until now. I gathered my courage and decided to share an experience with you guys. I got in contact with a guy my age (both 22), and during a conversation he mentioned having to pee, so I challenged him to an innocent little holding contest. I've done those before with other people, and usually I win, though this time it turned out slightly different.

Instead of describing the experience, I figured I showed you the chat history. The following takes place over a course of 2,5 hours. I hope you enjoy reading how this holding contest turned out. :)

Him: Need to pee now lol

Me: Me too, little bit. How bad do you need to go on scale from 1 to 10?

Him: 6

Me: I am on a 5. Can feel the need to pee but not very urgent. Wanna see who can hold the longest? ;)

Him: Sure

Me: I am at a disadvantage as I am having a drink right now lol

Him: Im playing video games and my bathroom is right next to me

Me: Well I hope your games don't have a pause button ;)

Him: Lol they do its how im messaging you

Me: ah right, of course. lol How far will you go with our holding contest. Hopefully until you wet ;)

Him: Hope so. You plan on wetting?

Me: Don't think I am in the opportunity to wet myself right now. But I will take it far enough until I start leaking before I go. Don't wanna lose our holding contest

Him: I hope you wet ;)

Me: I bet you do lol. Do you have a strong bladder?

Him: I think so wbu?

Me: I think my bladder is fairly strong. I can usually hold quite long

Him: Mmm nice

Me: Will be interesting to see who breaks first. Either by wetting or using bathroom

Him: Ikr

Me: Well, I am a 6 now too

Him: Keep it up ;)

Me: Should we agree to both take a glass of water after a set period of time? To increase both our needs

Him: I just had a drink. So drink now

Me: Okay I will.

Me: I did. How are you holding up?

Him: Still like 6

Me: If I may ask, what are you wearing atm?

Him: Cargo shorts

Me: Those are fun to wet :P

Him: Ikr?

Me: I am wearing trackpants and boxerbriefs

Him: Also fun to wet

Me: When should we take our next drink?

Him: 10 minutes?

Me: Alright. In 10 minutes we both take our next drink

Him: K

Me: I just had another drink

Him: I drank too. At 7

Me: Same here... Lets both take 2 drinks in 10 minutes, shall we?

Him: Deal

Me: Bladder is starting to hurt a little xP

Him: Im good

Me: Well I do not intend to give up so gotta conitnue holding

Him: Likewise

Me: Time to drink my 2 glasses of water..

Him: Same. How you holding up?

Me: There. Finished the second glass of water. I can definitely feel my swollen bladder now. You?

Him: Mmm i think I'm gonna win

Me: I dare you to take an extra glass to equal the odds :P

Him: Only if you promise to wet if you lose ;)

Me: Damn... Alright, I promise

Him: Deal

Me: Its because of that damn soda I had when you were 6/10 and I was 5/10. That probably went straight through me. Hopefully your need will be more urgent soon too

Him: We'll see

Me: both 2 more drinks in 10 min again?

Him: Yes

Me: You still doing good?

Him: Yup. You?

Me: No increased urge yet

Him: Same

Me: Time for our next two drinks...

Him: Yup

Me: Done drinking the second glass. I can definitely feel the need when I stood up to get that drink

Him: 7?

Me: A big 7, yeah

Him: Same

Me: My family is home sooner than I expected.. Now I must hold it until they're off to bed... Which will probably take like another hour.

Him: Oh shit lol

Me: Lets slow down on all those glasses of water for a moment :P

Him: Lol fine

Me: Otherwise I won't make it another hour and then I can't do a wetting. Still going to be a struggle anyway sitting here for an hour xD

Me: Hope you catch up with me on the need to pee. How are you holding up? Any squirming?

Him: A bit

Me: Me more than just a bit. I don't wanna lose.. ;_;

Him: I wanna win

Me: I want you to wet those cargo shorts xD

Him: Maybe I will

Me: Awesome

Me: I am getting in trouble. definitely 8 now. I stood up to grab a towel for when I need to take a shower soon. Couldn't walk straight

Me: 9,5 now. Walking was a hell. The bladder movement was terrible.

Him: Im at an 8.5

Me: Any squirming, fidgeting?

Him: Yeah

Me: Lots of it here. leaked a little...

Me: Not going good...

Me: oh man...

Him: Ooh. Hope i win. Im taking another drink

Me: In that case I try to hold on just a little longer..

Me: If I could cheat by tickling you I'd so do it. Only a miracle can save me now

Him: Mmm fuck lol im squirming

Me: any leaks?

Him: A little

Me: Starting to lose it. shit shit shit

Me: Gonna run into the shower. speak to you when I am done wetting. you win

Him: I win? Fuck! Awesome. Wetting...

As you can see, the soda I had when his urge was still larger than mine got me in trouble, because it immediately went to my bladder. My urge gradually increased from 5 to 7. When I reached 8 things started going fast and within 30 minutes I found myself into a lot of trouble on a 9,5, eventually I started leaking uncontrollably and had to rush to the bathroom. I lost...

He was squirming at the end too, feeling very uncomfortable and he gave in the moment I lost.

Hopefully you enjoyed this experience. Feedback is appreciated.

