Risky city hold with a wet ending (almost two)

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-05-24 15:38

I´ve tried holding to my limits outside my home before, but it´s only been in the woods, in secluded places, and by myself. One thing me and my partner S had wanted to try for a while was me doing a more risky public hold, with him controlling and pushing me a bit, deciding where to go, what to do and what to drink. The interest was actually sparked after reading a great fiction story by @Markj9494

. Now on our three day vacation in another city, this was one of the most important activites on the list, and we had talked about it a lot.

A couple of things made the dominance part of it less easy though. Even if like playing a little with them we don´t really have that sub/dom dynamics naturally. And the traditional "bathroom control" thing doesn´t really work for me. When what I love the most is to hold until I pee my pants, why would I be begging someone to be allowed to use the toilet? It doesn´t really makes sense. I´ve been thinking that in public I would have more motivation to not have an accident of course, and it would make it much more exciting, but still there´s not really a good limit for him to push me over, since we´re both very concerned about not involving strangers in our kinks.

Even if the riskiness is the point of it all, we should not push it too far. This means there should always be an escape way, no full blown accident right in front of people, and definitely no risk of leaving a mess behind someplace inappropriate. So would this still be doable and work out ok? That was what we wanted to start exploring. To me the thought was hot enough just doing something like this us two together, being very desperate in public when my partner is the only one who knows, and handing over just some of my control to him. That we were unfamiliar with the city made it harder to make plans and know what to expect, but it also made it more exciting, and of course it felt good to know we wouldn´t stumble into someone we knew.

After breakfast and getting ready for the day we started out at a café, where we had brownies and a big cup of tea. Sitting there on the terrace, with chatting people around us, S embarrassed me in a good way by saying “…if you should wet yourself….” just a little bit too loud. I was surprised when he told me not to drink up my glass of water before we left. He told me later that he wanted to prolong my desperation, and also be sure he had time to get me out of the city center before it got too bad. We went shopping for a while, and then we walked towards the harbour area.

I think the tea started to land in my bladder now, adding to the water I had also been drinking before we left our hotel room. We walked past the train station, and I started to feel the need to pee. I had nothing left in the bottle of water I had been sipping from during our shopping, so we bought a couple of new ones at the kiosk. On the other side of the train tracks we went to another café for something more to drink, and for S to use the bathroom. He told me I wasn´t allowed to do the same, so I stayed on my chair, starting to squirm a little bit. Here we go, it had started… I was not too bothered by the situation yet, but very excited. S came back relieved, and we sat there for a while drinking our delicious lemonade.

The beach walk by the lake started next to the café so we started walking. We strolled around, not very fast forward. I was getting impatient, but S stopped to take photos of all the cute ducklings he saw, and he was getting more into the dom-thing now. He told me to stop and drink a third of the water bottle. And shortly after, another third. I could now feel a strong constant pressure in my bladder, and it also started to arouse me. We made out, I pushed myself a little bit against him and became all shaky from it, like I was close to coming, but I tried to behave of course.

It was a popular beach walk even on a work day like this, so we passed by some people, and they were also hanging around at the terraces of the sailor restaurants we passed by. I had to struggle a bit to hide both the desperation and the arousal right now, and those feelings mix together and get hard to separate. S had asked me all the way how long I thought I had left, now I told him it could be less then 30 minutes now. He told me to drink up the last third.

After passing by all the sail boats we arrived at the beach. There was a big sign about keeping distance and avoid crowding, but the place was big and almost empty. There was a beach, some wooden decks, and a huge green field. Some people were hanging around at the wooden deck, but the beach and the field was empty, and no swimmers, too early in the season, the water still freezing cold. S commanded me to drink more water and then he took me for a walk around the area. I now felt like I was on the edge of starting to leak while walking, and when we found an outdoors gym where S told me to balance on some kind of bridge, and do some step ups exercise, I couldn´t hold it in, a few drops escaped with every step.

“Did you make it?” he said.

“Well… I´m not completely dry now” I said.

“Ok, you´re not allowed to wet yourself. But nothings shows at least. Let´s go on.”

We kept walking, and I continued to leak a little. It surprised me that it didn´t show yet in the crotch of my light coloured jeans.

We were back at the beach walk, but had walked further away from the beach. S told me to sit down on a bench for some rest. It was tough to just sit there, squeezing my knees together, trying still not to show my desperation to people walking by. I was more comfortable when we stood up again and started moving, but my bladder felt heavy and swollen, my crotch wet, the small leaks hade given me no relief.

He asked me again how much time I had left. I told him I already started to lose it, but maybe 10 more minutes until soaked. We started walking back to the beach, he was teasing me, wondering why I was walking so slowly suddenly, I use to be such a fast walker. At least I sped up my pace while walking past some women taking pictures of each other, I was scared of accidentily ending up on one of those photos with a visible patch between my legs. We stopped a few times, and I was in a vibrating tension, clenching and squeezing to hold it in, but kept getting warm between my legs, as the early warning spurts of a pee accident were sipping out in my jeans. I didn´t experience those strong bladder spasms I sometimes get when I hold, then it would have been over sooner I think. Now it was just my bladder overflowing from the constant pressure that I didn´t fully manage to hold back against.

S asked me to drink some more, only for the psychological effect (we knew I would be doomed long before that drink had passed my kidneys). It did it´s job of course, and I leaked again.

S looked at my behind and said “Ok, now it shows, but still just a shade”. Not for much longer, I knew. I could also see a little dark spot while looking down at my crotch.

I still had some control. Just small leaks kept escaping, but the darkening spot was spreading and I felt significantly wet by now. If someone would pass me by and look in the right direction they would clearly be able to see it. S found it was finally time to take me away from the beach walk, out on the empty field.

“Now I want some photos of you” he said. We were in full view from all directions, the beach walk in front, other walking paths to the right and left, and behind us a busy road with cars and bicycles. Still with enough of a distance for it not to be too obvious to surrounding people what happened. But my spurts were getting bigger, and we moved further away to the middle of the field. S kept taking pictures, while I was still in my already lost fight to stay dry. With clenched fists and goosebumps on my arms I closed my eyes and squeezed my thighs, trying, but not totally able to, hold back against another big spurt wanting to get out of me . “Don’t keep your legs so tight together” he said, so I spread them and it made things even harder. I couldn´t hold it. Pee started running slowly down my thighs with every lost spurt. I could still stop it every time, but not for long.

“Have I allowed you to wet yourself”, S said as he saw the growing patches.

“Can´t really help it” I said. I was now at the point where I also started to lose my motivation to hold, because I was already soaked and the urge for relief stronger than my will power and pleasures of holding.

I asked S to let me sit down in the grass and wet myself and was allowed.

I sat down flat on the ground with my legs spread forward, started leaking immediately, but this time I didn´t try to stop it, I just relaxed. Heavenly. A loud hissing sound as I let go and wet myself. It was streaming out of me for an eternity, and the relief was incredible, I was moaning with pleasure. The pee went directly down into the ground underneath the grass, so when the hissing sound subsided, my facial expressions were the only thing revealing what was still going on.

It´s amazing how your state of mind can change so fast, how the just seconds ago so stiff, strained and nervous body and brain is suddenly relaxed, calm and happy. I peed again, and again, until I felt completely empty… and soaked. So now what? An embarrassing walk back in wet jeans? No of course not, I mentioned there was a lake, right?

“If I could wet myself right here I guess changing into swimming wear is allright too” I said, as I peeled off my soaked jeans and panties and quickly changed into my swimming shorts, still sitting in the grass. Then I stuffed the heavy, wet and warm evidences of what I´d just done into a plastic bag I had brought with me.

But did we really get away with it? Wetting light khaki coloured jeans on an open field surrounded by roads and walking paths, while your boyfriend is taking pictures, might not be the most discrete omo-activity. I think I was too caught up in my desperation and excitement to assess the situation while it happened, but the more “sober” S said he didn´t think anyone saw. We didn´t pass by any people during the moment when I had started to leak more heavily into my jeans while still at the beach walk, and after that, on the field, people would be too far away to really see what was going on. Probably. But afterwards, when S was going through all the photos taken from different angles (there were plenty of them), he noticed “the mystery man with the red sweater and the green bag” appear on many of the photos. He had turned from the beach walk, and walked in a circle around us, on the walking and bicycle paths. His regular route or chosen by curiosity? We´ll never know.

I think at least we can say the mission was accomplished. A great exciting hold, that ended in a full public wetting, but without directly involving or causing any discomfort to others. This would make me high for several days!

We went to the water. S chickened out of the cold swim, but that was of course not an option for me, and I guess the adrenaline had heated me up some too. Afterwards we relaxed in the sun for a while, I was feeling great. But I didn´t know that it wasn´t really over yet.

I changed into my thin, light blue denim coloured shorts and we walked back to the city. Pretty soon I realised my bladder had quickly filled up again. I didn´t say anything first, but I wondered when S would notice my hand getting cold and sweaty again, as I was tensing up once more and becoming less talkative.

I had never played around with multiple holds, so I didn´t know my limits there, and now I could feel how weak and strained my bladder and the muscles containing it were. Normally even while almost bursting , at least I use to know how much time I approximately have left. Now I had no such control, I didn’t know if I could last another hour or have a big accident in five seconds. It felt dangerously fragile, like if I just relaxed a tiny bit I could be losing it, and now we were in the middle of the city, people and cars everywhere, nowhere to escape. My tight shorts wouldn´t help me out, even a one second spurt in them would be enough to turn the thin fabric into dripping dark blue, obvious to anyone around. A three second spurt would run right through them and create a puddle on the street. So would this be the unexpected embarrassing final to our in other ways successful public hold?

Adrenaline rose again as we walked the wrong way and had to turn around at some road constructions. I clenched and kept walking, still dry, I hoped, but hot between my legs from squeezing my urethrea shut. I nervously concentrated for all it was worth to not relax a tiny moment and give in to what wanted to push itself out of my tired and angry bladder.

And there it was, the entrance to our hotel. I made it. Of course I did. That humiliating obvious public accident , that has given me thousands of orgasms, is still unexperienced in real life, and it´s for the best, I guess. If it ever happens to me for real, will the fantasies lose its magic? Maybe.

When we got to our room, I was at my limits in more than one way, and I didn´t know if I wanted to pee or masturbate. S decided for me.

“You don´t need to pee in the toilet, why don´t you take off your shorts and get into the shower ” he said. I threw the shorts at the floor, and quickly stepped into the shower. I gushed in my panties as soon as S started touching me, it soaked through them and some of it splashed down to the floor, but I was able to stop.

“Do you have more? Let me feel it!” he said, cupped his warm hand around me and I wet myself again, emptied my bladder over his hand, a huge stream, another great relief. Then he made me come hard with today´s adventures rolling in my head.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*009*2021-05-27 07:19

{{On 5/25/2021 at 3:53 AM, farseladosso said:

Precious words, a dream for every hetero omorashi lover I suppose, for me anyway.

}}

Yeah, for me too! I´m glad to have pictures like the last one where my partner´s knee shows, as an evidence that he´s for real and not just some fantasy in my head, because sometimes I wonder...

*010*2021-05-27 07:32

{{10 hours ago, wettingman said:

This is an awesome well written story of public desperation and wetting. It is really special when you have someone to enjoy your experience . Holding our pee until I or a willing female until we can't and we wet our pants is my favorite scenario. Your story was arousing itself and the pix of your increasingly wet pants a big plus . Thank you.

Although I am not into a dom/sub roleplay, I would love being told I couldn't pee no matter how badly I needed to go. She could even make me hold on after I start leaking, until my pants were soaked and then I can let go, a long satisfying pee. Unfortunately it only happens in my dreams.

}}

Thanks, I´m glad you enjoyed it! And you´re right, even if I enjoy wetting on my own, it´s not comparable to sharing it with someone like this, it was a really hot experience and gave appetite for more! The sub/dom-thing is something we´ll be working on, there´s so much you could do and in so many ways, just need to find out what works.

Hope you´ll get to try it too some day!

*011*2021-05-27 07:41

@Mariner62

@talks2much

@rachelkirwan

@watchingherhold

@Wetsy

@Snowpants

Thanks for all the feedback and kind words! I´m happy to share an experience like this with you and when it seems to be so much apprechiated it feels even better! More to come!

*016*2021-12-21 08:37

{{On 12/19/2021 at 4:56 PM, PrincessInTheP said:

I love this! I've been lucky enough to be in this situation, not exactly, maybe a couple times and it's amazing . Being out with someone you trust who is in control but also considerate of your comfort and knows not to push you TOO far...I'm blushing remembering.

I spend so much time alone with my accidents. It's easier to push further with a partner and less lonely. I'm jealous. Live the dream!

Also, I think accidents have increased my body confidence and comfort naked. That combined with age has made me more comfortable as ME than anything else.

A very relatable post

}}

Thanks! Really glad you liked it! Yes, I know I'm very lucky to have found someone willing to share an experience like this with me, it was amazing. I would love to hear more about the partner experiences you've had in the past.

I can also relate a lot to how age and kink acceptance makes you much more confident being yourself.

