Full bladder in an Uber

Author: Linxsquat

*000*2020-06-23 22:43

Hi all, so this took place about 3 years ago and I still remember it like yesterday.

I myself and a group of friends went out downtown to this bar/nightclub to have a fun guys night after a long week. I wasn’t necessarily looking to meet a woman that night but a girl I knew introduced me to her friend from out of town. Her name was Shelly and she was about 5’6, shoulder length Light brown hair, athletic build with a shapely behind and a cute smile (and personality). Like I said, I wasn’t trying to take her home with me but a few drinks later and we were on the dance floor having a grand ole time. We had such a good time that we stayed until 2 am when the bar was closing. I was shocked by how quickly time flew by and it must have been two hours since I had been introduced to Shelly.

As we were leaving, I invited her to come back to my apartment and possibly do some late night swimming in my complex’s swimming pool. She eagerly agreed and I proceeded to order an Uber. Shelly mentioned that she had to pee but did so in a light-hearted way and seemed content with just waiting until we got back to my place since the bar was closed. About 15 min later the Uber arrived and we got in the back seat. Shelly was wearing a form fitting black mini skirt, a white crop top, and a denim jacket. The ride to my place was typically 20 min so I figured she would be fine to wait that long.

The Uber driver was friendly and we casually chatted while Shelly was sitting right next to me in the middle seat. Her left hand was resting on my crotch and her right hand was between her legs (not grabbing her crotch at this point). She was getting slightly frisky by doing this then whispered in my ear that she has to pee really bad. Her demeanor was still cheery so I assumed she was just over exaggerating in the way that slightly drunk people sometimes do. I estimated that it had been around midnight that I first met her and we had not left each other’s side since then and it was now close to 2:30 am. My mental gears were turning upon realizing that it had been at least two and a half hours since she had used the restroom and her and I had consumed at least 3 beers and 2 shots of fireball.

About half a mile from my apartment, our Uber driver ran a stop sign and was pulled over by a police car that happened to be nearby. Now Ive said this before that every account I tell is 100 percent true and as crazy as this next part is, it actually happened . The cops asked for his drivers license, registration, etc, and he seemed to be having trouble finding either of those things on his person. He searched through the glove compartment for several minutes and the cops said they would be back in a minute.

At this point, Shelly began squirming in her seat with her left buttcheek repeatedly rubbing against the side of my leg. By this point she had the palms of her hand stuck together and jammed into her crotch. She remained surprisingly composed aside from the squirming around and did not appear to have a flustered appearance on her face. After what must have been twenty minutes sitting there, the cops returned and ARRESTED our Uber driver. My guess is that he might have had a warrant out for his arrest but I never found out. The cop told us we were free to go and we began the half mile walk back to my place.

Shelly had to stop every couple of minutes to hold herself but we continued walking and carrying on a conversation. The street we were walking on had no real privacy if she were to try and pee outside somewhere but she didn’t seem to complain. When we got to the parking lot of my apartment, she was a few feet in front of me and I saw the most spectacular bent over at the waist, hands rammed into her pussy, stance that I had ever seen. She let out a slight whimper as she did this and held this position for 5 seconds before continuing the walk upstairs.

When we finally got inside, she dashed for the bathroom and within 3 seconds I heard her ass plop on the toilet and an absolute explosion of pee. I have never heard someone pee so loud in my life before or since, and my walls were thin so I heard everything. For about 30 seconds it sounded like a pressure hose and I heard a soft moan when the stream lessened slightly and she peed for another 30 seconds before finally tapering off. She was one of those girls who would continue to dribble out pee for a while after releasing the initial flood. In total I counted close to two minutes of peeing before she finally wiped and flushed.

Upon exiting the bathroom she jumped on me and we started making out and eventually having sex. I took her panties off which were the boy short type that accentuated her round ass perfectly. I felt her underwear around her pussy and it was definitely damp so I joked with her and said “ha looks like you didn’t quite make it to the toilet!” She laughed and said “nooo I’m wet because I’m turned on!” Idk which was the truth but honestly didn’t care at that point. She left the next morning and I never saw or heard from her again. I often wonder if her extreme hornyness could have been partly caused by finally releasing her overfull bladder but I may never know

*004*2020-06-29 00:48

{{On 6/27/2020 at 7:42 PM, New_Macca said:

Wow what an experience that sounds like the dream evening to have for a single man. Every moment of that sounds perfect to me and I am so glad you got to enjoy it

}}

Was a near perfect storm, the ridiculousness of the entire situation wasn’t lost on either of us haha. I could tell she was getting nervous when the cops were taking their time

*005*2020-06-29 00:54

{{On 6/27/2020 at 8:23 PM, wettingman said:

I sounds like an amazing experience. Would like to believe her hornyness was in part due to her overfull bladder and that she was showing you her desperation to increase your arousal.

Thank you for sharing your story.

}}

Yeah you’re probably right, I got the sense that she was probably used to going out for drinks and holding her pee because she never truly broke composure while in public that night. Not saying that I think she has a pee fetish, but it certainly was not a turn off lol

{{12 hours ago, peedespes02 said:

What a great story. You have good information too on stories too.

}}

Appreciate it! Will continue to write down my experiences so I can’t forget the fine details lol

