A wet boat ride!

Author: kevy19

*000*2018-02-25 18:20

Hi every one.

This was I and my dear late wife Becky's first holiday abroad after we had got married and this is a true happening! All names have been changed that is all, Plus a lot is written from memory! It was a year after are wedding when we decided we could finally afford a holiday abroad and decided we would go to on a tour of the Greek Islands which was a popular destination around this time early 1980's Going on our own not a on a package deal like most Brits did in early September after the main summer holiday period had died down the children in most countries being back at school it was much cheaper and would be hopefully less busy. We had planed the trip ourselves staying in some budget hotels one or two 4 star hotels and even in some hostels some nights we were young and could adapt and did not mind sharing or mucking in in those years it was going to be an adventure and fun come what may.

To cut right to the action so to speak on one of the islands and I can't in the midst of time remember which one it was do bare in mind this all took place way back in the very early 1980's So this happened well over 35 years ago now. Anyway they offered at the hotel we stayed a boat trip excursion to a hidden beach on another island that could only be reached by boat where a small beach BBQ lunch was laid on then later in the afternoon you had the return trip on the boat back to the town and hotel which took about an hour. This was the very last day this trip was going to run that seasons as the hotel was only at best about one third full now as we were well in to September. In fact they had cut the boat size down from the one they used at the height of summer to a small local wooden fishing type boat.

On that day which I have to say was a most beautiful sunny warm day it turned out there was only five families booked on this trip an American woman and the woman's' mother with there one child a boy of 6 Travis. Then a young Swedish couple with a boy of about 3 years old and then two retired Spanish couples and me an Becky. We immediately kind of palled up with the American family as we had chatted to them a lot yesterday in the hotel and as Becky had studied in America and had taught English whilst she lived there when in her late teens as part of her Uni teaching degree way back then funny enough in the state that they came from. The granny Arlene who was a quite young glamorous grandmother Julia her daughter who like to be called Jules was also good looking as we would say in the UK they obviously had a bob or two! Meaning they were not short of money.

The hour long boat ride to this other island took just over an hour and seemed to go quickly and the weather was so lovely the sea was that wonderful clear Aegean blue and so flat and clam it was like glass another faster boat like a dory had took the two hotel staff who were doing the BBQ lunch Becky and myself played on the beach with the are new American friends Jules Travis and Arlene he was such a well behaved and polite boy and just before the lunch was ready we all went in the sea! Becky winked at me and had that rye naught little minx look the give away tell sign to me that she was relieving her full bladder through her bikini panties in the sea water! I splashed up to her "Your not doing what I think you are I hope! Are you" I asked?"

"O and what's that then?" She retorted in that funny little voice she did sometimes " I think your making the Aegean sea yellow"! By now I was right close up to her, and she whispered " Shit darling I was busting for a wee and I really mean desperate"

" Yep me to” I said, “in fact he still doing a long stream now” her hand came up to the front of my tight swim trunks as we stood in the waist high sea water.

"Ooo Babe" she said "that's one nice hot wee stream he's doing" Becky was one of fantastically organized women she had packed us spare dry swim wear and back at are bags on the top of the beach.

I held the big beach towel as she took off her wet bikini panties and slip some dry one's on then she did the same for me as I put dry trunks on, are American friends had not come so well prepared but it mattered not it was a hot day and there swim wear soon dried and Arlene had not been in the sea anyway, Becky hated sitting in wet damp swim wear. After the BBQ where the drink was flowing all be it mainly soft drinks and a few beers it was hot so you drank a lot.

After the lunch we all played a fantastic game of beach rounder's it was one of those great moments when the whole party joined in mattering not about age or the fact we did not all speak the same language or how good we were it was a really fun time and time flied by so quickly. However by this time the weather had taken a turn for the worse there was now a stiff breeze blowing and the sun had gone in but you could not say it was cold in fact it was a warm wind as we got ready for the hour boat ride back Becky whispered in my ear that she really needed to do a wee again. I told her to go squat in the sea again but every one was down by the little jetty along the shore line waiting for the boat to come back and would know what she was doing.

"I'm fine darling I can hold on an hour no problem" She said with a smile. We held hands my other hand felt her lovely silky covered bum as she had the bikini bottoms on I so loved they were not to brief in fact they came up quite high up her petite waist and were a gorgeous light blue colour an such an incredible silky satin Lycra material with even more silkier yellow panel detailing she loved having her wonderful ginger pussy rubbed off in these soft silky bikini panties. I whispered in her ear that I desperately wanted to feel and stroke her off in her bikini panties when we got back to our hotel room, she gripped my hand tight another one of our signs which meant she wanted that to happen as well! Having long golden auburn hair which on this day was tied in a neat girly ponytail she had the most gorgeous ginger neat trimmed bush hence why it was her wonderful and very much a ginger pussy.

We all climbed aboard the old Greek style fishing boat we went to the back again with are American friends it was a high sided wooden boat with a little wheel house in the middle so there was a front seating area and the back where we were there were bench wooden seats it was a little disconcerting as under the duck board wood floor there seemed a good deal of water below this in the wood bilges as we stood waiting to sit down Becky whispered "have you noticed Arlene" She was the glam American Gran.

"No why should I" I whispered back Becky gripped my hand and said " I think she is busting for a wee! "Think about dearest she did not go in the sea and there was no other cover or toilets on that beach so she has not been all day that I know about unless she just pee-peed in the sand at some point" . She went on, “ I doubt very much she would want to wee in the fab expensive one-piece swim suit of hers” This got my mind wondering by this time we had all moved around and sat down and funny enough I sat directly opposite Arlene. She had this top designer one-piece swimsuit on I think it was a Channel or there again in the passage of time I may have got he name wrong!

I know Becky said she bet it cost well over £150 to £200+ a good deal of money way back then in the very early 80's I have to say it did look gorgeous but maybe it had been designed for a younger woman.

But having said that Arlene was a very attractive woman with good looks for her age and a very fit trim body with a neat bob of blonde hair with not a hair out of place and well manicured finger and toe nails to the point of sublime. Also with what looked like cracking DD boobs which sometimes looked as if they might almost pop out this expensive swimsuit as when we played rounder’s on the beach this swimsuit was white with beautiful pink panel details on the side that went under the bum as well, with a gold belt and clasp around the middle. The two Greek boat men that could only talk in broken English came and told us it may take us a while longer to get back to the main Island resort as we were running against a strong tide now.

It was soon after this that Travis who had been fidgeting about on the wooden seat got down and went to his mum who was on the end of the back bench but I could hear what he was saying to his mum, which was the fact he needed to pee! Plus its pretty universal across the world when a boy or man needs a pee he holds his willy! And since we had set off I had noticed he had been doing that off and on in his tight swim briefs. Becky whispered to me " Gosh Travis needs a wee like me I'm getting so desperate myself darling " she said in a hushed whispered voice to me. It was then his granny Arlene joined in and it seems Becky was right as basically she told the lad that Nanny need a pee-pee very badly as well! His mum Jules told him he would have to be a big boy and hang on and hold his pee until we got back to the main Island like his Nanny and his mum were doing.

This all started to get very interesting here I was sitting on a boat with no toilet insight not even a bucket or such like. Or no way even to pee over the side as the boat sides were way to high so here I sat with 3 desperate women!! But then it was only a few minutes later that there were more problems as all off a sudden the engine stopped on the boat and in there broken English the two Greek boat guys told us the engine was over heating due to working to hard so needed to cool down thankfully it was quite breezy but the sea was still calm but when stationary the boat did role a little with the gentle swell now.

I could see the boat had no VHF radio this was long before mobile phones and we could be still 30 to 40 min's from our own Island it was now late afternoon in September so there was little or no other passing boats one hopped the engine would restart when cool as they had told us! There was close to our seat a lift up locker with a jumble of old life jackets these looked as if they were from some 1930/40/s ship as were the old white cotton / Kapok one's both me and Becky were very poor swimmers so we hopped it would not come to relying on these old things to save us!

The next moment things took another turn when Travis jumped of the seat clutching the front of his Lacoste tight light blue swim trunks saying Mummy my pee-pee is coming out! Which looking at the front of his trunks as he jumped of the seat there was a small dark wet wee circle patch starting to spread out from where his willy lay in the tight trunks.

Arlene did know more than grabbed hold of his hand and pulled him to her and it seemed in one fail swoop he lunged towards her and his trunks were so swiftly and expertly whipped down like the old pro she was, reveling his willy which was by now spraying a fast uncontrollably fire hose hands free pee stream all over the show! It caught Becky's bare feet and flip flops and gave them a dousing, and his mum was mortified and she started to apologies profusely to Becky.

Arlene had to take hold and make sure the aim was brought under control quickly.

Aiming him down and through the duck board floor in to the boat bilges! He just stood with that totally relaxed half silly smile look of sheer relief and his eyes shut tight. But that aside of course this made Arlene lean her who body and weight in a most funny angle and putting so much extra pressure on her lower tummy, and what I witnessed next has stayed with me all these years. Now the swift movement to assist Travis and not make him wee to much in his own swim trunks took its toll on her own way over full to busting bladder. Now I had such a clear view I first saw the lower pink panels of her swimsuit turn a little darker colour! OMG I though her bladder has let go! She let go a little moan and whimper.

Then I thought she had managed to stop the flow and it was just an involuntary spurt, as it seemed to stop, she was still helping Travis direct his aim, but I think it was all to late there was no more hold it power left in her totally over strained bladder muscles and now at this acute angle on the edge of the hard seat, that was the last straw putting far to much pressure on here failing bladder, and the next moment the whole silky soft white crotch area of that fab expensive swimsuit just seem to erupt and blow up with her pee-pee like a balloon almost as her hot piss jet just erupted and just burst forth from her pussy totally out of control, with no hope of stopping that flow!

She made quite a loud gasp and another moan, Now the funny thing is I think the white swimsuit fabric must have been quite a water resistant / retentive fabric as it almost filled up a bit like plastic panties it may have just been the intense volume she had let go all at once caused this effect, Or the way she was sitting leaning say. I had never seen a swimsuit blow up with hot piss like this before!

But then the crotch / bum / pussy area fabric seemed to reach a point where it just got so saturated it gave out all of a suddenly almost like a bit of wet paper does and there was a sudden cascading torrent of her pent up hot piss flooding out running of the swimsuit on the wooden boat seat and then splashing down in to the water filled bilge below all of this was barely a couple of feet away from me! In fact the reason I new her pee was so hot was that some had splashed on my feet and legs in this initial burst out cascade! OMG as we say today!

I could not help but stare! Well there was know where else to look any way as she was right on the edge of the seat so close still helping Travis but she had now lost total control of her own bladder in her sexy tasty designer swimsuit, I have never before or since seen a women do such a forceful wee-wee! I mean normally when a woman pee's her panties or say like her a swimsuit the fabric kind of stifles the piss flood to an extent! But O know not Arlene her piss was coming out as if there was no fabric around her pussy the stream was in all honesty like a horse taking a leak and I’m not joking here.

And as the boat engine had stopped so it was so very quiet on the boat it was accompanied by a very loud sssshhisssssishhhissing. As well as a splashing noise as it flooded down the couple of feet drop in to the water filled bilges below it was in fact a light yellow cascading river of hot piss. By this time Travis had done and Arlene shook him dry as best and pulled his trunks back up just as quickly as they came down as he turned around he looked and saw and stared a moment at the cascading flooding bubbling loud hissing stream coming out of his grannies swimsuit and said "O Nanna is peeing!" In a tone that he was witnessing something truly naughty that a grown up was having an accident. He said it again “O Nanna is peeing in her swimsuit!” Jules told Travis to be quiet and go sit with her then asked her mum if she was OK?

Arlene had gone flushed up and very red in the face and was panting a little her hot piss still streaming and gushing out like a river!

"O heck I‘m so sorry" She said in here lovely broad American accent she said this a good few times still panting a little then letting a lady like little parpy fart go which made Travis giggle! As at last the piss flow did start to easy back but only slightly mind. I noticed another thing the white material had almost gone see through now with the intense wetness, so I could now see more than I should! In that area. While all this had been going on Becky next to me had been gripping my hand so tightly we kind of had signals with how tight we gripped or different fingers we gripped etc. Becky put her hand on Ingrid’s knee as a kind of reassurance gesture and said to her that it did not matter and there was certainly no need to be sorry. Becky gave me a hard hand squeeze just before she said this below so I new she was about to say something that she new would excite me.

Don’t worry Arlene I have been leaking in my own Bikini panties since we have been on the boat and I can’t hold my own bladder much longer!

O yes she had been leaking as my hand secretly sidled around her bum which I could feel was damp and warm, My God I was so excited to having seen Arlene lose it! And her pee was still dribbling out her swimsuit all these minutes on, her daughter had past her a beach towel to dry some of the pee off her swimsuit when she had finally done and was empty, and the lovely pristine white parts of the silky fabric of her swimsuit now had a faint yellow pee staining patina on the white panels and there was a tide mark how high the pee had gone up the suit as well! As well as being translucent.

And now my beautiful young wife sat next to me had just announced to me in a whisper that she did not think she could hold the next dribble back from turning in to a full on flood in her own bikini panties. Do bare in mind we hand been on this boat well over an hour now and should have been back are other island resort by this time but if the engine was going to restart sometime soon we still had a good 30 to 40 min’s. I also new Jules was in big trouble and having holding difficulties as well as I caught her holding her own pussy and rubbing and kneading it franticly from time to time when she thought no one was looking. She had a light purple and again like Becky high wasted fuller bikini panties on they were by another top fashion house.

But the colour of those there was going to be no getting away with it , as it was sure going to show if a resulting accident happened in them.

Just at that point the boat engine re started to a cheer from us all and slowly the anchor was lifted and we set of again at a snail pace but were off! It was at that moment that Becky whispered to me “ Its no good darling, I can feel my wee coming its hurting so much I can’t hold it back any longer”.

We were slightly more lucky with are wooden seat side are side as we had a slated bench so I told Becky to sit right back when she felt it was going to happen and it did not matter at all. I was just so excited I had a huge hard on my cock had been hard since we boarded this boat I did in fact need a piss badly myself but being so turned on and hard I could not have pissed if I had tried. It had been non stop excitement.

I had my sweat shirt on my knee to hide my cock as I could feel my cock at times was nearly pushing out the waist band of my own brief tight swim trunks!

At that moment Becky pushed her bum as far back on the seat as it would go and she looked up and said to Arlene and Jules. “Sorry girls I can’t hold my wee in a moment longer” Her legs even sitting as she was were jiggling about and she was constantly opening and closing her thighs “Don’t worry darling” said Arlene. Then she said, “don’t go hurting yourself trying to hold it look at me" She laughed pointing to her wet pee soaked costume.

Becky gripped my hand so tight and in a brief few seconds there was that familiar trickling with a soft hissing sound mind a good deal more subdued than Arlene’s was! And with the noisy boat diesel engine now running it was just a low key splashing trickling sound. Becky gripped my hand so tight the whole time she was weeing she had a fair size bladder and could hold well over 1 litre so I could see a good steady to strong flow running down through one of the slats in to the boats bilges below again I so wanted to put my hand under the seat and feel her gorgeous ginger puss pissing for all she was worth in her sexy bikini panties but with Jules and Arlene who were so close only feet away and with nowhere else for any one to look.

I thought I better not do that! Her whole body let a shudder of relief go at losing that pain and intense feeling of an over strained bladder and having to fight to hold your wee in so hard for so long and that lovely warm special feeling of pissing in one‘s swimwear. I guessed she was about all weed out after another smaller shudder shook her whole body again, I felt her grip loosen on my hand and she looked at me with than loving broad smile of hers I could sense she now felt so much more relaxed. I passed are big old beach towel and she dried off between her legs her bikini fabric was quite thin so there seemed little spread or wetness only in her crotch and lower bum unlike poor Ingrid’s wet mess and staining and lucky as I said Becky’s Bikini had bright daffodil yellow panels there anyway!! A wise choice in colour. Becky was just drying of with the towel when!

Just then Jules looked up and blurted out with a shriek “Sorry guys!” As she was sitting on the edge of the back seat she opened her legs wider and a large quick spreading damp patch spread out over her pretty purple bikini panties mother like daughter! As soon there was a very forceful flow of hissing piss spurting for all its worth out of her bikini bottoms in an uncontrollable torrent being on the back seat with no slats she had no option but to move to the edge of the seat which only made our whole view closer and better! What a piss she did!

She there again pissed for an age it seemed. When we did make it safely back to are Island and hotel Becky admitted that she had been so turned on by seeing Arlene weeing then wetting her own Bikini bottoms in front of two women she admitted she had, in fact had a orgasm just as she finished wetting her own bikini panties! She said doing it in front of two women plus us holding hands to me the mixed excited feeling with the warm tickling of her wee rushing out of her pussy was all to much for her and One of those Shudders I felt I assumed was her orgasm. And we talked about this boat ride so much! But that’s for another time! Maybe.

K.

*002*2018-02-25 21:14

{{15 minutes ago, TempadoOmo5 said:

I must say, this is a very interesting story, even more so due to the fact that it's true! I have to say, though, that I'm very sorry that it seems as though your wife is no longer with us today. I won't ask too much about it since I'd hate to seem disrespectful, but I can tell she must have been an amazing woman. I'm glad you could take the time to upload this for us today, and I hope you're doing well yourself, man. ?

}}

Thank you and yes I lost my dear wife to cancer some years ago now which was so sad and for me was devastating but life moves on! I'm left here so you have to keep living and get on with life. We had been together since she was 19 I was 21 she was my only lover and will remain my only lover I don't think I could love again! Who knows. And yes the basis of the above story is a true happening OK sure I have jazzed it up in writing but it did happen! I find it helps writing about are private moments I remember just what a special person she was not only to me but everyone who she came in to contact with. Thank you for your kind comments.

K

