Monster Energy Drink Gets Me Into Trouble

Author: Likealemon

*000*2020-03-29 05:39

So I've been reading all these stories and I decided to add one of my own from January.

I am absolutely, completely addicted the Zero Sugar variety of Monster Energy Drink. I will occasionally just drink two of these bad boys, the 24 fl oz (709 mL according to Google) over the course of a couple hours. Granted all that caffeine probably isn't the best for me, but, hey, at least it's the no sugar version. I think if I liked the original variety I'd be on my deathbed by now but that's beside the point.

All that liquid has gotten me into trouble a couple of times. Once, I had to get up far too early in the morning to drive nearly 300 miles. The whole trip would take 5 or so hours. I am not a morning person, so before I hit the road I stopped to fill up my gas tank, and to grab a couple bottles of Monster for the trip. If you've never driven on any of the interstates in America, once you're on them, it's just a matter of watching your speed and driving in an almost straight line, so it's pretty simple. It can get monotonous, though, so I wanted to make sure I was prepared for the day's journey and not falling asleep at the wheel. I downed both the cans within the first 90 or so minutes, and didn't think about the consequences much.

It was about 10 miles past a rest plaza an hour later when I realized I had to pee. That's just my luck, it seems, and I'm so used to doing this drive I knew I'd be coming up on the next one in about 45 minutes. So I just refocused on the radio, kept my eyes ahead, and tried to ignore it. By the time I was coming up on the plaza, I really had to go, and I could feel every gulp of both cans I'd had making their way through my system. Once the rest stop finally came into view, all I could see were the flashing lights of emergency vehicles. An 18 wheeler had jackknifed at the bottom of the exit and rolled, making it impossible to access the rest stop. Huge ropes were strung across both sides, and I could see that the entire place had been emptied out and closed down. There was no way I could get to the bathroom there. So I just continued on, my stomach sinking when I saw the sign "NEXT SERVICE STATION - 65 MILES" but I still thought I could make it.

30 minutes later I realized there was absolutely no way I was getting to that service station. I was squeezing my legs together any time I could use cruise control, cursing myself for wearing jeans that were too tight to be able to hold myself. I knew I'd have to jump out of the car and go and pee along the side of the road, but I couldn't find an emergency shoulder for miles. Any time it was safe I was desperately scanning for a place to jump the guard rail and piss behind a bush or something, but I could never find it. After 10 minutes of agitated searching, and clenching as I felt the first few drips slide into my panties, I finally found an emergency pull-off and tore off the main road onto it. There was a huge field next to it with no cover. My original plan was to get out, run over to the slightly more hidden passenger side, open the back door for some extra privacy, and squat behind it with one of the empty Monster cans.

As soon as I opened the driver's side door I realized that wasn't happening. The winter air made my bladder contract, and I lost another squirt of liquid into my underwear. I raced around the front of the car to the passenger side, and danced from side to side while I opened the passenger door. I managed to get my jeans off, not without another huge jet saturating my panties, squatted down by the inner frame of the car in an attempt to hide my ass from the main road, and finally let go. At first my pee sprayed everywhere and actually managed to end up on the back of my legs. With difficulty, I managed to control the stream so it didn't end up all over my clothes, and I Just went.

It took forever to empty my bladder, and all the while I was swearing to myself. My pussy being exposed to the frigid air heightened every feeling, so I still remember how it felt to finally let go. It was the loudest hiss I've ever managed to make and it steamed up as it hit the pavement. The relief was just incredible. Once I finished pissing I dug around in the glove compartment for a napkin to clean myself with, stuffed another one into my wet panties so I wouldn't have to sit directly in my cooling piss, pulled on my clothes and just continued on driving.

I'm still new to writing stories around here, so I hope some people like it! I have so many stories I'd love to tell about my love for caffeine getting me into trouble. Maybe one day I'll type a bunch up.

