Election Day Desperation

Author: ElSuave

*000*2011-05-03 06:48

May 2nd, 2011 was Election Day in Canada. Perfectly normal day; went to the mall, smiled at the sign for the bathrooms that reads "GOTTA GO?" and bought some clothes. Blah blah, I'll get to the point.

I went to my assigned polling station that evening and a very cute girl met me at the entrance to check my voter's card and tell me which booth to proceed to. Her name tag read "Vanessa" and she was roughly 5'0" tall with shoulder length dark hair and an adorable face. She was was wearing a cute white top that displayed just the right amount of cleavage to make your mind wander, but not so much that she didn't look professional. Her capris (capris?) were black, as were her flats, which she had slipped her fair bare feet into.

After I voted, I waited near Vanessa while my sister was registering. I admit that I was peeking at her from the corner of my eye, as she was quite pleasant to look at, and I'm happy I did. As her job was to greet voters as they arrived, she had to stand. When no one was arriving, I noticed that she kept switching from one foot to the other; slightly dancing around. After a couple minutes she began to bend her knees and lift one leg at a time into the air behind her, looking around with a slight grimace. I just had to say something...Not wanting to come across as creepy.

I asked how long she had been there, and discovered that she was going on her 10th hour, and that her feet were killing her. So I craftily said, "You look like you have to pee" http://animepee.me/public/style_emoticons/

She giggled a little and admitted that she really, really did, but that it was too busy for her to step away. All the while she continued to do her little dance while no one was watching (besides me) and I waited patiently for my sister, not wanting to look too obsessed with her.

Unfortunately, I did not see her pee herself, nor do I think she did, as I'm sure she was able to relieve her bladder before it was too late. But I did go back an hour later while my parents voted, just to see her again.

This time I introduced myself and asked her for a drink, to which she replied "Haha, I'm only 18!"

If anything transpires, I'll let you know :D

*002*2011-05-03 16:46

I'm waiting a couple days to add her on Facebook !

Then we'll see what happens. I'm 21, and I thought 18 was just perfect! She's quite small; I'd imagine she can't hold it too long normally ;)

*005*2011-05-03 21:55

{{: 

All I have to say is; smooth. And nice. *gives props to you*

Though it was ironic that you saw the 'Gotta go' sign, then meeting someone who had to pee XD

}}

Well I figured it fit the story. They've had that sign up since the mall was redone, and people often walk by it and point or giggle. I think it's awesome lol

