Help Me Plan a Hold

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2021-08-14 09:41

I really wanna do a nice hold tonight with a lot of desperation.

I am going to have the house to myself for roughly 8 hours tonight but I can start drinking things hours before this. I don't want to wet myself, but I do want to feel like there is a distinct possibility that that could occur. This entire thing will take place from around 6pm CST to 6am CST with the main part definitely occuring from 10:30pm-6am, so there's your timeframe.

Only stipulation I have is no alcohol. I don't drink much and I don't really like how it makes me feel.

Things that will definitely happen throughout the hold (I'll let you decide when these thing occur):

1: house chores need to be done. (i.e. dishes, mopping the floors, doing laundry, cleaning the bathrooms, etc.)

2: I need to work on some outdoor projects (can't venture too far from the house due to the sun going down)

3: I typically take a 1.5 hour walk around 3am (no safety lectures please). There is a gas station at roughly the 1/4 and 3/4's marks of the walk route.

4: I need to do some cooking. If there's any particularly urge inducing things you want me to try making, let me know so I can get the ingredients (i.e. the sound of boiling soup or something like that.)

Any ideas/ anything you think would be fun, let me know! I typically can get myself full to bursting in about 2 hours with a bit of focus if doing a rapid hold. Typically anything after the first hold is less than that if I continue to drink.

Of course, I will update you all on how it's going!

