Agh! Stupid Brother!

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-07-13 05:17

As many of you who have read my posts know, I have a weak bladder. IT is getting worse everyday, and today was an awful day for it. One accident was bad enough, but 2?

Here's what happened. I got a really bad sudden urge to go to the bathroom, one of those I would normally get if I had been distracted by something. This time, however, It hit me even without the distraction. Unfortunately for me, my brother had gotten into the bathroom without me noticing, so when I went to go to the bathroom, I heard the shower running. Bad timing on both his part and my bladder. I was already at my limit and wetting myself would be inevitable. Now when we were kids I would just have asked if I could use the toilet, but seeing as we're both in our twenties, i figured it would be inappropriate. I figured I would wait until he was finished, but y body just wasn't going to let me. As I was about to loose it all, a glimmer of hope stood before me. My Bedroom garbage can! I took it and squatted over it. It took me jest a few seconds to relax enough to go. Finally, pure blissful release! Go figure, just as i was done doing my deed, I hear the bathroom door unlock!

At this point, I'm at my wits end. I'm going to see my doctor about this bladder weakness... problem is that the appointment is only in another week... *sighs* Too much of a good thing is a horrible thing.

*002*2010-07-13 16:22

I have to say, I LOVE the desperation, as well as the wetting. But I guess it's mainly tied to the fact that I wouldn't know what to do if it started happening in sleep. Day time wetting, I can handle. You can always wash clothes and floors, but matresses are a different story.

*004*2010-07-13 23:25

Unfourtunately, mine doesn't. Although I'm thinking about getting some, on the event of if I do wet the bed.

*006*2010-07-14 13:14

Having the cash to get stuff to be prepared is also a factor.

*008*2010-07-14 14:16

I'm just glad that the flooring in the kitchen and the bedrooms in my apartment aren't carpeted. Our hallways and living room however.

*010*2010-07-15 12:45

{{:

When I was back in Asia, the floors were tiled, so it made it much easier to clean, though I rarely wet myself outside of my shower

}}

The shower's a good place to do it, since all you have to do id rinse it off after. If I want to wet myself on pourpose, I have to time it right. Don't want people to find out Im weirder than I already am.

*012*2010-07-15 14:25

{{:

Thats possible? =D xD I kid I kid, but yeah, I imagine it's horrible if friends and family find out, because even if they respect it, you know that they probably think "Oh God she's weird" When they look at you xD

}}

They think that regardless of knowing if Im into Omorashi XD Ive already told my mom im a diaper lover, and she gave me a "are you freaking serious" reaction.

*014*2010-07-15 14:34

Let's just say, I have a overly open familly. Nothing is really kept secrete onomg us.

*016*2010-07-15 23:40

{{:

I hardly tell my family anything, I'm the type of person that keeps to myself a lot :3

}}

I'm usually only like that with my friends. But with such a big family, it's hard to keep things under wraps.

*018*2011-03-12 20:59

{{:

Hey man thats pretty cool id like to see you pee

}}

Chances of that happening are gettng pretty slim. These days, it's rare if I get any time to myself. The most I can do is enjoy desperation. Very rarely can I enjoy a wetting, unless it's a full on accident. It's rare in the colder month for me to have them since I drink less water.

*020*2011-03-12 21:18

{{:

Oh that sucks did you get it fixed or something

}}

Not really. It;s just in the colder months, I'm not as thirsty. When it gets hot, I drink much more water, so accidents are liable to happen.

Plus I'm still living at home with my mom, so I don't get much time alone. I can't risk peeing myself all over the floor.

*022*2011-03-12 21:23

I drink plenty of water in the winter, still. It's just I drink less than I would in the summer.

