My favorite experience memory

Author: Alex62

*000*2021-04-07 21:36

As I asked and got comments to shares here it is. (this happened around 2015 I think is'll try to remember as correctly as I can).

I was around 14-15 at the time and was camping in Georgia with my Boy Scout Troop. It was summer camp so we could travel out of state for a week-long camping trip. Anyway during the week, I hurt my foot so I needed help getting around and this includes the bathroom.

Now I'm a shy guy when it comes to that so I held the best I could till I was bursting and about to pee myself. So one night I had to pee but of course I held it and since I had a night time meeting to go to I figured I could just go while my dad(the scout master) drove me.

As I waited for the time to leave my need got worse and worse. I crossed my legs not wanting to hold myself while I sat in a camp chair in the middle of the camp(my hurt foot prevented me form getting up). I started to leak and leam but since it was dark out I couldn't tell if my dark green scout shots were wet or not so I felt them and felt no wet patch so I assume they were not.

The time came to leave so I had to stand which caused me to leak again. My shorts had to be wet as I felt some pee drip down my leg. I made a beeline to the car to sit but since the SM who was driving me was my dad he wanted a picture of us so I had no choose but to take one.

ISince it was dark out my shorts were hidden so I thought why not. They Assistant Scout Master taken the picture turned the flash on for the picture so he had to see my wet shorts(which were way wetter than I thought) and handed my dad how phone back so he could see the picture too(he also had to see my wet shorts so idk why he didn't take me to the bathroom right then)

After the picture we got in the car to drive to the meeting. My dad asked if I had to pee and I said I guess(not wanting to admit my dying need) so he took me to the bathroom.

Since I had a hurt foot I waited for the family bathroom. My dad brought a camp chair and gave it to me to sit while I waited. I of course sat and crossed my legs right away as I was really bursting now. But after a while that didn't help so I I crossed my legs and figured since it was dark out and my dad was the only one around I could hold myself. I felt myself leak more as pee wet my hand. At this time I knew if I removed my hand form holding myself I would pee myself And finally the family bathroom was empty as the people left.

I jumped up and ran in there, still holding myself knowing if I let go so would my bladder. I went straight to the toilet and tried to pull down my shorts but they didn't budge. My belt was to tight. I tried undoing it with one hand but I couldn't. I needed both hand but I could be let go of my crotch. But I had no choice so I said fuck it thinking I could hold for a couple of seconds whole I undid my belt but I was wrong. As soon as I let go the flood gates opened and pee flooded effortlessly out of me soaking my shorts, briefs, socks, and shoes.

At first I was shocked and just stood there. After a few seconds I realised I was peeing myself so I tried to stop by grabbing myself with both hand but that was no good as pee just ran though my hands. I then quickly moved my hands to my belt thinking I still could see the rest in the toilet. I undid my belt and pulled my shorts down but unfortunately my briefs stayed up.

I gave up then and accepted my accident. I stood there in my briefs peeing full force into them. Pee soaked my briefs(either black or grey Hans briefs, I think black as I don't remember them showing wetness good) and ran down my legs soaking my shorts, socks, and running into my shoes. Making a huge puddle on the cement floor.

I finally finished, I pulled up my shorts and expected the damage. It was bad but I wasn't about to admit to having an accident. So I tried to hide it. Eventually my dad caught me and made me to change.

Later the next day he said he saw the picture later that night and my short were obviously soaked.

Well that's the story hopes you all liked. I tried to find the pic but couldn't, my dad probably deleted it.

I also wet a few more times that week I might share.

*002*2021-04-08 01:02

{{1 hour ago, wetaccident said:

Wow, that's intense. I'm glad it was just your dad who saw you wet. I had more than my fair share of accidents myself. I was also a very shy kid/teenager and while I usually wasn't overly shy about needing to pee I always preferred to be able to say "I'll be right back" or something rather than admit directly I needed to go to the toilet. I think, being a bundle of insecurities that I was as an early teen, having to not only admit I had to pee and draw attention to myself that way but also having to ask someone to assist thereby not only making me an object of attention with other kids around but also inconveniencing the person helping me (at least in my mind) would have made that a very difficult week for me too.

}}

Yes I always hated needing help like I did.I would also prefer to say “I’ll be right back” ass as I was also very insecure kid/teen. I definitely had a mind set that it was a inconvenience back then as I was also a very shy kid/teenager when it came to those things. My dad definitely saw as he said something and made me change(I thought I could hide it back then so thank god he had me change) but I think others also might have seen and not said anything like the guy who took the picture of us. It was very embarrassing at the moment but now became a great memory. I also wet More times that week probably because this weaken my bladder.

*004*2021-04-11 14:53

{{53 minutes ago, RandomWetName said:

I can imagine it was very embarassing at the time but a great memory now. It sure sounds like a great experience!

}}

Definitely was!!

*006*2021-04-12 23:39

{{6 hours ago, Despboy15 said:

I can imagine your embarrassment here and I totally understand this feeling. Undoing pants is hard when you’re desperate and there have been many times I did not make it. What I like though is the fact that embarrassing experiences turn into great memories.

}}

That'a a pro of embarrassing experiences, they make great memories(for the most part)!!

