Helping me hold it

Author: Ally98

*000*2017-02-12 23:20

It's been a while since the last experience I shared, my bf and I really haven't done much, or anything at all, in between. My bf is really busy with university and work, and he always thinks I should have decent rest after our 'omorashi' adventures. But he broke my rest last night, and what he did to me was so crazy and yet felt so amazingly good I felt like I had to share it with everyone here. I'm seeing a lot of boy girl friend experiences here so I'm really curious if anyone else here have done this before.

My bf never admits it with his own words, but I know he loves seeing me hold myself when I really need to pee (so mean! XD ). Last night, after we had done all our work, we decided to enjoy a movie at home. In my defence I honestly had no plans for omorashi last night, but I do have a bad habit of holding my pee till the last minute when I watch a movie (how many of you have this habit also?). I was fidgeting a bit halfway through the movie, and since i was being half-cuddled, half crushed XD by my bf he knew what was going on. I don't know if I was making it obvious for him, but all I did was hug my legs against my chest and rub them against each other a little. My bf must have noticed it somehow and asked me if I needed to pee.

Even after all this time I blush whenever he asks me that XD I tried to stand up and make for the toilet but he held me down. He made me hold it till the end of the movie, and I could feel myself needing to pee more and more. When the movie was over I was close to bursting, and I quickly felt my panties just to make sure I hadn't accidentally let any pee out. To be honest I really didn't feel like wetting myself. I was in my favourite nightgown which I'm sure is too girly and cute for my age XD and I didn't want to pee in that. Just when I stood up to make for the toilets my bf held me down again. This time, he held my arms in his so I couldn't move them, and thus I couldn't hold myself. I felt the need to pee grow and I instinctively twisted my legs together. I then realised my bf was trying to make me squirm in his arms. It was torture holding in a full bladder with my hands pinned behind me.

I kept squeezing my legs together so my thighs couldn't help exert a little pressure on my vagina, but it was like crossing my legs in a desperate situation, and eased my urge only for a little. I felt my knees grow weak suddenly and knew I was about to pee myself. I tried pulling my hands out of my bf's but he was too strong for me. So I told him I was about to pee myself, and implored him to let me go. He reached his hands around and before I realised what he was about to do, he started holding my vagina for me! I immediately doubled over when he started touching me like that. My hands were still pinned behind my by his other hand, and though the pressure his hand on me was helping me hold my pee, I also felt like loosing control from the sensations he was giving me. He reached up my night gown and stared holding my through my panties.

After playing with me for a while like that he slipped his hands into my panties and started to hold me directly. He put his finger between the lips of my vagina, and asked me 'is this your pee hole?" before I could say I word he had pushed his finger into my vagina already. I didn't know if he did it on purpose or not, but I wanted to tell him he had not found my pee hold, and he was in the wrong one below XD but I couldn't say a thing, and my words needed up as unintelligible moaning instead.

Slowly, in our awkward position, he moved us into the bathroom. Still fingering me, he sat me on the loo. The urge to pee grew even harder to resist while sitting on the loo. I looked imploringly at my bf and he understood me, and he told me I couldn't pee just yet. We stayed in this position for a while. I could feel myself building towards an orgasm. Just when I was about to reach that point, he lifted me from the loo and placed me in the shower. Then out of nowhere, he started licking my vagina! I was so scared I would pee in his mouth. Luckily I didn't and in the end he took his pants off and you know how this ends. I ended up having that amazing feeling of orgasming and peeing at the same time.

So that ends my experience. I guess they're getting kind of repetitive by now XD so i hope I didn't bore you. I was just really curious to see if any couples here have also tried what my bf did when he 'helped me to hold myself."

