Desperate Kitchen Porter

Author: Despguy123

*000*2018-09-03 18:54

After my first year of uni, I had a summer job working as a kitchen porter/dishwasher in a hotel restaurant and almost every shift I ended up absolutely desperate to pee with a very full bladder, all because I had too much to do and no time to take a toilet break. The kitchen was hot so I'd end up drinking a lot of water to stay hydrated and had to hold on for absolutely ages, and all the water gushing out into my sink certainly didn't help! I actually ended up bursting to go towards the end of my very first evening shift on a busy Saturday night. I had been needing to pee for hours and when I finally had the chance to go for a break after the restaurant had closed, I realised that I didn't actually know where the toilets were. I ended up having to ask the head waitress where they were which was very embarrassing, and she actually seemed a bit surprised that I had been waiting for so long. I was moving from foot to foot and jiggling a bit so she probably knew I was desperate to go.

The next day I was working a full Sunday shift. I arrived around 10am to wash the breakfast dishes and clean the smaller breakfast kitchen, and then I had to go straight to the main kitchen with no time for a break in between. By this time, I was badly needing a pee after drinking lots of water during the morning. When I got to the main kitchen there was a huge pile of dishes waiting to be washed and the lunch rush was just beginning. I continued drinking lots of water despite my steadily filling bladder so by the time the lunch rush was over several hours later I was absolutely bursting to go, but I still had lots of plates to wash and the entire kitchen floor needed sweeping. 

By now, I could hardly stand still and had to dance from foot to foot to take my mind off my very full bladder, jiggling and bending over while washing up, the sound of the gushing water tormenting me as the minutes ticked past. The chefs had already left so I was mostly on my own in the kitchen, but one of the waitresses walked past and noticed my obvious desperation as well as the huge pile of plates still to be washed. She smiled at me sympathetically and said 'Oh dear, you're stuck here!' and I blushed with embarrassment!

Eventually I finished the plates and quickly got to work sweeping the floor. My bladder was absolutely aching by now with several hours’ worth of pee waiting to be released, and I was frantically trying to finish my work so I could take a break and finally go to the toilet. I even undid the clasp on my tight black work trousers as they were pressing snugly against my rock hard bladder. At least now I was moving around and wasn't being tormented by the sound of running water, but I was so desperate to piss that occasionally I had to stop sweeping and reach down under my apron and hold myself, bend forwards, cross my legs or bounce on the spot.

When I was finally finished sweeping the kitchen, I still had a few smaller things to do before I could take my break. I stopped for a moment and took the opportunity to reach my hand down under my apron and give myself a long, hard squeeze through my trousers, bending forwards and sighing in frustration. I straightened up, turned around still holding myself and was surprised to see the manager of the hotel, a very friendly and attractive blonde lady in her 40s, standing a few feet away checking the staff rota, and she was looking straight at me! I blushed and quickly stopped holding myself. I had not heard her come in and wondered how long she had been standing there, as I had assumed I was alone and had made no attempt to hide my desperation.

She smiled at me warmly as I walked over to her. “Hi, are you OK?” she asked, even though it must have been obvious that I was absolutely desperate for a pee. “Yeah... sorry, I just really need the toilet, not had chance to go yet” I said shyly, moving from foot to foot, blushing even harder at having to admit my desperation to her, and she looked surprised. “Oh have you not been yet? You must be bursting, go to the loo lovey!” she said sympathetically. Despite my embarrassment, I decided to be a bit cheeky and hold on a little bit longer. “It’s OK, I’ve almost done in here. I probably work faster when I’m bursting for a pee anyway”. She laughed and replied “Well in that case, I'm sure you can hang on until you're finished!”

I set to work finishing the last few little jobs, my bladder throbbing, absolutely aching to release. I tried to work as quickly as possible, occasionally stopping to bend over or hold myself when the manager wasn’t looking. It was quite exciting to be trying to finish my work quickly while absolutely dying to pee, and knowing that my manager knew that I’d been holding on for hours. After a few more minutes I was finally done. I stood there jiggling and shifting from foot to foot as I struggled to undo my apron, quickly throwing it onto the hook.

She was stood right in the doorway to the kitchen working on the rota, so I had to walk past her to get out. “All done?” she asked as I walked up to her. “Yes, thank god! Can I go to the toilet now?” I asked jokingly, crossing my legs and jiggling on the spot. She smiled at me and I thought for a second she might actually say no just to tease me (I actually sort of hoped that she would, and make me wait even longer!) “Yes of course you can go love, quick!” I thanked her as I squeezed past her before making my way very quickly to the toilets, holding myself again as I ran up the stairs. There were no staff toilets in this part of the hotel, just a single cubicle for men and another for women, and as I walked as quickly as I could down the long corridor, I really hoped that it would be vacant! Thankfully it was, and I muttered “Oh thank God” as I hurried inside, locking the door behind me.

I yanked down my zip, pulled out my dick and immediately let loose a strong jet of pee into the bowl. My stream gushed into the water, echoing loudly around the cubicle and could no doubt be heard from the corridor outside. It went on and on, and it felt so good to finally pee that I groaned with relief as it poured out of me, relishing the feeling of finally releasing my bladder after hanging on for so many hours. I was going for probably over a minute, and when I was finally empty I sighed again before zipping up my trousers, finally able to do up the clasp now that my bladder was no longer rock hard.

