Confessions of a public pants wetter

Author: CalamityPants

*000*2019-05-24 02:58

I do not advocate for wetting in public, it's nasty for general public and could get you into trouble. However, when younger and dumber than I am now I did enact this little fantasy of mine.

My plan was to drive to a motorway service station with a full bladder, make my way to the bathrooms and have a minor 'accident' in one of the cubicles. My reasoning was that I didn't feel safe driving while truly desperate and I would be too pee shy to actually pee myself with people around me. I always use cubicles to pee in public bathrooms, because I am pee-shy. I hoped it would seem like I had lost control while trying to get my fly undone.

I enacted the plan several times at different service stations over a period lasting about a year. It was a long time ago however so many details are lost.

I remember the first time I did it, I peed in these brown 'industrial' styled jeans. I was certain that I would be spotted getting back the car. I was so nervous that I trembled violently like I have never done before or since. Amazingly I did get back to the car without any indication that I had been discovered. It was night time and the wetness on the jeans I selected didn't contrast too starkly.

Another time I wore light blue jeans which I wet down to one knee. Although it was night-time again, it was a long walk back through the well lit and surprisingly busy complex. As soon as I left the bathroom I had to walk head on past a gang of teenagers down a long narrow corridor. My heart nearly skipped a beat, adults I thought I cope with, teenagers could do anything. Lacking a way to cover my wetness without drawing attention, all I could do walk on briskly and hope I went unnoticed. Amazingly the teenagers didn't even glance in my direction, too busy chatting to each other and I escaped humiliation.

Until I walked through the cafe the bathrooms were connected too. A smart looking man in a business suit was sitting at one of tables. I spotting him gazing directly at my wet pants. He had sort of wry smile on his face, a mixture of pity and disgust I think. I continued to walk back the car. I don't remember any more incidents. In all my experiments, I was always surprised by how easy it is walk past someone wearing pants that you've obviously pissed in without them noticing.

My worst experience is when I peed in a pair beige jeans in the middle of the day when the service station was really busy. I had planned to only make a small wet patch on my crotch, but after only being able to force out a few dribbles, I was unsatisfied with the resulting tiny wet spot. So I took a moment to collect myself and relax, then pushed as hard as I could. I then proceeded to gush hard into my pants, rapidly soaking my crotch. I left immediately, not stopping for the damage to complete.

Upon leaving the bathroom I bumped into a middle aged man chaperoning a small boy into the bathroom. He took one look at the state of my pants and immediately placed his arm around the child as if to shield him from me. I already felt completely ashamed to be such weirdo. I had to pass so many people on the way out, but the only person I remember was an older lady who I would swear had spotted my predicament, but chose to become suddenly interested in something off to her left.

As I cleared the complex entrance I thought of my car now only short distance away across a car park that would provide valuable cover. But just as I stepped outside a couple spotted me and just stopped in their tracks; staring at me slack-jawed. I walked briskly past, but as I did so the woman suddenly shouted. “HE HAS WET HIS PANTS!” There were dozens of people milling around, yet place went so quiet you could hear a pin drop. It seemed like everyone was now looking at me. I didn't dare look around, I just stared at the floor as I marched back to the car.

People began to murmur as I retreated, I couldn't tell what was said and their was no way I stopping to find out, but I had obviously caused a proper commotion. Upon reaching the car I looked down and saw the damage for the first time. I had wet down both legs to past the knees. In the car, I sat there trembling with fear. I didn't dare drive in this state, so I sat for a while lighting a cigarette. I felt more desperate to pee in that moment than in any of the build up so just decided to forcibly piss myself in the car seat with a series concerted efforts.

During this process, I noticed the couple who spotted me earlier get into the car directly in front of me. We sat their face to face for what seemed like an eternity. They seemed to just want to stare with a look of abject horror and disgust on their faces. While I tried to avoid their gaze, continuing to heave bucket loads of pee into my pants. I put my head in hands and prayed they would just leave.

The experience was so traumatic that I vowed never to do it again. I thought that most people could tell that I had wet my pants deliberately. That made me feel terrible about myself. When I had hoped that I could pull of plausible accident. Now the experience is more than a decade old however, I have to admit the memory can now turn me on. Still, never again.

*003*2019-05-29 16:26

Haha! Have I shocked some people?

Still, you both upvoted my story so I'm glad I was entertaining at least.

