Accident at the river

Author: Jaieee

*000*2020-08-05 02:18

My partner and I found a really nice riverbank that is perfect for nude sunbathing. We went today, and I completely forgot to go the bathroom before we left the house. As I drove I could feel my bladder filling, but I knew I could hold it until we got there.

By the time made it to the water, I had forgotten about needing to pee. I laid out a light green tapestry on the ground and started to get undressed. All of a sudden I had to go SO bad. I danced around trying to make the urge go away. My hand shot down between my legs just as I started to piss through my denim shorts. My fingers got wet as the crotch of my shorts darkened.

I pulled myself together, and felt much better. I took my shorts off and rubbed my clit through my piss soaked panties. I laid down on my stomach on top of my blanket. My partner wandered off into the forest, so he couldn't see me as I started to squirm on the blanket. There was no denying how badly I had to pee now. I squeezed my thighs together and pressed my pussy against the ground.

Before I could control it, pee started trickling out between my lips. I moaned and felt the wet patch spread along my blanket. I thought to myself, "Oh fuck, I'm wetting myself! I can't have an accident on my blanket!"

I held tightly between my legs and desperately tried to maneuver the blanket from under me. I yanked a little too hard and then it was all over. I laid on my stomach and started pissing right through my hands. My partner came over as I felt the piss pooling between my thighs.

The wet spot beneath me kept growing and I whimpered "I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it and I'm having an accident. He waited until I was finished before coming over to feel my wet lips. He brushed his hand over my pussy and pulled his erect cock out of his pants. He rolled me over and slid inside me. I moaned and pissed a little more on his cock. We both climaxed soon after and bathed in the river.

