Hand in Warm Water/Ice

Author: realmadrid

*000*2012-07-08 00:30

Hey Friends,

I have been icing down a football (soccer) injury these past few days, and have been thinking about the the hand in warm water prank in result. I know a lot of people say that it works, but I have never seen any evidence of it. There aren't any videos except for the premium site hand in warm water pranks, which we all know are intentional.

I have thought about this prank, and I realized that the fingertips, which are usually shown in failed attempt youtubes, are not sensitive enough. My injury is in the thigh area, so while I was icing it I had the urge to go. (This is what in the first place made me come with this post).

Next I tried to ice the bottom of the foot, that also made me want to go. Finally, I tried above my bladder this also gave me the feeling. It seems to me that these are more sensitive areas for stimulating such a prank.

I did not pee as some were probably hoping, because I just don't to that. I am just wondering who has had the old fashioned method work? Also, is anybody willing to try my hypothesis out and tell me how it goes?

*004*2012-07-08 22:53

{{:

I know this isn't really an on-topic reply because it isn't about hands in warm/cold water, but it is related to external sensations causing an acute need to pee. I'm a nurse, and many times I've found the sound of trickling water to bring on an inconvenient urge to pee. Not running taps, as is commonly quoted, but less expected things. Of course, having a full bladder already tends to help bring it on, but its very common on a busy ward to have to keep putting off going to the toiiet until there's a break, or until it becomes a semi-emergency.

Many times when I've been squatting down beside a bed, emptying the patients cathether bag into a jug, I've had a strong urge to pee come on. Sometimes I can control it just by tightening up hard, but if its worse I'll have to bounce up and down slightly, hoping it doesn't get noticed. A few times when its been particularly bad I've spurted with the sudden effort of standing back up.

Another 'risky' activity with a full bladder is filling IV burettes. This is done standing up beside the patients bed, and the fluid dribbling slowly into the burette can easily cause a major urge to come on, made worse by the need to stand there and wait for it, and of course stand as still as possible because with nothing else going on the patient and any relatives are most likely to be watching! About all I can do to help is stand with one leg "casually" bent and maybe shift weight from one leg to the other once or twice, trying not to make it too obvious.

One other work situation that can bring on a big urge for me is testing or measuring a patient's urine. As this is done in the pan room there is at least some privacy, but it's not always reliable! Twice now other nurses have walked in while I've been uncomfortably squirming, and one time I was even holding myself. Embarrassing!

Anna B.

}}

Since you went off topic, I am just wondering if it would be possible for you share some of your hospital based stories desperation/wetting/leaking etc.

