Desperatly driving home from work

Author: maxpee

*000*2016-02-11 23:23

Some of you may have read my story ‘wetting in my car’, which I posted a week ago. This is kinda the next episode of me trying to be a healthy hydrated girl.

Last Monday (1st of February) I had another normal day at work. I had to work 2 hours, after that I had an hour of spare time and after that I had to work for another 2 hours + some driving around in my car.

The town where I work isn’t nearby my city. I have to drive for about 40 minutes before I get there. Since I only have one spare hour, I don’t have the time to go home between the 2 working sessions. Luckily one of my best friends lives in the town where I work and she never has to work on Monday. I called her up that morning to see if she liked to have a drink, to which she agreed.

So before I left for work, I again drank a lot of water. I wasn’t really worried, because I thought I could manage two hours of working without bathroom breaks. I did put on a pullup before I left, just in case. On top of that, I wore my normal panties, to make the pullup a bit more fitting.

So my first two hours of working went smoothly. After that I went to the bathroom and then I left to meet my friend. We went to a tearoom and had both 2 drinks while chatting. Before saying goodbye to my friend, I went to the bathroom again. It was now 4 p.m. and I would be home around 7 p.m.

Let’s skip to the interesting parts. I had to work with my last patient for an hour. While I was doing so, the drinks I had with my friend found their way to my bladder and were asking to be let out. It was around 5.45 p.m. when I started to get a little uncomfortable. I don’t know, maybe 6/10. But I still had to work for 45 minutes and my desperation always increases fast. 15 minutes later, I was already at 8/10. I was squirming in my seat in front of my patient, occasionally tugging my pants and crossing and uncrossing my legs. 

Between 6 p.m. and 6.30. p.m. I looked at the time almost every two minutes and started considering just asking if I could use their bathroom instead of pee dancing in my chair. But I can’t help being pee shy. I didn’t want anyone to know about my desperate state, so I just tried to calm down. I was wearing a pullup. If I leaked, nothing would be visible. I had nothing to worry about, although I knew in the back of my head that I wouldn’t make it home dry if I didn’t pee in my patient’s house.

When my working session was finished at 6.30 p.m. I said goodbye to my patient and quickly jumped into my car. The moment I sat down, a wave of desperation hit me and I started squirming like mad again, now being able to push my hand between my legs to hold myself. I took a few seconds to think of a solution, because there was just no way I would make it home without peeing. I was at 9/10 and still had to drive for half an hour. My bladder was so full that I didn’t even dare to use the pullup, because I felt like it wouldn’t be able to absorb all the pee without leaking into my light grey jeans. The only solution I could think of was peeing somewhere down the road. It was already dark outside, so I hoped I would find a fitting place to pee without getting caught.

I started driving around like mad, squirming in my seat. It even might have been a little bit dangerous. The whole route home, my eyes flashed outside to see if I could find a place to stop and squat next to my car, but I had no luck. Every 100 meters there was a house, there were streetlights or there was no place to park the car safely.

By the time I had driven 20 minutes, I felt like I could cry. I was beyond desperate. The only thing I could think of was finding a place to pee. My bladder knew release was coming soon. I prevented myself from wetting by pushing my hand between my legs. My body was curled up. I was hopping up and down, rocking back and forth, moaning and cursing under my breathe. It was a full on pee dance with everything included. On top of that I started spurting uncontrollably into the pullup. I thanked myself I had put the pullup on, because otherwise my carseat would be getting wet for the second time in 4 days. The last 10 minutes my pee constantly dripped into the pullup, but I managed to keep control, kinda.

When I finally parked my car in front of my house, I was afraid to get out of the car, because gravity would start doing its work. I said to myself: hey, calm down, you’re home. You’re gonna make it to the bathroom and no one is gonna see you wet yourself a little bit.

I took all my stuff in my hands before getting up from my car and rushed to the front door. While lifting my legs, I opened the front door and immediatly dashed into the bathroom while throwing my bags into the hallway. I made another pee dance in front of the toilet while undoing my jeans, but I managed to do so without leaking any further. The moment I sat down, it was pure glory. I was so reliefed. While emptying my bladder, I inspected the damage in my pants. The pullup was wet from all the leaks, but my panties were also wet. Apparently the pullup had moved a bit while I was squirming and pushing my hands between my legs, that I also peed my panties.

If you guys want, I will also write the story about what happened the next day. Because, yes, I again didn’t quite manage to control my bladder.

*007*2016-02-13 10:30

{{ 

Yeah your stories are soo hot! I'd love to read the next one. I really like how you describe leaking and losing control. And I love the part in your last story about sitting in your pee and how it pooled in your lap... Oh and just curious but what kind of pull-up do you wear?

}}

Thank you!

I wore a drynite. I don't fit these anymore, so I rip apart the sides and put the pull-up inside my panties.

So it's kinda lik a huge sanitary pad. They don't draw any attention.

I also have adult diapers, but I don't dare to use them in public, because I'm afraid people might notice.

