LAO Bathroom Denial

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-06-14 16:51

LAO stands for Live Action Omorashi, if you want to ask!

I woke up this morning and i simply didn't pee like i usually do every morning or after i wake up. So i skipped the pee break and i only washed my face and brushed my teeth, i ate something and after that i took a seat on my chair and turned my laptop on.

Firstly, i was drinking a bottle of water while i was still on my chair or being in another room in order to wait for results. Secondly, i went to store to buy a soda and when i came back home, i began to drink the soda and this time i lay on my bed or standing near the window and once again i didn't feel anything. And finally, i decided to drink one more time a bottle of water, i wait for like 20 minutes until i could feel that my bladder was full. And i did what i always want to do: to share my desperation status on Live thread and also asking for permission because i like to play this "game".

I asked for permission right in the moment when i already feel i was bursting. And the answer was of course: no. Also i was demanded to take a drink, to walk around inside the house or around the block. I passed it but i was still denied to pee after i asked once again (also begging). OMG, i couldn't endure anymore. I was holding my crotch like crazy, crossing my legs, squatting on the floor for a while, all these things for almost a half an hour, i guess.

Because i couldn't hold it much longer, i just got in the bathtub and letting the flow down my pants. The urine came out like a waterfall stream until it became just a trinkle or small drops of pee. It was so good to finally feel relieved (if i just peed on toilet with my pants down, that would be CHEATING). Aftermath: taking a shower, washing my peed pants and taking some pictures:

$$

$$

