George, my classmate

Author: Lukhas

*000*2016-05-29 17:04

George was my classmate but only two times in the week when we had French lesson. I was into peeing a long time ago, it started when I peed myself for the first time as little older. But I must admit that I like to see how the others fight with theirs bodies and in the best case- how the others pee themself.

In the middle of one day we had French lesson. We had listened some conversation from radio. I was little bored and look around classroom. I noticed that George did something what we could call pee dancing in the chair. He tried to be discreet but I was long time into peeing and holding pee, so I knew that he was- most probably- in pee troubles. Yes, my wish was that he could pee himself in front of us, but at the same time I felt sorry for him. He was not pee shy so he tok his hand up and tried to ask for bathroom. But we had listened and teacher did not pay attention to him. So he tok his hand back and tried it later and later. He must wait maybe 15 minutes when teacher noticed him:

Teacher: yes, George, what can I do for you?

George: please, I need to go to the bathroom

Teacher: George, now is only five minutes to the break, we get to listen last listening and after it it will be break.

George said nothing and was seated again. We started to listen again and after 1 minute I tok a look to the George and could see how tears run from his face. I tok a look on the chair and could see how his pee was dripping on the floor. But not so much and we listened, so nobody noticed it.

On the end of lesson tok his books so slowly to the bag to go last from classroom. I tok my book slowly too but it was embarrassing for me to follow him. Next day some of my classmates was talking about one guy which peed himself so I think he did not manage to hide it.

*003*2016-05-30 10:50

I think, this teacher let him go to hte bathroom but she did not pay attention because she helped to the others with listening. George wanted to ask in a good time but maybe when he saw that she did not pay attention he got to be more nervous and it could results that his need rose too much quickly. And when teacher paid attention to him- it was classic situation with only a few minutes to the break, she said "you can hold it 5 minutes", George was not brave enough to say "I need too badly" so he sat back behind his desk and short time after started to pee in his jeans. Poor boy.

*005*2016-05-31 10:23

Same here- some teachers let girls go without any word. Maybe due to their peroid because we only ask for bathroom, we do not ask for peeing or pooping. And some teachers expect that boys can hold it more time. But boys do also mistakes: one part of them is too shy to ask (me :-))) and one part believe that they can hold it long time and suddenly they can feel how their bladder gives up and empties all pee to pants.

