A true story dictated to me by my friends

Author: Darksyn

*000*2012-01-10 06:43

The friend that told me this is really close to me, as is her girlfriend... We generally get into some pretty fun holding/wetting games, and their experience I'm about to share is an example of one sort of game, with a twist. I'm posting this with express permission, as my friend is standing right over my shoulder and telling me to share their fun!

A short description of the two, as I originally typed this out for another friend of mine; (Again with both of the girls prodding me to do so.)

Rei is a Japanese-Canadian (Her mom is Japanese, and her dad is Canadian) , and is 5'1, with a light complexion, black hair, and green eyes, and a slim figure. She's pretty small-chested, but she's not flat, and is otherwise shapely in a manner fitting her small frame. She speaks nearly unaccented english, when she isn't teasing Natasha or myself in Japanese.

Natasha (Nata, Nata-chan, etc.) is Russian-Canadian (Via immigration), She's closer to 5'6, 5'7-ish, very pale, and has blonde hair and gray eyes. She's a bit more athletic than Rei, and a little bit bustier, with fairly modest curves (But not unattractive, TRUST ME ON THIS. *Is hit*) Her english is accented fairly heavily, but she's fluent.

And now for the actual story!

Mid-November, over at their apartment, the two girls were relaxing and enjoying the weekend, and so decided to play some games on their Wii console, particularly Super Smash Brothers Brawl.

After a couple of warm-up matches, Natasha decided to make it a holding contest, with some simple rules for drinking. 100ml of water per every time knocked out, and 100ml of Tea, coffee, or soda (Basically, diuretic drinks) for every time they knocked their own character out, all totalled after a five minute timed match.

At first, Nata had an advantage over Rei, mostly from teasing the poor girl, though Rei quickly caught on and ignored her girlfriend’s antics and focused on the game. (Though not before getting knocked out twice from diverting her eyes elsewhere.

Three minutes in, Natasha started an offensive rush, but was quickly countered and tossed off the level, although she damaged Rei’s character heavily.

(Now the interesting part!)

The end tally for falls/deaths was: Rei, 7 incurred from fighting, one from a suicide attack. (700ml normal drink, 100ml diuretic) Natasha, 10 incurred from fighting, two suicides. (1L normal, 200ml diuretic, and yes, she got her ass kicked.)

The girls pre-poured drinks and set them aside in their fridge for later, each taking a glass of about 250ml of their drink of choice, quickly drank them, and continued to play normal matches, with much lower stakes. (Rei thought 1L was enough, and I’m inclined to agree.)

After a few more games, and plenty of goofing around, the two grabbed more drinks, and decided to just cuddle for a while, Natasha with her head on Rei’s lap, so Rei could run her fingers through Nata’s hair.

Hours passed, and the two decided to head out for a walk, choosing to take what remained of their drinks with them. (Not much, water bottles each.) They chose to walk to a small park nearby, and stroll around the large pond there.

Not far into their stroll, Rei started to feel a growing pressure in her bladder, and so looked to Natasha, who was faring worse then her, already pressing her thighs together tightly whenever they stopped.

Once they rounded the final turn on the path around the large pond, Natasha was bursting, and cared little about what other people may have thought, though there were few around, and held herself un-subtly, occasionally bouncing her knees when her bladder spasmed.

Rei was doing a little better; still able to restrain herself from crossing her legs, or holding herself, though she admits she could feel her bladder’s contents sloshing around as she walked.

They passed by another couple walking by, but the other people pretty much ignored them and kept walking, for which Nata was pretty thankful.

Near the end of their walk, Rei walked ahead of Nata and looked around, and then came back, gesturing to behind a small maintenance shed made of concrete, before winking playfully at Natasha and kissing her. The girls slipped behind the shed and sat themselves on the roots of a small tree next to the little building, allowing Rei to push Nata back against the tree trunk.

Rei quickly slipped her hands up Nata’s shirt and into the cups of her bra, which prompted shivers when her cold hands cupped the Russian’s breasts. Just as she adjusted to the sharp temperature difference, Natasha clenched her thighs more tightly, the chill made it difficult to maintain control, and the crotch of her panties was already warm and soaked, partially from her leaking slightly and partially because of her arousal due to the situation.

The Japanese girl shifted in closer, to allow her access to Natasha’s lips, and to seat herself on her desperate girlfriend’s lap, with her legs off to the side, thighs rubbing lightly against each other.

At this point, Rei’s gentle massaging of Natasha’s breasts and rock-hard nipples had knocked most thoughts of sense out of the girl’s head, and she grabbed Rei by the shoulders and pulled her closer into her lap, startling the shorter girl slightly.

Natasha’s forceful tug only encouraged Rei further, and the Asian girl broke her kiss with Nata to trail down to her left breast, and begin playfully sucking on the already achingly hard nipple, running her tongue forcefully around it between applying more suction.

Natasha was in bliss, and nearly driven to orgasm, as her control slipped, and her bladder emptied itself in a hissing torrent, soaking the seat of her jeans, and leaving trails along the back of her legs, when the fabric could hold no more, it splashed and dripped out of her jeans, and poured over the bark and roots of the tree the two were sitting on, before coalescing into a fairly large puddle.

Immediately catching Nata’s loss of control Rei slipped her free hand down past the waistband of the Russian’s jeans and panties, and slipped her fingers inside her lover, pumping them in at out at a steady pace.

Natasha bit back a deep, long moan, and arched her back as she squirted into her already ruined panties, before collapsing onto Rei’s shoulder, and breathily giggling.

The girls heard the sound of feet on gravel on the nearby path, and quickly snapped back to the real world, staying deathly quiet as somebody passed by, and thankfully, didn’t see them.

Nata quietly noted after the person was long past, that they should continue at home, and Rei agreed, bar one thing, she lifted her skirt up to reveal her own dampened panties, and shifted herself to allow her to straddle one of Natasha’s legs, before rejoining their broken kiss, holding her lover tightly as she began bucking her hips against Nata’s clothed leg, and letting go of the control of her own overtaxed bladder, though much more slowly, letting out long spurts, shifting as she increased her pace to a slow, constant flow.

Natasha giggles amusedly through their kiss, but shifts her leg so that Rei is running herself against Nata’s slightly bent knee. Rei quickens her pace, squeaking moans into Nata’s mouth as her pace steadily increases, and as she finishes emptying her now relaxed bladder, bucks one last time against Natasha’s leg, before falling from the taller girl’s lap into the puddle the two both contributed to, breathless, with her panties still leaking her own juices.

The two recover quickly enough, and soon the two are headed home, with their jackets around their waists, and pleased smiles on their faces.

(And that is all that I had info enough on to write, hope you enjoyed it as much as I did writing and hearing about it!)

...If it isn't obvious enough, The two are pretty close to friends-with-benefits with myself, for which I count myself lucky.

I cannot stress this enough, though, that both gave me the okay to post this. They know about the site, and want to contribute, though they don't have their own accounts. Best wishes from Natasha, Rei, and Myself, to all of you here on Omo.org, and I (And occasionally, they) hope to contribute more in the future.

*002*2012-01-10 20:58

Could work with any number of games, really. considering doing pokemon battles on my old gameboy SP with 'em and whoever loses a pokemon takes a penalty per knockout, for example.

And yeah, I've seen the spot they were at, lucky we have nice parks around town here, heh.

*006*2012-01-13 21:44

As soon as I can pull those two away from eachother for five seconds, expect another story, possibly similar to this one.

Might throw in a story about myself eventually, as well, if anybody is interested in hearing about 'em.

