After a night class

Author: scinosensation

*000*2021-05-06 04:11

This event was brought to my memory by the fiction story of Naomi’s fFirst Day by @segaface

This story is not fiction although it is based on memories that may be embellished by the passage of time.

In the spring of my 4th year of college I was taking the last course I needed to graduate. It met once a week in the evenings after dinner. On this day after dinner I had not used the restroom because I felt no need. I did drink several glasses of iced tea at dinner, then went to the class. The class took breaks about every hour or 1 1/2 hours. This day there was just the one break. At the break I was aware of my bladder but I had absolutely no sense of urgency. About half an hour into the last part of the class the pressure increased suddenly. I was certain I could wait until the class was over. Half an hour later I thought I might have to sneak out before the class was over. The class was dismissed about 20 minutes later. I walked out of the classroom but did not even try to get to the restroom. I expected to have no problem getting to my dorm, where I was going to spend the rest of the evening with a friend.

When I got outside one of my friends in the class, with whom I had other classes, wanted to talk so we sat down on the steps and we talked about a different class. We had been talking for about 15 minutes, about the time it would have taken to get to my dorm. I felt a sharp increase in my bladder pressure that did not let up. I stop talking mid sentence when I got an amazing sense of release as warmth exploded in my undies and spread from my crotch to my butt before I could stop it. She asked if I was OK. As soon as I could I finished what I had to say. She asked again if something was wrong. I asked what she meant. She said I had stopped talking as if there were something wrong, but then I seemed to go back to normal. I said something along the lines of “Oh that. It’s no big deal; I just tried to not to go in my pants, but I couldn’t wait.”. She admitted she had to go too but she had no clean clothes for tomorrow.

She and I had been at a party a couple of weekends earlier and we both got drunk. I walked her home and I was struggling to control my bladder. We were almost at her apartment when she wet her pants and just said she waited too long. I told her I couldn’t wait either and quickly my crotch and up to my waist and my butt and down my legs were wet. So we both had a history of wetting in front of the other.

We stood up to leave and walked as far as we could before parting ways. I walked back to my dorm and my friend there, who had gotten somewhat drunk and wet her pants while with a group of us were having pizza. I just told her I got in a conversation with a friend after the class and just had an accident.

