Unexpected awesome at the dreaded swimming day

Author: Rain Grey

*000*2011-09-12 02:51

So every year at primary school there would be a swimming day. Our school had four houses, and you had to enter a couple of events for your house...and I hated it. I've always sucked at swimming.

Anyway, for six years I had dreaded swimming day, and now in my final year I had no reason to feel any differently. But as it turned out, that day was to be different...

Of the four houses, mine didn't have that many "lookers". Most of them were in the red house (mine was green). But it did have one really pert brunette, Andrea. She still had a bit of puppy fat, but it added to her charm. She had long, very luxuriant hair in gorgeous ringlets, and an oval face that smiled really easily.

I remember once, in our second year of primary school, before I really got aroused by wetting or even understood that it was sexual at all, she had wet herself in class. I think she had a weak bladder, and I suspect very strongly that she had an exhibitionist streak and enjoyed holding it... Because the time she wet herself in class, she didn't seem embarrassed. She just found it funny. She sat there in her soaked dress, with a huge puddle under her chair, shaking with laughter. I guess that could have been her way of shielding herself, but she really didn't seem worried about what had happened, even as she was cleaning it up with a big roll of toilet paper!

Anyway, for swimming day we all had to wear black one-piece bathers...that was the "school uniform". By that stage I'd gotten wetting all figured out, and would secretly wet myself in my bathers all the time during summer (we had a pool at home). I used to love lying on my towel in the back yard with a full bladder, and just letting go, feeling it pool between my thighs before soaking down through my towel into the grass. To this day I still get turned on by one-piece bathers.

For swimming day, everyone sat in the bleachers. One house got one bleacher each, but of course there's not that much space to go around, so we always ended up with people pushing each other off, and all the less assertive kids had to sit on the concrete between the bleachers and the pool. I wasn't a very assertive person, and I guess Andrea wasn't either, because I happened to end up sitting next to her, maybe a foot away.

I didn't really think anything of this. I was busy dying of fear at having to get into that pool and come last for the seventh year in a row.

But then, after about half an hour of sitting, watching other people swim (so boring), one of the kids sitting on the other side of Andrea from me suddenly jumps up yelling. I look across, and Andrea is just sitting there, really still with her legs crossed, bent over slightly and shaking from silent laughter. And around her is a puddle that's spreading rapidly outward toward the other kids.

Well, of course I jump up instinctively...who wants to sit in someone else's pee right? But at the same time I'm suddenly totally engrossed in this new turn of events. My eyes focus in unwaveringly on Andrea's crotch, and I can see her firm mound, covered in tight black lycra, is glistening. There's a thick tap of pee forcing its way steadily through her bathers...you know how it swells out into a round liquid blob as it pushes its way through the material...and the wetness is slowly spreading across the bottom of her bathers, turning them shiny.

It didn't seem like she was trying to stop at all. In fact, right then she stopped bending over, and sat back with her hands on the concrete behind her, uncrossing her legs and putting her knees together, so she was sitting with her feet out and her legs bent. I pretended to be moving further away, and scooted over to sit halfway in front of her, half to the side, so I got a great view of the pee gushing out of her, pouring through her glistening bathers.

After what seemed like an age (an age that was far too short), the stream slowed and the thick bauble of pee faded. I watched, totally fascinated, as it swelled back up for a moment as she forced the last of her bladder's contents out.

Then a teacher appeared and started yelling at her and she had to go to the toilets to clean herself up. But she didn't seem upset about it at all. She was still laughing as she walked away.

*002*2011-09-12 22:00

{{ 

Great story, wish I was you! I have never ever seen anyone pee themselves in school, though a lot of people in my class have come close:(.

}}

I haven't seen anyone pee themselves in school apart from this one time (and the accident in grade 2 or whatever you call it...but six or seven year olds peeing themselves...neither a turnon, nor a big deal).

There are some girls I would have done anything to see wet themselves in high school...but they never did. So inconsiderate :)

