Back when i use to hold...

Author: RavenEevee

*000*2015-12-08 02:41

Well I cant remember my age, and im not sure how interesting it maybe to some of you but i would like to share

A few years ago (back when i was 13 maybe and im 19 now) I use to roleplay on a site called mocospace, I had started to get more curious about peeing, and what it was all about, and to be honest i thought i was the only person that liked it at the time.

One day i so happened to get into some pee based roleplays with this one person, i cant remember his name but i knew he was alot older then me. We would rp about peeing outside, on each other, and where ever we wanted and i found myself getting aroused every time. One time we decided to try holding in rl. I never really knew what holding was about, but i figured i would try it.

The guy told me i had to drink alot of water, and not go to the bathroom until he told me i could. i shrugged it off and said to myself "sure why not" I knew i liked wetting at the time so i laid down some towels on my computer chair and put on a pair of jeans. I started drinking water the whole time we talked and a few minutes passed with him asking if i had to pee and how badly, but i wasnt feeling the need at the time.

Some hours passed finally, and i had gotten offline for a bit, I got back on 30 minutes later and messaged him again telling him i was about a 7 out of 10 scale for having to pee. He told me to keep drinking and to relax. Every time i would relax i would feel myself about to pee but i would start holding again. I kept this up for another 45 minutes and soon i was squirming in my chair, the towels under my were beginning to get warm from me sitting on them so long and my bladder was pinned against my pants waist line. I was moaning and some how aroused, i asked if i could release alittle but he told me no.

Another 15 minutes went by and i was panting in the chair unable to move, he messaged me again and told me to get up walk into the bathroom and stand beside the toilet for 3 minutes then sit back down. It was the longest 3 minutes i ever had to go through, i was tip toeing and holding myself until i could sit back down.

I started begging him to let me pee, and that i couldnt take it much longer. He finally said and i relaxed my bladder, i was holding so long it took a second for my pee to start flowing but it finally did, the towel didnt do anything because my pee started to flow so badly it ran right off the towel and didnt absorb at all. I stained the floor and my pants grew warmer and warmer as the pee spread around my butt and thighs.

I was happy that i got to wet myself but the holding it's self was something i was still unsure about. A couple weeks later i looked up holding and found that it was bad for you and could hurt your bladder really bad as you grow older... I also read it was a way some people like to control others. Im more of a dominate and the idea of someone controlling me isnt something i want to be a part of...

I still enjoy wetting, i dont hold or use diapers.. If i do hold though it wont be for longer then an hour and i have to already want to pee.

I wouldnt mind having a girlfriend into peeing and was submissive, If she wanted to hold i wouldnt mind, but i guess cause i'd be controlling it ^^''

