American Football Wetting

Author: Jhen1897

*000*2016-10-01 09:02

In my sophomore year of high school, I joined the school varsity football team. Due to my status as a newcomer, I was relegated to the bench for most of the season. For anyone here that has ever played football, you know how much standing around and doing nothing that entails. This combined with my pre-existing bladder control issues led to a lot of close calls until one day, it went beyond that. For home games, it was customary for us to show up a few hours early and just relax and get loose before the game. 

Then, about 40 minutes before taking the field, we would suit up. On the day in question, I had fallen asleep after I got home from school. I woke up about 15 minutes before the game was set to kickoff. In a panic, I grabbed all my gear and hopped in my car, speeding all the way to the field. During the drive I noticed that I had pee quite badly. When I got to the field, I saw that several of my teammates were already on the field warming up. I sprinted into the locker room as fast as I could and got dressed. Anyone who’s played football at any level knows that the football gear and tight uniform don’t exactly slip on.

By the time I was done I was the last person left in the locker room. I looked at the bathroom stall (Just a toilet with a small partition…no door) in the corner of the locker room longingly, but I knew my coach was already mad about my being late. I figured I could hold it until halftime, so I put my helmet on and ran out to the field. I was doing fine all throughout the first quarter, but with about 8 minutes left in the second quarter, the urge came back strong. I was trying hard to hold it in but I also didn’t want to move around too much cuz I knew all the people in the stands could see what I was doing. 3 minutes later, I had no choice. 

Too desperate to care what people think now, I grabbed my crotch and started jumping up and down. Luckily our team was moving the ball down the field well at the moment and most of my teammates were also jumping up and down, though I was pretty sure I was the only one doing it to stop myself from peeing my pants. With just 2 minutes left in the half, I couldn’t hold it anymore. With everyone’s attention on the play on the field, I felt myself lose control. The front of my tight football pants suddenly grew warm.

The warmth spread down my legs and eventually ended up on the turf. Luckily we were wearing black pants so I don’t think anyone noticed. I kept peeing for what felt like eternity, but according to the score board, it lasted just under 2 minutes. I finished as the final seconds ticked off the clock. As the team jogged back to the locker room, I waddled after them. Once I was in the locker room, I decided there was nothing I could do to clean up until after the game. I stood on the sideline for the rest of the game in wet pants.

After the game was finally over, I sat in the locker room and waited until I was the last person left. I removing all my gear. I was wearing 4 layers of pants, which is actually pretty normal for football. I was wearing a pair of red boxers, black Nike tights (kinda goes hand in hand with east coast football), a girdle (basically compression shorts with built in knee and thigh pads), and the black football pants on the outside. I peeled off the wet layers one by one.

When I got to my boxers, I stopped for a moment as I realized how large and pronounced the wet spot was. I decided I didn’t want to stay in pee soaked clothes any longer. I slipped my fingers into the waistband of the boxers and was about to pull it down when the door opened. I froze as a cheerleader walked in. In a panic, I looked for something to cover my wet boxers with. By the time I turned around and grabbed my basketball shorts, she had gotten a clear look at the stain on my boxers. She laughed (like not exactly at me, just laughing at the situation) and asked what happened. Admitting defeat,I explained to her how I was late and ended up wetting myself during the game.

She let out an “aww” (in a very cute way I might add) of sympathy. I asked her what she was doing there. She told me that she had forgotten her phone in the locker room. (The cheerleader’s locker room was right next to out locker room, with an adjoining door in between. The door to their locker room was already locked for the night) Anyway, we had a good laugh about my situation, then she grabbed her phone and went home. The day’s events had been so embarrassing, but at least I got a friend out of it all haha

