Dating a bedwetter

Author: BleachBod

*000*2021-06-15 20:47

First of all, this is ENTIRELY true. I will do my best to do no embellishing at all.

So this is going back a few years, but there was a brief stint in my life where I was dating a nightly bedwetter.

He was my height, a few years older, and had an awkward gait about him. But he was fairly kind, and made decent conversation. One of our earlier talks as we started to get more serious was a game changer, though.

“Hey, can we talk about something? It’s just something about me that you should know.”

”sure, what’s up?”

”So my body does this thing every night, and I don’t know why, but like, nearly every night of the week I pee the bed.”

My mind goes blank, my junk starts getting firm, and my imagination runs wild. I reply

“hot, sounds like fun ;D”

His next replies are all relief, shock at my kink, and jokes. We talk a bit more on the subject, and he clarifies “I usually have to wash my sheets every night, so I prefer to sleep without a diaper.”

Once we started sharing a bed together, it was a game changer. I’m an insomniac, so I usually just chill in bed and play on my phone for hours until I pass out. He could sleep through a tornado. One night in my bed, I’m relaxing and reading something-or-another, when I suddenly feel something, and I know exactly what it is.

Now, we had shared a bed plenty up until this point, and he’s wet the bed every single time, but this time was different.

From the angle he was positioned, combined with the fact that my knees tented the blanket from how my legs were crossed, this man ended up releasing a days amount of pee directly onto my balls and in my lap. I was in absolute disbelief. “I can’t believe this is happening”, I thought to myself.

Feeling his pee pool from his side of the bed onto me was erotic, but there was something different about feeling him not wetting the bed, but wetting me. I was rock solid at this point. I took a few gliding strokes of myself and absolutely lost control. I ended up accidentally blowing a massive load directly into the blanket. Normally I’m more tidy, but if I had to do laundry anyway, I might as well save myself the trouble.

I wish I had a video of that happening, because it was the hottest thing that’s ever happened to me in my whole life.

