Desperate during online meeting

Author: NaughtyGirlNix

*000*2022-01-31 23:03

This is quite a long story, so I apologize for that!

I recently started a new job working from home, so this allows me to do holds if I'm alone (my partner also works from home occasionally). I don't usually hold until I'm bursting. I'll usually hold enough to feel a bit of pressure but then I give up.

Anyways, a few days ago I had 2 meetings in a row and I was home alone that morning so I thought it would be the perfect timing to do a hold and still make it to the toilet in time after the meeting. (Side note: I haven't wet myself fully in many many years and I didn't want to have to explain that to my partner.)

That morning, I woke up and went to pee first thing. I stayed in my tights (one of the perks of working from home), and my partner had made me a cup of coffee. It was a lot stronger than usual because he made it in a smaller cup. I drank my coffee and sat down to look through some emails and plan my day, before getting ready for my meetings.

After my coffee, my partner and son had left the house and I had breakfast and filled up my 750ml bottle of water, and sat down in front of my laptop again. I finished the water within about 15 minutes, and went into the first meeting. The first meeting was only about 20 minutes, and I could already feel my bladder filling quite quickly. It wasn't bad yet so I was certain I'd be fine to get through the next longer meeting.

After the first meeting, I refilled my bottle and finished it while replying to emails before joining the second meeting. I refilled it again, and joined the meeting. This meeting was scheduled to last for 2 hours, but I was sure it would end earlier like they usually do. Our cameras have to be on for the duration of the meeting (unless somebody is having issues with their internet, and then they'll ask us to switch the cameras off).

The first 45 minutes or so of the meeting went okay, but I quickly went from feeling slightly full to absolutely desperate. It felt like all the liquid had gone straight through me and I was dying to release it. I tried not to make it obvious and had my hand buried between my legs, with my fingers tightly pressed against my vagina.

Time passed so slowly, and I went through waves of being okay, and then having to grab myself discreetly to try to hold it in. Around an hour and 15 minutes into the meeting, I felt the first drops start to come out. I pulled my tights down slightly and put my hand in my panties so I could put pressure against my peehole. I was so wet and drops of pee kept coming out. I really tried my best to not wiggle around too much as my camera was still on, but at this point I knew that if the meeting didn't end soon, I'd wet myself.

Another 5 or 10 minutes passed, and I thought I'd be okay, but then I couldn't control the leak that came out. It was a 2/3 second leak, enough to soak my panties, and I started panicking. Luckily at that moment, my manager asked if anybody had anything else to say, and I was so relieved that nobody said anything. We ended the meeting, and I had to hold myself for a minute to try to get up off my chair without my pee exploding everywhere.

I hobbled over to the bathroom while spurting into my panties, and as I entered the bathroom, I pulled my wet panties down and sat with my bum over the edge of the bath and let go. I don't think I've ever peed that much in my life. I wish I had measured how much pee it was because I usually have a very small bladder. I definitely plan on doing another hold like that and I will measure how much I manage to hold

*002*2022-02-01 19:00

It definitely gives me a bit of a thrill, but when the situation becomes dire, I do start to panic a bit

I've only got a 500ml measuring jug, and I'm sure that this last incident would've been a lot more than that. I've never measured before, so definitely interested to see how much I can actually hold!

