Accidents I've had

Author: NotARealName1

*000*2021-06-16 08:01

I wrote a post on here back in April asking for advice about whether it would be ok to have an "accident-on-purpose" with a partner who was unaware of that it was a turn on for me. In that post I explained that the root of my fetish was an Overactive Bladder condition I've had since I was in middle school. The quick summary of it is that when I was in Grade 7 I started to wet my bed again and would get get desperate quickly. I avoided any issues until a bus trip when I had a full accident. After another in the summer between grade 7 and 8 I was taken to the doctor and, eventually, that lead to me being given meds and strategies to get the OB under control.

It's mostly been fine since. When I wrote the initial post I said that I would come back and share my experiences since then. Here I am.

As I said back in April, I have wet the bed occasionally throughout my life. Sometimes its 2-3 times a year and sometimes I go 18 months, but I know it's going to happen eventually. I won't go into the details of that as there would be too many to talk about. I will say that I got very good at hiding it when I had roommates and that I have shared this info with the long term girlfriends I have had. They've all been supportive.

OB flares up from time to time and makes me have to go NOW. I have had many close calls over the years and occasional small leaks. Again, I hide it well and move on quickly.

There have been three...incidents though. No hiding them. We're talking full on accidents.

The first happened in college. I was walking home from a bar by myself. The walk was about 20 min and about 5 min in it hit. I hadn't been drinking that much, so I was a bit surprised by the intensity of the urge (I also had been dry since the grade 8 accident so I figured I would be ok and didn't always empty my bladder before I would be away from a bathroom for a while – a habit I would pick up after this night). I went from 0 to 100 in about two min and was viably dancing and bending. There was a group of students nearby that were staring at me and giggle. My face was red and I was getting frantic. I wanted to get off the main street to see if I could find a place to go and, also, if this was to turn out badly I didn't want people to see.

I found a street and started looking. There was too much action on the street and in the student housing so I just put my head down and walked as fast as I could. I actually did make it home. I walked in the door and, to my horror, my roommate was having a shower. Seriously? So I ran upstairs to the other bathroom. You guessed it. Taken. I was in full panic now. All I could think to do was to go down to my bedroom and wait for one of the bathrooms to be free. I walked into the room and a huge wave hit me. I grabbed myself and bend down to stop it. I could feel it right at the brink. I thought maybe it would be easier to hold it if I was sitting so I walked to my chair and started to lower myself.

I felt the first squirt come out as I started to sit. I looked down to see how bad it was and it was like a wave hit me and it just started flowing. I watched as my pants became wetter and it started to run down my legs. All I could do was laugh and change. The bathroom became free about 2 min later. I told my roommates about 6 months after and everyone had quite the laugh.

The next time was about 3 years after that. I was driving back from a summer job in the woods with two other staff members. We hit very bad traffic about 30 minutes into the ride. My urge hit me about 15 min after that. This traffic jam was nuts and my urge grew and grew and I became viably desperate soon after. This story mortifies me and turns me on to this day because I am turned on by the embarrassment, but also legit embarrassed. The details of how this played out are likely obvious. I was trapped in a car. But, what was makes it stand out to me is that I needed to tell the person sitting beside me what was happening. I remember saying "I don't know how much longer I can wait" to her at one point and her reassuring me.

A few minutes later I told her that I had a "small bladder" and that it "wouldn't be the first time I peed myself." She was great. Told me to try my best and that everyone has accidents. Sadly, she didn't share any of hers, but I was turned on by the idea. It came out in three squirts. The first was small and I couldn't really see it. Then I lost control for about 3 seconds and I said "oh God" and looked down at my pants. I looked at the person beside me at just said "I'm going to pee my pants," and then the rest just came out. The embarrassment was intense and then relived when I had to tell the driver what happened. Both were sympathetic and helped me hide it at a gas station we finally were able to get to. They both promised to never tell anyone and, as far as I know, they didn't. The girl I was beside brought it up to me years later in a friendly, teasing way, but that was all. Still. Peeing yourself beside a friend is pretty bad.

The last one happened two years ago. It's not the most eventful story to be honest . Similar to story 1 I was walking home. Hit me hard about 10 min from home. I went as fast as I can, but it was bad. I had a double door into my unit at the time. Opened the first. Went to put the key in the second and it just started. I leaned forward and tried to stop it for about two seconds, but then just let it go. I lived alone so there was little point.

I don't know if it will happen again – I suspect it might, but I can't predict it. Hope you enjoyed.

*004*2021-06-23 06:17

{{On 6/17/2021 at 7:23 PM, Alex62 said:

Amazing stories!! I’ll love to hear about the bus accident!!

}}

Glad you enjoyed.

Since I was underage, I was reluctant to give too much detail. Two hour bus ride, had to go after about 20 min in. She all went sideways about 40 min after that. Nothing was stopping it. Everyone knew, which made it very bad. It would get brought up for many years and very much is part of the imprinting.

It was the first accident I had in about 3 years. In hindsight, I always had issues but this period of my life was when it really became an issue.

*005*2021-06-23 06:30

{{On 6/19/2021 at 2:57 PM, ohno_omo said:

I can relate so much to feeling simultaneously humiliated and turned on at the same time. Genuinely embarrassed about being desperate in front of people and having to be so vulnerable about something so personal, but being turned on by being embarrassed at the same time. It's a strange brew of conflicting emotions for sure! Thank you for sharing these stories!

}}

It's taken me a long time to come to grips with it. The incidents were terrible at the time – the first two, anyway. The last one embarrassing to myself, but private. I haven't shared it with anyone in real life yet. There are other times when I had to run to the bathroom, which are also a weird turn on. After the fact. It's always pretty mortified when it's happening. I have guilt about that, which is a whole other conversation.

I think I've come around to the idea that so long as I'm not purposely hurting someone and not trying to make them feel creepy about it then I'm probably OK.

