A memory from another summer

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-08-25 21:21

This happened two years ago, when I had not yet fully embraced my passion for omorashi and wettings, and i didn´t do it often at all.

It was a nice summers day, not too hot, and as usual I went out for a long walk, heading for a secret path along a small lake I had recently discovered, where I had never met any other people yet. But first I had to get out of the village, pass a big farm and then a gravel road right through the forest. I was wearing a t-shirts and shorts, and because It was the last day of my period I had a pad in my underwear. When I started to walk on this forest road across the clearcut I felt that I would have to pee soon. Usually I just get off the track and squat, it´s nothing I find inconvenient at all. But today for some reason my naughty mind came up with another idea. I had planned to swim in the lake I was passing by and had underwear to change in my small backpack, because usually when i´m not at a big public beach I swim in my sweaty underwear (or sometimes nude) and then change into a new set.

So actually I can pee in these if I like, I thought. There´s very little risk anyone is gonna see me. And it must be at least a year since I last did something like that. Only by thinking this I had a feeling of arousal, and the growing need for a pee was now very pleasant. I thought that as soon as I get off this road and on the path across the field next to the lake I can start leaking.

So when I reached the field I stopped on the track for a while, it was hard to relax first, but then I felt the warmth of a dribble into my period pad. Felt so good. I stopped once more, now touching my crotch and I could feel with my hand outside the shorts the warmth of my pad when I let another leak into it. Just by the stony little beach where I planned to have my break I let a little longer two second leak out, now filling the pad, and I felt my panties were getting a little damp in the edges against my thighs.

I leaved the path and stepped over a few rocks into the beach. Had a quick look around me. I was protected by some vegetation and I assumed I would hear the steps of anyone coming on the path before they were so close that they could see what I was doing. Still I was nervous and very excited. I put down my panties, to find the pad in a bright yellow colour, all soaked. I took it out, it was heavy and warm from all the pee. I put it in a waste bag, put on my damp panties again, had another look around, and then i spread my legs and releaved myself. It streamed right through my panties along the legs, and splashed into the stones and rocks, and it felt amazing.

After I was done I sat down on one of the bigger rocks, my hand inside the underwear felt my genitals now very wet from both arousal and pee, and the wet fabric covered my hand and it felt so good that I just had to start rubbing. I closed my eyes and imagined a guy in a movie theatre. He didn´t visit the bathroom before the film, now it´s in the end of it and he´s getting very desperate, to the point where it´s hard to sit still in the seat. But he must see how the movie ends, he just can´t go out now, it´s only 10 minutes left, he´ll make it.

But it´s a pain, it´s almost unbearable, and now his friend has noticed him squirming in the seat, whispering in his ear “You´re not wetting yourself, are you?”, and with a strained voice he says “No” but in the very same moment he realises that it´s a lie, cause he´s about to lose the fight, and I am this guy now, I can feel his embarrassment and helplessness as the bladder muscles are about to give in and there´s nothing I can do about it, oh no, the wetness dribbles into my underwear, and I can´t hold it back, it´s coming, it´s coming now, a hissing sound and a warm unstoppable stream flooding the front of my pants and starting to run down the edge of the seat and i´m coming, i´m coming now, I stretch myself backwards against the rock on the beach, breath heavily and feel the wonderful warm vawes and contractions deep inside me.

It was over, my heart ponding, sweat running down my back and stomach, and on shaky legs I got up, and stepped into the water, cleaning myself up. When I was on the path again, heading home, all fresh and clean and relaxed, I still had naughty feelings and imaginations in my head and I knew I would remember this for a long time.

*003*2020-08-28 07:15

Thanks for commenting, i'm glad you liked it. Right now i'm back in the very same place, about to flood my pants any second now...

*004*2020-08-28 07:21

$$

*006*2020-08-28 09:06

{{1 hour ago, farseladosso said:

Looks like a favourite place of mine...

Are you still holding? I love the water in your pic. And that other one. And I'll tell noone.

}}

No i didn't hold long, the evidence is seen in the picture. Didn't swim this time, just kept walking, wetting 3 more times along the way, spoke to a couple of people wearing my wet black pants that don't show much. Now it's time for a swim on the empty beach near my home, just peed a little more before undressing.

*008*2020-08-28 10:44

{{1 hour ago, farseladosso said:

Wow!! Daring!

Time for a swim? Either you live in a warmer region than I do or you are really tough!

}}

It's not that cold...

Some swimming and clean up and i even washed my hair with the shampoo i brought. Then rinse the pissed clothes in the lake, put on dry ones and head home, feeling great! Such a good start of the day!

