I didn't know it could feel like that

Author: LemonSlushie

*000*2020-12-18 07:16

So this happened the other night and I absolutely had to share it. As I'm writing this I'm filling up again because this was seriously the hottest thing I've ever experienced and I need to feel it again lmfao.

I was going to write a detailed account of the whole experience, from start to finish (I even took notes while it was happening!) but it got ridiculously long, so I'll skip past the early stages and get right to the point where I reached new levels of desperation.

Quick disclaimer: this is pretty sexually explicit. If it's too much to be allowed, then I'm so sorry to the poor moderator who's currently reading and deleting this!

~

So! After a couple of hours of squirming, pacing, teasing myself and drinking an unreasonable amount of liquid, I'd arrived at the point where I would normally let myself cum, and then run to the bathroom. But I'd had an annoying day at work, and I wanted to stay on the edge a bit longer, so I decided to really push myself.

My favourite thing to do when I'm holding is edge with a vibrator, so that's what I'd been doing, and I'd already brought myself to the edge four times - the fourth time I'd almost ruined it, but hung on by a thread. I was still close though, so I told myself I had to earn it. If I could stand still, legs apart, no holding myself, for just two minutes, I'd be allowed to edge five more times. Whether that would be the end of it, I wasn't sure yet.

So up I got, clasping my hands behind my back and planting my feet as wide apart as I could stand it. Instantly I thought I would lose it. I'd already been aching for relief ages ago, and the stimulation from my vibrator had been the only thing letting me keep all that liquid inside. I tried to stay quiet, but I couldn't stop myself from whining as my hips began to sway from side to side. There was so much pressure, I felt like I was going to burst any second. But it was just two minutes, I told myself.

The pressure kept rising as I stood there, and as the first minute ticked by, my hands unclasped. I almost grabbed myself, but instead I started to swing my hands back and forth, the wiggling and twisting of my hips getting more and more frantic. The weight in my bladder seemed to grow by the second, and it was all I could do not to slam my legs together and beg out loud to please, please let me pee. My bladder contracted once, and I was sure that was it for me, but-

Finally the two minutes were up. Immediately I went back to full pee dancing, jamming my hands between my thighs and rubbing myself to get any kind of stimulation that would help me hold it a little longer. But I didn't lose it, and now it was time for my reward, and my biggest challenge.

I carefully kneeled back on the floor, my towel bunched up underneath me just in case. I was pretty sure I hadn't leaked - I thought for sure I would feel it if I had - but my boxers were pretty wet already.

Okay, time for the first edge. I was reading some omo fiction on my phone, but at this point I was too frantic to really process it, and I ended up just dropping my phone on the carpet. I sat up a bit, leaning back and gripping the couch for support as I gasped at the stretch in my bladder when I clicked my vibrator back on. I couldn't believe how good it felt, every twitch of my hips sending a wave of need pulsing through my bladder. It took a while to work myself up again, and when I got there it was even harder to pull back, but I managed. Barely.

For the second, I decided to lean forward, resting on my elbows with my hips more raised in the air. As soon as I was horizontal my bladder spasmed, and I bit back a small cry as I felt a leak nearly escape. This time it took me maybe a minute to get right to the edge, and after I'd calmed down a bit, the third happened even faster. I nearly ruined that one, so as punishment I made myself sit and squirm without any other stimulation for a few minutes.

By the time I finally allowed myself my fourth, I was past the point of being able to keep quiet. I couldn't stop gasping, practically writhing as every tiny stroke with my vibrator sent shocks through my body. As I felt myself getting close - though by now I wasn't sure if I was close to cumming or peeing - the last thing I wanted in the world was to stop. I needed it so bad, but I wanted to be good, and at the last possible second I pulled my hand away. I wanted to cry, unable to stop squirming where I sat, but as the urge died down just enough I slipped my hand underneath myself to check if I had leaked, and found that I definitely had. I was so wet, there was just no way.

At last, the fifth and final time. I stayed sitting up, afraid that if I changed position too much I would lose it, and started giving myself the smallest, teasing little strokes with my vibrator that I could manage. This time I paid more conscious attention to the sensations I was experiencing, and to my amazement, I could just feel the tiniest little leaks escaping me every few seconds.

This was incredible to me, and honestly brought me such a weird sense of joy, because I am almost never able to leak involuntarily. I have a bladder of steel, and I had no idea just how good it would feel to be slowly losing control like this. When I realized what was going on, I almost came right then and there- but that wasn't the deal I'd made with myself. I wasn't allowed yet, I had to be good. So I pulled away, whining at the loss of sensation, and took a minute to get my breath back.

The logical part of my brain said that I couldn't fully wet myself, the cleanup would be too much... But I couldn't just stop now, not when it felt so new and so, so good. So I made another little deal with myself: I had to wait 20 more minutes, and then I could cum and go pee, but not a second before.

I knew that if I kept teasing myself I was in serious danger of losing it, but I was so out of my mind with desperation at that point that I didn't care. I didn't mean to edge again, but only a few minutes into giving myself little light rubs as I squirmed, I was suddenly so close to cumming that it took my breath away. I moved to yank my hand away, but I suddenly had to grab myself again for a totally different reason as I felt something amazing. My bladder seemed to swell just a little bit more as the last of the liquid in my stomach trickled its way in, and then it spasmed and contracted in a way I've never felt before. I cried out, and I don't know how in the world I didn't lose it and soak myself, but I hung on.

I was definitely still leaking though. I was terrified that I was going to have a real accident, but my 20 minutes weren't up yet, and I was out of my mind with how good it felt to be leaking involuntarily like this. The more wet I got, the better it was, and as I entered the final minute of my time limit, I threw caution to the wind. I leaned forward, groaning as my bladder protested at the change in angle, and finally got some relief - of one kind, at least.

As I sat through the aftershocks of the best orgasm I've ever had, I still couldn't help but squirm in place while my bladder throbbed and spasmed uncontrollably. Somehow I'd actually stopped leaking, and I was still hanging on. I almost wanted to go for round two, but I knew that my luck was about to run out any minute, so I struggled to my feet and hobbled to the bathroom. What followed was the longest, most relieving pee I've had in ages. It felt like all my bones had turned to jelly.

So, that's that! I'm starting to squirm a little again now just thinking about it. I can't believe I've been missing out on how great losing control like that- even just a bit - feels this whole time, damn.

Hope this was fun to read!

