The First Time ;D

Author: Nimphette

*000*2016-02-25 19:08

Before I start I want to take a moment and say I've gotten a lot of people suggesting a video. As much as I would like to make some and share, I'm a bit shy. But if enough people asked me I would be willing to do it!

***

Last night this "bed wetting" started off as me drinking a whole bunch of water in bed and seeing how long I could last till I wet the bed. Although it was supposed to be that way it turned out to be different.

Due to some recent events I am really tired all the time and it diverted my plans into a different direction, but I can't say that I'm sorry I fell asleep. I lasted about an hour or two of hydrating myself with water and squirming around, texting and whatnot before the wave of exhaustion hit me.

Normally I'm a night owl, but I was quite busy that day with my sisters kids. Before I could become officially desperate I dozed off unaware that I really needed the toilet.

Throughout the night I tossed and turned, I'm assuming because my back hurts, and not only that. I fell asleep on the tile floor. I wore my Tough Mudder shorts and an old Pierce The Veil shirt I bought when I was going through my emo phase haha. Not saying I don't love the band, I just grew out of it. I didn't have a bra or panties on because exercise shorts usually have a built in pseudo-underwear.

Anyways, I remember once waking up slightly and relaxing completely before falling asleep immediately. I didn't even realize what I was doing.

In the morning I woke up in a huge puddle of my own pee. The tile made the pee travel everywhere and more importantly I was soaked. I got up and some pee even dripped out of my shorts. A little disoriented I cleaned up before anyone was even awake. I'm sure the shock was written all over my face. I even felt a little guilty and childish for wetting myself in my sleep.

***

Sorry about the little peek a boo with my boob lmao xD

*002*2016-02-25 19:39

{{ 

I definitely didn't see this coming.

}}

Didn't see what coming?

*006*2016-02-25 21:11

{{ 

Hah, those shorts are some of the cutest I've ever seen!

Cleaning the tiled floor was probably easier than cleaning your bed would have been, so in a way you were lucky to fall asleep there.

}}

I thought about that later on. My tile is just a tad sticky now though. I'll have to mop haha ;D

*013*2016-02-28 19:09

{{ 

Vary nice story. I would love to see you make a video of yourself wetting.

}}

I have a short clip of me wetting myself ^~^

