Wetting when pregnant (part 3)

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-08-08 18:49

Another one from my archive. Several incidents with preggos.

###

I am so glad I found this part of the site. I am nearly

1 month along. The other day I went to the movies with my husband. We sat in the middle so I could not get up.

By the time the movie was over I had to pee so badly I was in tears. I hobbeld to the ladies only to find a long line of kids with their mothers as the Elmo movie had also let out. Despite my sheer desperation, I could not bring myself to cut ahead of the kids with their mother's right there. So there I was, on a long line to the ladies room, having to pee so badly I felt I would wet my pants any second. I lot of the kids were dacing from foot to foot and holding themselvs so I just joined in. I kept sayng to myself that I would make it, that could not wet myself in front of these kids and their mothers, I just couldn't. Finaly it was my turn.

I raced into the stall, but I had to stop holing myself as I undid my belt and jeans. I ripped my jeans down to my thighs and I was about to let go when to my horror,

I realized that my panties were still on. They did not come down with my pants as they usually do. In a panic,

I grabbed myself to maintain control, but I was in such pain I knew I could only last a second. I managed to twist my panties off and let go before I even sat down.

I let go the most forcefull pee in my whole enire life that I could not sit down right away. I let out several moans of relief and even shouted a long "OOOOOOOHHHHHH"

When I opened the door all the kids and mothers where staring at me like I was a monster. You would thinks mothers of small children could empathize with me, but no. I dashed out and told my husband let's get up of here. Anybody else of horror stories while on a long line to the ladies?

Debbie 10/12/1999

Debbie I can sympathise with you about long ladies room lines. My first pregnancy (I now have 3 wonderful children) did not go easily and my hubby suggested I get my hair coloured and styled to cheer me up. The stylist I visited was in a shopping mall and to use the bathroom meant leaving the shop and going one level down to the ladies. I don't need to remind you how long it can take for a hair appointment and I was holding on like mad by the time she had finished. I made my way to the restroom as fast as I could my bladder throbbing with every step. It was school vacation and there were children with their mothers everywhere including in the restroom. The line was so long I almost left as I thought it may have been quicker to drive home but I needed to go so badly I couldn't face the drive.

I have never been in a line that moved so slowly before. I had my hand under my stomach helping to ease the awful pain in my bladder and the pressure it was causing. Every time the line started to move then stopped I would have to move from foot to foot to contain myself. A lot of the mothers were harrassed because their children were dying to go so like Debbie I couldn't bring myself to ask if I could push ahead. Then suddenly it happened and I was peeing myself. I tried to stop myself but once I start I can't stop. And all I could hear round me were little voices saying 'Mummy that lady is doing wee wees in her pants'. Embarrassed!!!!!!!!!!!

On a more serious note I really feel that we women should get together and demand more toilet facilities at malls and other public places. Over the years I have seen some very distressed women trying to maintain their composure while waiting in line. Do others agree with me?

Angela D. 10/13/1999

I am so glad to see these stories of pregnant women with small children, on long lines, who realy need to pee. I was on my way to work when I got stuck in a long traffic jam. The 1/2 hour drive took over 2 hours. I was about 2 miles from my office when I got that familular but utterly helpes feeling. I just couldn't hold it in any longer. I pulled into a gas station. I ran in and just shreeked "the key the key." I was about to open the door when a mother with two young kids came up and said her kids could not wait and could they please go first? 

This was my second pregnancy. I had a hard time toilet training my oldest and felt so sorry for the mother and her kids I could not refurse. Bigest mistake of my life. They took fifteen minutes. I stood there jumping up and down and litterly holding myelf you know where. When they came out, I could tell by the smell why they took so long. I ran in holding my breath and just got on the toilet in time. I now think a pregnant women should go in before a toilet trained child.

Linda 10/13/1999

I am ALWAYS going to the bathroom!!!!

I heard that there isn't anything to relieve it..except going into your 2nd trimester..lol

Julia 10/15/1999

Well,I started having frequent urination in my 4th week. Infact I got bascially all my pregnant symotoms in my 4th week lol

I'm now 6wks pregnant.

Just this past Tuesday I was sitting in church and had to use the bathroom,but I didn't want to seem rude and get up in the middle of church service,so I stayed...

WELL,I leaned over to do something and my pants that are starting to get tight on my pushed up against my bladder and felt some wetness!!! lol I had peed on myself!!!

Julia 10/21/1999

I a so glad to see I am not crazy. I am 1 month along and I can realy relate to Beth's story. I was once comming home on a commuter train with no toilet. About

1/2 way home I desperatly had to pee. So bad that I too felt like a little girl who couldn't hold it but terrified of wetting her pants. I began to squirm and figdet in my seat but people started to stare so I winced my eyes shut and bit my lip and held my self under my coat. There is nothing more distressing than for a grown adult of normal social standing to be in a public situation where to have to go to the bathroom so badly but you still must try to hold it. By sheer grit (of my teeth) I managed to make it to my stop and to my car and to my house. (Drving while holding my self with one hand and in an absoulte panic, I nearly killed several people.) 

At one red light I was crying and screaming so hard passers by must have thought I needed an ambulace. But when I got to my front walk my level of desperation went up yet another notch. I had not felt it so bad since I was 6 and comming home on the bus. So near and yet so far. In less than a second, I managed to visualize what I had to do next. Unlock the door, throw my coat off, scream at my husband to get out of my way, run to the bathroom and get my cloths off. It was just to much and I lost control before I could get to the door. 

My husband found me at the door, pee gushing out of the crotch off my Lord and Taylor slacks and me both crying with shame and sighing with relief. I think each and every person on this form should never, ever, ever scold their children when they wet their pants. Having to pee that badly is the most painful and distressing felling in the world.

Connie 10/22/1999

I am in my first try mester. I just read Connie's post and I agree, only that being with your peers from work at the time can ad at leats 2-3 notches to your felling of desperation. We went out for lunch. On a mild day, they give you lots of water a free iced tea no matter what. We all got into a cab to go back to work. We got stuck in a huge traffic jam and we went nowhere for almost an hour. As we set there I got more and more desperate by the seocnd. I tried to hide it as much as possible. I sat their very still, legs clamped together, fingers twisted together, trying to get them as close to my groin as possible. I was realy startting to panic when the women next to me asked me what was wrong. Right there I got even more desperate and started to cry. I told the girls that I had to pee so bad and couldn't hold it to much longer. They tried to encornage me as much as possible. Telling me I could make it and giving me advise like the best way to cross my legs, where to put my hands, etc. 

The girl sitting up front noticed a large and empty paper coffey cup the driver had used and she gave it to me. That gave me enough insentive to last another 1/2 hour or so until we got off the highway. The driver pulled into a service station and I hobbled to the rest room to find it locked and I heard a women say "be right out".I pounded on the door and screemed at her to hurry up, that it was an emergency. She came out to see me bent over, both hands on my crotch with my fly already undone. I just ran in and shut the door. All I had to do was let my pants fall to my knees at sit down. It never came out with such force in my whole life. I let out a loud bellowing sigh of "oooohhhhh"! several times. The girls were thriled to see I made it and they all shared their own stories of being in the same situation as we drove back.

Jane 10/22/1999

I am in my mid forties. This is my third pregnancy, 2nd husband. My last two where fifteen years ago. My bladder is a lot weeker now and this time around it is giving me nightmarish problems. Several times, being stuck in traffic, or on a long line to a public ladies,

I just could not hold it in and wet myself. I refuse to ware under garmets or change my day to day life, so I just try to deal with it as best I can. I have now cut ahead of several ladis rooms lines. Once the women see me holding my self and with tears of fear in my eyes, they will let me go. I also keep a large plastic jar in the car and have used during several traffic emergencies. I have also squated behind trees, parked cars and behind buildings. When you gota, go, you gota go.

Linda 10/25/1999

I am 1 month along and it was going great until the world ended yesterday. I wet my pants, at work, in front of our CEO and some other VIPS. We where at a golf outing and by time we got back to the clubhouse I was in sheer agony I had to pee so bad. Since it is off season, the clubhouse was closed so the group of 50 of us had to make do with 2 porta poties. There was already a line and even though they let me cut to the front, I still could not get into one in time. I wet my pants in front of all of those people. People I will have to sell the company to and ask for raises. I called in sick today beacuse I just don't know if I can face those people any more. I really want to die.

Lisa 10/25/1999

I am in my third month, all 3 have been murder on my bladder. But this one day was the worst. It was before

I knew I was pregnant. I am a teller at a bank and we often get lots of coffe drinks from the Starbuck's next door. On this friday, I had lots of it to drink. The other tellers had called in sick. So there I was at

2:45pm. Right before the bank closes on a Friday and on line are over a dozen anksious people waiting to cash their checks, and I am standing there having to go to the bathroom so badly I am jumping up and down and my face wincing in pain. Several people ask if I was ok but I was to embarrased to answer. The clock said 2:50.

The pressure was agonizing and unbearable and I did not think I could hold it in any longer but I new if I left before 3:00 there be an uprising. I just tried has hard as I could to hold it in. The counter enabled me to pinch my thighs and even hold my self with nobody seeing. But at 2:57 I got the feeling. That feeling when you have to go so badly you shout to your self "I can't hold it any longer"! I had not felt that in almost 15 years. 

I felt I had no choice but to bolt from my position and make A mad dash for the ladies. I was in a sheer panic. Hobbling over with both hands between my legs, using every once of strenth I had not to wet my pants in front of 10 angry customers. I made it just in time, although my panties were somewhat damp. It was the greatest, stongest, and longest pee I have ever had. I have never felt such relief before.

The customers, along with my boss was none to happy but by the time he spoke to me about it, I knew I was pregnant. He never said a word after that.

Barbra 10/25/1999

Lighten up girl (Lisa) ! I doubt your co-workers are as concerned with you as you'd like to believe. Life's too short to be so traumatized so badly by something so meaningless. I'm on my third pregnancy and

I'm used to by now. I can even remember wetting myself numerous times as a teenager ! Believe it or not ! I guess pregnancy can sometimes force us to swallow our high opinions of ourselves. Probably not a bad thing for some. God's way, I guess.

Lotsa Luck,

Gail

Gail 10/25/1999

When I was in my first trimester with twins my bladder owned my life. Always sending me to the bathroom so badly with little time to spare. To this day I have nightmares in my sleep about desperatly having to pee.

I usualy wake up with a very full bladder. It all stems from this one event right after I was pregnant. I was comming home from Florida where my husband was temp placed for 3 months. We had a great weekend together which makes me wonder if this event was casued by cystitis as well and being pregnant. We were drivng to the airport in a pouring rain storm. The drive took much longer and by the time we got there I had little time to catch my plane, and I Desperatly!!!!! had to pee. I asked where the ladies was and I was told by people at the counter the plane was wating for me and to go on the plane now. I got to the the plain, literlay hoping up and down the row. I was told by the

FA there was no time for me to visit the lavaotry. If we did not take off asap or the flight could loose its slot. Beacause of the bad weather we waited to the taxi way for almost 1/2 hour for clearence, during that time no one is allowed to get up. I sat there, next to two other people in my row, never having to go to the bathroom so badly in my whole life. I was roking back and forth on the seat and litterly holding myself with both hands and crying as the thought of wetting my pants in public put the fear of god in me. 

After the plain took of, we were still not alowed to get up beacuse of the bad weather. I just sat there, contorted and squirmed in all kinds of crazy postitions, gritting my teeth and wincing my eyes shut in pain. I tried to make some desperate attmeps at getting to the toielts but was scolded by the FA's to sit down. They showed no sympathy to my plight. After another 20 minutes the seat belt sign came off but no matter how fast I got out of my seat, there was already a line for the two bathrooms in the back.

A line of mostly women and children as desperate as me. We all hopped from foot to foot and begged the people ahead to hurry, when I got that feeling Connie (above) got, I just couldn't hold it in any longer and compleatly wet my self for all the world to see.

Attention all prego's, pee before you fly.

Sally 10/26/1999

