The Most Wonderful Time of the Year

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2021-12-22 08:04

So, as mentioned before, I go on a like 3 mile walk most days. Typically late at night/in the early morning hours, but that's besides the point. I especially love going on walks during the winter because of the cold for a very specific reason: the omo factor.

What do I mean? For me, and I don't know why, but I always get back absolutely bursting. It doesn't matter how much I drank prior to going on my walk, if the weather is cold then I gotta go. Now.

Typically I get about three blocks from my house and I can feel it building. I absolutely love the feeling of a protruding bladder (if I wasn't so chubby, I know I'd get one), so I relish the feeling. About two blocks away, the pressure begins to grow worse and the urgency starts to grow exponentially. By the time I'm a block from home, I am absolutely waddling. Occasionally, I have to stop and cross my legs or hold myself for a moment as the urge peaks. Once I can see my house, it becomes an absolute war to make it before I burst. It's like a mix of latchkey and a bladder spasm caused by the cold, I swear.

This last time I went (it's currently -4C here), I made it inside and absolutely sprinted to the toilet. Forget taking off my shoes at the door, I needed to get to the toilet like 10 minutes ago. My underwear were already starting to feel damp as I tore them off before sitting on the toilet. Now, typically I can just about make it, but for some reason this time I kinda... didn't. I was still in the process of removing my pants when it just started coming out. I got sat down before it ran down my leg, otherwise I would definitely have had a picture worth posting with this, and let loose an absolute torrent.

I still don't know where all of this pee comes from when it's cold, but you better believe I go for walks more frequently in this weather than in the summer.

Now, if you'll excuse me, I gotta pee again.

