Wet myself playing football (soccer)

Author: leakyturtle

*000*2022-06-16 19:55

Hei everyone! My first writing her got so many nice and supporting comments that I decided I had to write more. My first writing was quite serious so I thought this time I would write something maybe not so serious. This happened very recently, last weekend in fact! But I have wet myself so many times playing football that I had lots to choose from but as this was most recent I thought that best.

I play football (soccer) almost every week for a local girls team near to where I live. I’m weak and short but but I am fast and I’m quite good player so I usually play at right side of defence. My team is located a short drive from my apartment and each time I play (I don’t play away games) my boyfriend always drives me there and back and sometimes he will stay to watch. What I write now has happened a lot of times. Currently playing football is one of the only times I am likely to have a full accident and fully wet myself, unless I am caught in very bad situation. I have played for this team almost 3 years now. But what I write today is the most recent but is very much similar to every other time.

I arrived at where my team plays, it is small place with only the pitch and a small building that acts as changing rooms. My boyfriend drove me there, wished me luck and then left to go do his own thing. I did not need to use changing rooms, I never do I always come dressed in my football clothes and I have boots in my bag. My football clothes are the teams shirt, my own black sports shorts, football boots, sports bra and my own socks. When I play football I wear always the same black panties (don’t know correct word to describe them but they cover my butt, I don’t own or wear thongs) because they’re so comfortable.

I left the car and went to join my teammates who were near the pitch. I said hello to them and we talked for a while before the coach gathered us to talk about the match. We were talked about tactics and positions. I was to play my usual place on the right side of defence.

The match started well and we took an early lead after our striker managed to run straight through their defence then beat the keeper. I was being kept busy by their left midfielder who tried to beat me lot off times and if I got close she was too strong for me and kept pushing me away. I made a tactic to keep my distance and shadow her and it seemed to work well. She was stronger but slower than me so at a distance I had taken away her biggest advantage. The match had been played for maybe 20-25 minutes when I first wet myself. We were attacking a corner and because I m so short and weak I am always one of the two who is told to stay back and defend. I had been stood doing nothing for quite long time because first there was pushing and shoving in the box and then a dog came running on the pitch. It was then I got very sudden and strong urge to pee and a few seconds later pee was dribbling into my panties.

This happens many times when I play football. I think it s because it is the only time I drink sports drinks and they fly straight to my bladder. I think it is usually when I am standing still or doing nothing that I am hit with the urge. I crossed my legs to have a look around to see if my other defending teammate was close by. She wasn’t. So, I squatted down and pretended to tie my shoelaces. Pee poured through my panties and out of my shorts leg holes. I continued to pretend to tie my laces but it was getting to the point that I was peeing so long time that I started to worry I looked stupid so I stood back up and pee continued to run through the leg holes and down my legs and onto my boots and socks. It was actually really big pee and my legs, feet, crotch and bum wear soaked. I shook myself to shake off any remaining drops and then continued to stare at the dog that was still avoiding to be caught.

At half time the score was 1-1. We had lost a goal after we had given a foul and they had scored through the free kick. We were all gathered at the side of pitch getting a talk from our coach. We were all listening and drinking sports drinks and water. I was given further instructions to press my opponent harder. I tried to say that she was too strong but she didn’t want to hear it, I was told to get close and not to give her space.

The second half started and the game was slow. We were happy passing the ball around our defence and midfield but not making any passes that might be risky and the other team seemed happy to let us do this. After some time the other team got the ball and came at us fast. A long hall was played towards their left midfield so I ran to pointlessly challenge her in the air. She won and then pushed me over as she burst past. I stayed on the floor and we were given free kick for it. The girl who pushed me over said some things when she walked back past me but I’m terrified of confrontation so I ignored her and hid near my much bigger teammate. I don’t know why I do that! It’s so embarrassing! I am actually pathetic if it comes to confrontation.

It was now maybe 30-35 minutes into the second half and it was still 1-1. Again the same girl who had pushed me over few times came running at me. I tried to shadow her but I could hear our coach calling me to get close to her which I did. I ran closer and tried to steal the ball. She shielded the hall by turning her back to me and pushing her butt out to get some space. I tried uselessly to get around her to get the ball but she was too good. I took a couple steps backwards and I was taken by surprise when she quickly turned and ran straight at me. I tried to get out of her way but I accidentally made it worse and ended up throwing myself into her. I was thrown hard to the floor and I landed painfully on my right side. I wasn’t hurt but the landing had been painful. I was winded and I struggled little bit to get my breath back. I rolled onto my stomach.

The referee blew her whistle and loads of players gathered around me and the other girl, we had both got hurt in the clash. I had teammates patting me on the back asking if I was okay and telling me good job for winning the free kick. I couldn’t roll of my stomach because if I did they would have seen I was wetting myself.

When I had landed I had immediately started to pee. It came from nowhere but I started peeing very slightly the moment I bounced of the floor but once started it did not stop I stayed on my stomach hoping my body would hide any evidence that I was wetting myself. Some of my teammates were becoming concerned so I said that I was okay and just catching my breath. That seemed to work and I was given more space to breath. I don’t know how long I was on the floor but it didn’t feel like such long time.

I waited few seconds after I had stopped wetting myself to make sure there was no more to come out. I pushed myself to my feet and some pee that had rested in my shorts trickled down my legs. I shook myself again and a few drops did come loose from my underwear and shorts. I composed myself to continue but then I noticed I was being substituted so I made my way off the pitch. I told our coach that I was okay to continue but she said no, she said I had a big impact and that I shouldn’t continued. So I called my boyfriend to pick me up and watched the final minutes of the match at a safe distance from my other teammates.

It ended 1-1.

My boyfriend arrived short time after the match ended. I got into his car, being careful to keep my wet butt of his seat and on the towel he had already laid down for me. I had just sat down when he made a playful comment about my smell. I probably did smell bad. I was sweaty from the match and soaked in pee. I can’t imagine I was nice to be stuck in car with. But he didn’t complain. He just gently teased me and drove us home.

I could write so many of these but they are all basically same. Playing football is the only time I don’t care too much about wetting myself. Maybe because I know the whole game can’t stop just so I can go to the toilet? I don’t know. But I genuinely don’t feel embarrassed about wetting myself playing football and I’m pretty sure my teammate has done same thing in the past. This is why I wear the same panties and shorts every time I play football. They are perfect. My panties are so comfy and don’t give me uncomfort at all even when they are wet and my shorts are light so don’t hold much wetness and their black colour barely shows any wetness. My boyfriend always says if he didn’t know me, smell me in the car or see me in wet underwear when changing for shower he would never know I had wet myself. I think this also gives me confidence to not feel embarrassed.

Thank you for reading! I hope you have lovely day!

*007*2022-06-19 21:05

{{On 6/17/2022 at 6:31 PM, JAW182 said:

This was very awesome story and fun to read love to hear more….thanks!

}}

Thank you!

{{On 6/18/2022 at 12:05 AM, Marco said:

Have your teammates ever noticed anything?

}}

I hope not!! It’s of course possible but nobody has ever said anything.

{{On 6/18/2022 at 12:59 AM, SilverSnake said:

This sounds so good... Makes me want to do more casual wetting.

Also, I have some incontinence too (not as much but some) but I wear pullups or diapers a lot of the time. Do you ever wear protection like that?

}}

I use pads and pull ups. At home I don’t like to use protection except for when I sleep then I wear always a pull up. But away from home I generally use pad if not away for long time or pull up if I think I might be away for long time.

