Of Socks, Sodas, And Showers

Author: Diesel

*000*2010-11-28 18:06

Last night, I was hanging out with my favorite cousin, lets call her Emily, and we chugged sodas and ate ores all night. At around 10 pm, I was starting to grow desperate (which was my plan all along) and was bouncing my legs up and down, rocking back and forth, and squirming like hell. Still, I kept drinking. As my bladder released a few warning spurts, I got up and made a mad dash for the bathroom. I've never been a very balanced person and I just so happened to have kept my socks on. Emily's house is all hardwood and of course, I tripped. I made a tiny wet spot on my black skinny jeans, but I got up and kept on running. I made it that time.

And all was well until I had another two sodas.

It was probably 2 am by then, and I was expecting to trip as I ran down the hall to the bathroom. Why I didn't take off my socks, I'm not sure, but it cost me my favorite pair of pants. Halfway down the hall, I slipped and fell on my elbow. Unable to get up due to the pain, I soaked my pants and made a tiny puddle. It was THE best feeling ever. After getting over the awesomeness, I realized what I had done, and called to Emily I was going to put on my pajamas.(Dodged a bullet) I dried up the puddle with the ankle of my jeans and put on the extra undies I brought.

When I fell asleep, I thought all was well.

But I woke up to find 3 different Justin Beibers staring at me(Emily is obsessed) and to hear the shower going. No matter what, I always have to pee in the morning and Emily takes long showers. Tapping my feet, squirming, trying to focus on my favorite series of books, Warriors, didn't help me much. The sound of running water drove me crazy until I put my headphones on and listened to some rock. Eventually, I was only thinking of ways to get to a bathroom. Emily's house is like a labrynth(I'm still amazed at how she gets around) so I considered asking where another bathroom might be. I did fond one after an hour of looking and only God knows how I held on that long. Then, just for the lols, I peed standing up.

*002*2010-11-28 19:35

{{:

Heh, nice story, well written.

My main thought, though, is: 'Wait, your jeans have ankles?'

}}

I think so? I just assumed that the ankle of your jeans would be the part that covers your ankles. ._.

*004*2010-11-28 22:33

{{:

Indeed, it's me being braindead, sorry. I got confused between ankles and elbows... >.<

}}

Thats ok. We all make mistakes. :)

*006*2010-11-29 02:02

{{ 

Really interesting story (yeah...it's really the only word I use >.<). I would imagine genuine accidents are a lot more enjoyable to feel than intentional wettings.

}}

They definitely are. You expect it the tiniest smidge less than an intentional wetting. Though you can feel it pushing through, you're usually horrified or not believing it.

*008*2010-11-29 02:28

That was my first accident in years.

It was hard to imagine wetting myself while watching desperation.

*011*2011-01-13 00:36

{{ 

Did Emily know what you were doing? How did she react?

}}

She didn't know at all...I hope. If she did know, she didnt say anything.

