In Bed Holding

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-07-11 13:02

Decided to do a hold. It's a little past eleven and I kind of need to go, but I'm going to bed and will let you know what it's like in the morning.

Goal is to make it to 8am. Meaning I will have held for 8 hours. Which is pretty good for me, but not too long.

I woke up at 5 am with a slight urge. But as I lay there and get more awake each second, my need increases my leaps.

I cross one leg over another and I feel a small damp patch on my underwear. It was small, but definitely there.

Then I prepare for a challenge. Slowly and carefully I undo my twisted legs and open them. So that now my pee is only protected by muscles.

The need automatically soars and my legs involuntarily shoot together and I have to remind myself not to.

At this point my bladder is pulsating and the small wetness is driving me insane.

But as I adjust to the new position, the need dies down. So I sit up and sip on some water.

Then I ignore all the pangs, pushes, and jolts as I watch an episode on Netflix.

###

By now it's about 6 o clock. As I go on social media site I see some video that is particularly funny. And I chuckle a few times. That's when the hold on my bladder slips.

It's tiny, so tiny. Just a faint dribble down from my sitting position but enough to further wet the crotch.

I keep my legs apart, for now.

My bladder is starting to gain weight and feel like its a bag of rocks.

In just a few moments my bladder tells me it needs to release a little more.

I say no, but it shoves back harder. Ignoring every instinct in my body so that I can keep my challenge. I go for an alternative route by thrashing and bucking my hips help provide more pressure. But it's starting to get impossible.

My bladder isn't as strong as me and it gives up the fight for another second as more dribbles lightly out.

At this point I put my thighs together, but don't cross them because I'm scared of what may happen next.

At about 6:30 I rolled over and tried to sleep some more, pretty sure my legs would contain any leaks for the see able future.

Somewhere in the midst of my groggy stupor I yawned. The yawn must have compressed my bladder enough that it was in bind because without intervention a full fledge stream would have started. I reached my hand down and crushed my bladders hopes and dreams.

But it was 7 o'clock I only had an hour left, just an hour. And I could do it.

I decided to read some need to go kind of stories that only made my need worse. I had also previously removed my hand. Telling myself that was on for extreme measures.

One particular story I guess I got pretty into because the next thing I know i feel a small one or two second gush of pee and at this point underwear are soaked.

My sphincter was at odds with me. Even with the immense pressure of my large thighs it began to win the fight.

I held on though. My just a thread as another larger dribble came.

I could hold the flood but not the showers.

And then a stream escaped. Not a dribble or gush but something longer and worse.

I grit my teeth trying to hold on.

I regained control that felt pretty good. But my legs were starting to feel bad and asleep from the work I had tasked them with.

So feeling think I had let go enough and was had an upper hand I let my legs have a break slowly separating them.

And I didn't need to go, for at least the next ten seconds.

But when I need to pee gushed out and I thought that would be it but it didn't stop.

My bladder was ready to quit but I wasn't I wanted to go to the bathroom before I soaked my sheets.

So I hopped up, and ran into the bathroom pee trickling down my thigh as it happened.

It was 8:01

And then I took a shower.

