Water! Lots!

Author: Suite207

*000*2011-07-07 12:43

I do this thing where before I go out to stores or with friends or whatever, I drink 2 8 oz. glasses of water. It keeps me hydrated all day, and gets me squirmy after a few hours. There was one time in particular when Bessy (my best friend) and I were out at the mall looking for movies for my boyfriend. He's a film student and is very into strange and dark things, so we ended up grabbing a classic, the City of Lost Children. Now before I left, I had two and a half glasses of water- four ounces more than usual. My bladder isn't very large, so after browsing through Japan HQ, a cute little mall shop, and going to FYE to grab the movie for Mike, I was getting rather desperate. Bessy doesn't know about my fetish, as I am still somewhat uncomfortable talking about it, so she was worried when I started to feel the first waves of tension and distressed looks started inching onto my face.

She kept asking if I felt okay and I said yes, but she wasn't convinced. Halfway through Wet Seal I started to feel panic. I'd only wet myself in public once before, and it wasn't intentional. I didn't really want to do it that day, either, so I told her that I needed to get home because I was starting to feel kind of sick. She nodded and we began the long walk out of the mall. Right before we got to the food courts I began to clench my toes up in my shoes. My bladder felt like a rock and ached. Bessy was looking very concerned by my furrowed brow and clenched teeth. My pace had slowed, so she slowed down too and walked with me. She kept asking if I was okay, and I kept telling her that I felt like I was going to throw up and couldn't handle conversation.

I think that offended her or worried her more... I can't really remember. All I could think about was the next step, and then the next. We had reached the parking lot by the time I knew that I was going to have an accident before i made it home. There was a 15 minute drive back, and after a little tiff Bessy had agreed to drop me off no questions asked. Sitting down in her Camry was torture, and traffic was awful. At the last light before my apartment, Bessy was lighting a cigarette. This distracted her from the road ahead, and she didn't see the light go red. I told her to slow down, and she had to hit the brakes. That caused a quick but big spurt to dampen my already wet panties.

Some pee managed to get on her floorboard, too,since I was wearing a miniskirt, but I don't think she noticed. I wanted SO badly to just relax and finish right there, but I told myself to hang on just two more minutes. As we pulled up and I stood to get out of the car, my legs started quivering. Bessy offered to help me up the steps and would barely take no for an answer, so I finally lied again and told her that Mike was upstairs and he could help me out. 

She left with a huff and I moved quickly and stiff legged towards the staircase. The three flight staircase. Halfway up the first flight I groaned and lost control entirely, ruining my Uggs and soaking the stair I was one and the one behind me. I stood there, shaking and pulsing with relief andarousal, and couldn't help but touch myself a little after I slipped off my panties and threw them over the railing. Ever since that day, I've been pushing my limits more and more to see how much I can endure. That and my love for anime brought me here!

