Pissed myself before I could record :(

Author: Jaieee

*000*2020-12-25 10:19

My roommate went to work today and as soon as they left I realized I really had to pee! My heart started pounding knowing I might be able to wet myself in the house. I've only pissed in my pants a couple times before,, so it still makes me really nervous!!

I laid a towel down in front of my floor length mirror in the hallway. I took my shirt off and laid down wearing nothing but grey underwear. I gently rubbed myself and slowly tried to relax enough to start peeing. I quickly rubbed my clit through my underwear and finally felt a warm wet stream against my fingers. My panties immediately get soaked and I stop wetting myself. I'm so turned on I could burst, but it makes it incredibly difficult to force myself to pee.

I decide to stop trying because maybe I don't have to pee that bad... I get up and put on a pair of small black cotton shorts. I watch TV, and start drinking a ton of water. Within an hour, my bladder starts to really feel full. I was excited because I knew I would be able to wet my underwear on purpose. I felt completely in control!!

10 minutes go by, and all of a sudden I was completely desperate. I start dancing around with one hand between my legs, and then I have the brilliant idea to record myself pissing through panties! I was so exhilarated by the idea, my desperation subsided enough to get my laptop and turn it on. By this point, my bladder is 9/10 and I'm starting to panic. I set up my computer in the hallway, and I realize that my computer is being really slow. I start jumping up and down, but I still have no doubt that I can hold my pee until the camera is ready.

As soon as the computer turns on, it begins its monthly virus scan, and my heart drops. I start hitting the cancel button as fast as I can and finally think to myself "Oh my God, I'm actually going to wet my pants!" Finally, the scan closes, and I quickly open the camera. I drop to my knees on top of my towel and start squirming frantically. I press the red button on the screen and then I realize it was in camera mode, instead of RECORDING... I gasp and make one last attempt to start recording, though I know I'm about to have an accident...

I press my entire hand against my crotch and moan as I start pissing full force through my shorts. This was not at all how I intended to go through with things. I looked down at the piss running down my legs and quickly grabbed my towel. I squeezed it between my legs and shamefully peed into it. Even though it was semi planned, I couldn't believe I was sitting on the floor, uncontrollably pissing my pants.

As disappointed as I was to not get in on film, I still took my shorts off to play with myself before cleaning up

