Chatting & Wetting

Author: Lils

*000*2019-02-03 17:46

Earlier today I was messaging back and forward with @Tangosierra97

. I had come online for the first time in about two months and did not really have any plans for my lazy Sunday afternoon, except for the fact that I was home alone, so I could basically do anything I wanted. I had made myself some tea - and some in this sense means a litre of tea - and was joking about the fact that tea in these quantities (especially since it was my second "batch" that day) can make me rather desperate. As he was doing a hold, so did I decide to do a hold.

The first part of holding it was rather okay, I was fine, sipping my tea while browsing this forum and the rest of the endless void of all things funny and hot that is called the internet, and there was really nothing to worry about. I think this lasted for about an hour, which equalled about half a litre of tea being consumed. I was chilling behind my computer in my grey jeans and sweater, wearing a black body underneath (which is not ideal clothing for holding it, but also very nice to hold it in).

The second part was getting more difficult. I was definitely getting beyond the point where I would have normally gone to the bathroom, and my bladder was starting to ache from everything I had consumed before even starting the tea. I mentally started counting: one glass of milk and two glasses of tea for breakfast, a litre of tea with my lunch (which was soup), and then part of my second litre of tea which I had already consumed. I had been peeing normally (i.e. going to the toilet whenever the need would hit me) before going online, but still, I had consumed a lot of fluids that day.

I made a pact that I would try to hold it until the person I was chatting with had peed, and we were keeping each other up to date regarding our levels of desperation. However, I got much worse very fast (and I totally blame the tea, which I was still drinking). I soon went from quite desperate, to barely able to stand/walk (annoying gravity) or sit still without grabbing myself desperately. I moved from my kitchen to upstairs, and that was already agony.

The third part of my hold was total madness, looking back. From the moment I sat upstairs in my bedroom/study, where I had put a blanket over my chair to protect it from leaks, I had to almost constantly hold myself in an effort to keep it in. While I was still chatting, typing almost became too much as I had to let go of my crotch. I started to leak a bit, and finally got the message that I was allowed to go - honestly, if I had not gotten that message, I don't think I would have lasted any longer. With very small steps, I walked to the bathroom, grabbing my large 800ml water bottle on the way, and causing one more leak on the way. I believe that last leak was the first to leak through to my grey jeans. To agonize myself a bit further, I actually wanted to take of the items of clothing before wetting, starting with my socks. Standing on one leg was horrible for my bladder, and I lost a bit more.

After taking off my socks and throwing them on the floor, my jeans soon followed (and I observed two small wet spots). I unbuttoned my bodysuit and moved it up, in order to take off my panties. Both my bodysuit and panties were quite wet. Then I undid the cap of the bottle I had taken with me, and placed in on the bathroom rug, lowering myself above it. Before I could position myself carefully, I had started peeing with full force, missing the bottle and peeing directly on the rug, floor and a bit on the leg of my discarded jeans. Soon I positioned myself and the bottle correctly and I began filling it. And it was filling fast! It did not take long, and at this point, I felt like I was almost done peeing, for the bottle to start overflowing - however, I was enjoying my sweet freedom from desperation and could not care less. In the end, there was a large wet patch on the rug (both from missing the bottle and it overflowing) and a full bottle.

After I was done, I carefully emptied the bottle and rinsed it, leaving in on the bathroom floor possibly for a repeat experience. Then I put on my wet panties again, pulled down the body and closed it, before putting on my socks and jeans with a slightly damp crotch. And now I am typing this story, still wearing these clothes. I usually get a need to pee quite fast again after having an "almost accident"; and I don't know yet what I'm going to do with that need - maybe it will become a nice follow-up.

*003*2019-02-03 20:24

{{5 minutes ago, wettingman said:

How did the person you were chatting with fare. I assume they were aware how desperate you were. What was that like? How Did they react?

3 }}

It was truly great - I think we were pretty much lined up regarding our desperation in the end, although I went from slightly desperate to very desperate very fast. I can't speak for them, but I think it is awesome to share an experience like that. The fact that I wasn't 'allowed' to go until he had gone, was an extra incentive for me to hold on, and actually made me go a bit further in holding than I would have usually done. I think that is in part the beauty of digitally sharing experiences like that, it gives another dimension to understand that someone else is going through the same thing while simultaneously helping yourself push your boundaries.

