Preschool Wettings-From What I remember

Author: diokno44x

*000*2016-05-11 06:29

For those of you who've seen my thread $$ in Omo General probably know this. In my preschool and kindergarten days, I had quite the number of "accidents" which isn't uncommon. What was was that, even though I was pretty much potty trained, I still preffered diapers. If wanted, I could post those stories here, but let me share some from when I wasn't, mostly because we had run out before I was to be dropped off.

So, this was one of those occurrences. I was about five-ish, and was wearing nothing beneath my dark blue jeans. Now, I did use the toilet at daycare, though quite rarely. I had downed two bottles of milk, one for breakfast, the other in the car, and a juice box for snack time. Now, I was playing with one of those Playskool style fake kitchens, with a small plastic counter, fake stove, etc. Now, from what I recall, I soon began to feel a tingling sensation in my bladder. I normally wouldn't have been so nervous about going in my pants, but being diaperless probably posed more risk of getting caught than being so, since, unlike with a diaper, it wouldn't mask the smell, or mess as much.

I rubbed my legs together a bit. When the teacher asked, "Chris, do you have to go potty?" or something like that, I said no. She went to look after the slightly younger kids. I knew I wouldn't make it to potty time, and flooding my pants and leaving a fairly large puddle wouldn't be good. So, I pushed a plastic tea pot over with my foot, placing it between me and the stove. I wasn't a master of unlocking flys at the time, so I let go with a sigh, and a smile. Warmth filled my crotch as me pee streamed out, and into the tea pot. Once I was done, I pushed it away, and continued playing. Luckily the dark color of the pants hid the stain, though I had to find "other" ways of relieving myself.throughout the day, mostly in a garbage can or something. I did manage to snag a Pull-Up or two during Potty Time, but those barely contained the messes I unleashed on them, and barely contained the odor.

