Best Drive Ever

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2019-04-10 13:04

For the past 13 weeks I've been working a job 7 hours away from where I live. I drive up to work, stay there for 8 days, then drive home, repeat that 8 days later. Those long drives have lead to some rather interesting experiences (mostly driving in some really really terrible weather). However, I have come up with a rather... ingenious... plan to help keep myself awake.

Drink plenty of caffeine and plenty of water then make lots of little stops along the way.

This all went according to plan up until about a week ago. See, we just changed seasons from Winter to "Road Construction" here in the Midwest. You can't drive more than 50 miles without coming across some form of road work being done. And around these areas the highways go down to one lane, sometimes they even move on-coming traffic onto "wrong" side of the highway. The put up barriers or cones when they do that, but it's still pretty unnerving seeing a 'oversize' semi barrelling down the highway on the same side of the median as you are but heading towards you in what would normally be your passing land.

But I digress.

When they do decide to do narrow lanes like that, traffic slows waaaaay down.

This particular time, I was driving down the road on my way home after a particularly terrible week. I was rocking out to a new album I had just purchased, singing along as loud as I could and didn't realize I had passed one of my normal stops until it was too late. I wasn't desperate, but the next rest stop wasn't for another 40 miles. I was, however, extremely thirsty from all the singing I was doing.

Somewhere along the line, I had purchased two 32oz gatorades and a liter of coke. Somewhere in those 40 miles, all of those drinks became empty.

Then traffic slowed to a crawl.

By this point, my bladder was pushing on my waistband pretty bad. As traffic slowed to a stop, I undid my pants and squirmed around a bit trying to get comfortable.

The more I squirmed, the more the seam on the crotch of my jeans rubbed my clit. The more my clit got rubbed, the more horny I got. As things progressively got more and more arousing, I rebuttoned my jeans, adding that extra bit of pressure to my bladder. And that was enough to set off probably the most fulfilling masturbation session I have ever done. On a highway, surrounded by semi's that can't see what I'm doing, at night, in the middle of god knows where, with the lights of the next rest stop lighting the horizon.

I may have finished that session, but I still had a full bladder and another 15 minutes to drive to get to the rest stop. And I found another gatorade.

By the time I made it to the next rest stop, my bladder was making me look pregnant. If I had to go earlier, I most certainly had to go now. I made it into the bathroom, sat down, and let the largest gusher I have ever had rush from my body. The level of relief (coupled with the fact I was still feeling pretty damn good from my previous activities) caused me to have a second orgasm right then and there.

I had to sit in the stall for about twenty minutes to regain composure and not feel like my legs were jelly.

My underwear were slightly damp as well, and pulling them up into position against my clit gave me waves of pleasure that almost knocked me off my feet again.

When I finally got home, my boyfriend asked me how the drive was.

"The drive was fabulous, but traffic was terrible."

