Unexpected day off

Author: Toady567

*000*2019-05-30 14:41

I learned yesterday that my boss was giving me the day off because I’d been working hard and helping take care of the business while he had personal business to do. I woke up a half hour ago with an urge to pee. It wasn’t enough to get me out of bed but now it’s starting to build. I’m not in danger of losing control. Thinking of wetting myself gives me butterflies in my stomach. My hands are jittery as I type. I have wet myself for quite a while because I don’t have time or privacy. Right now I have both.

I’ve drank 2 glasses of water so far. I also found a pair of jeans that are too small for me that I never wear. They are right on my waist as I could barely button them. Now they are putting pressure on my bladder. About a half an hour has passed since I started the post. I must take a short break and will return in a few.

*001*2019-05-30 15:20

It has been 30 minutes since I last posted. I’m feeling more desperate as my bladder fills. I thought about just wetting my undies but these jeans are so tempting. Planning on throwing them out after as I do wear them. I feel like letting out a spurt or two but I’m in control right now so I’d have to relax quite a bit in order to do so. I’m comfortable sitting on my balcony with no neighbors around to see what I’m doing. It’s nice out. Overcast and gray but no rain. I’m still drinking my water.

*002*2019-05-30 15:40

As I sit on my balcony, I think about wetting these jeans a little. I’m probably not going to do it out here but I like to think about it. I did have some fun out here one day not long ago. I wore a depends brief and was very desperate. My neighbor was out on her balcony and it was difficult to talk with her because I was so desperate. I was all jittery. I had to sit down otherwise I’d be doing the peepee dance. My heart raced. I ended up losing control shortly after being out here but I stopped the flow after 30 seconds. The front of the brief was soaked but not leaking through. It felt nice and warm and wet. I like the way depends stay warm if you don’t over wet them. After I finished my cig I went inside and finished wetting. My bladder was so full I soaked it completely.

*003*2019-05-30 15:56

I went inside a few minutes ago and drank a large glass of water quickly, refilled my cup and come back out to the balcony. The pressure is building. I’m going to have one more cig and then the real fun begins.

*004*2019-05-30 16:17

As I sit here on the balcony, I try relaxing a little. It is teasing me. I haven’t done this for a very long time so much so I don’t remember the last time. Yes I could pee right now but I decided to have another cig while I wait. It won’t be long now. My mind starts to think about an old friend I met online (never in person) and how we used to exchange emails. I met her on the wetset bulletin board over ten years ago. We wrote about our experiences and our fantasies. I haven’t heard from her in two years but I still think about her often. 

At one point we started chatting over yahoo messenger while wetting ourselves. That was a lot of fun. It is so nice to have someone to share these experiences with. For the longest time I thought I was the only one. Then the internet happened. Finding her was great. It was safe. We knew we’d never meet in person. That was okay. We were both married (I’m not anymore) but in sexless marriages. It helped relieve the stress. I’d love to find somebody like her where we could talk and have fun online.

The pressure is still building. I finished my water but haven’t got up. I’m relaxing a little but my potty training is kicking in and not letting me go. That’s okay too. If I stand the desperation will definitely kick in more. I’m afraid if I let a little go, the pressure will subside. Oh well, I’m going to try now.

*005*2019-05-30 16:38

$$

I let a little bit go

*006*2019-05-30 17:23

Most of the photos were too dark

$$

