High School Assembly

Author: Alex Cubed

*000*2019-10-03 21:45

Once again I bring you a tale from yet another friend of mine. This story is told from their perspective, with some minor edits by me. Posted with permission. The break shows where the omorashi part starts, so you don't have to read before that.

I will be sharing your comments/questions with to person who told me this story, they would love to hear them and respond.

###

The day started like any of my other normal days. I wake up on a Monday morning at sunrise to have breakfast and get ready for school. I was 17 and it was my last year at my high school, which was a catholic all boys school. I had my usual breakfast of toast before getting ready. Due to sleep deprivation I also drank a large mug of coffee in my favourite special mug, which really helped me get through the day, but the mug was basically a small bowl with a handle. I hopped in the shower to have a quick scrub and shave what little facial hair I had before I got dressed.

The shower probably lasted longer than it should have, I typically take way too long in the shower, found it helps me to wake up. I hopped out and scrubbed myself down with a towel and began the chore of getting dressed. Winter uniform consisted of a long sleeve button up dress shirt, underwear, black socks, grey pants, black leather shoes, belt, tie and finally the blazer. I grabbed my laptop, schoolbooks, phone, headphones and wallet and shoved them into my school bag along with my grey wide brim bucket hat. I fill up my water bottle before leaving and place it into the little slot for it on the side of the bag.

Parents woke up just as I was beginning to leave to lock the door behind me and get ready for work. Saying goodbye, I walk into my driveway and begin walking to the train station. Grabbing out my headphones to listen to music, since the walk was about 15-20 minutes usually. I liked to get the exercise and groove along the sidewalk of my suburb to relax. The walk was uneventful but it was still a little exhausting. As I arrive at the station around 7:30, I take a swig from my water bottle and wait for the train to arrive. It takes a little bit of time but the train finally arrives and I hop on. Even though it was early, it was impossible to find a seat on the train, it was packed full of people travelling to the brisbane CBD for work and schoolkids.

After about 10 minutes of commute, the train arrived at the station closest to my school, despite still being another 10 minute walk away. I walked up the stairs into the main courtyard towards the building with my locker. I opened my locker and shoved my bag in, grabbing my school diary out to check what subjects I had today. The first two periods were taken by a school assembly. I closed my locker and walked upstairs to the second level of the building looking for my friends. I saw one of my best mates Ariel, he was a short filipino, as I walked up the stairs. Looking at my watch to check the time, 8:10, no wonder no one else was here.

"Ariel, how are you doing?" I say walking up to him. "Yeah im doing alright thanks." We proceeded to chat about things that we did during the weekend, which was probably about what happened in our Dungeons and Dragons session the previous day for a laugh. Slowly, the rest of our friends would show up and join in the conversation. First was Daniel, a white south african, followed by Chris and James, which were typical high school students and basically interchangeable.

###

As the first bell rung, we ended our conversation and began moving towards the school assembly building, which was just the indoor basketball and netball courts. Slowly, all ~1200 students made their way inside the building and sat in their designated areas based on school house. My friends and I were all in the same house, but in different tutor rooms so we had to split up. I sat down next to other seniors from my tutor room and waited for the assembly to start. Assemblies were always boring, they talked about so much sports shit that I just didn't care about like cricket or rugby. Most of the time I just leaned forward and put my head in my hands and tried to not fall asleep. This assembly started off a little differently though, the first 15 minutes was designated to charity in East Timor.

Once the sports announcements started, I was off in my own little world. Time seemed to move to a crawl, and slowly the urge began. Completely neglecting that I hadn't gone to the bathroom before the assembly started. At first the feeling was typical. I just tried to not think about it about get through the assembly before running off to the bathroom. I glanced at my watch to check the time. I still had to sit in the hall for another hour. Over time the feeling gets worse and worse but I try my best to hold it and weather the storm. The pressure builds and every minute feels slow. Constantly glancing at my watch hoping to see time speed up so that I could get relief.

Sitting there I could do nothing but think about going to the bathroom just to pee. The feeling had built over time. I resorted to using tricks to stop myself from experiencing the feeling. Purposefully getting an erection to stave off the feeling. Unfortunately, the urge was overwhelming and my erection didn't even last 5 minutes before disappearing. I had waited for 45 minutes since I first need to go before I finally had to do something before I pissed myself. Thankfully, I was seated by the sides of the hall and stood up to make my way to the bathroom. There was a bathroom located behind the main stage of the hall by the entrance and I moved towards it, barely able to hold myself in.

Just outside the front of the bathroom, I push on the door to enter. Locked. Holy fuck. I calmly walk to the front entrance of the hall to not make much noise. I walk outside and close the door behind me. I proceed to run as fast as I can to the next closest bathroom. Every single step causes legitimate pain and I'm sure that I'm not even gonna make it. The only thing keeping me from pissing myself is the reassurance that I'm already so close to another bathroom. I ran across the courtyard to the next building and booked it to that blocks bathroom. As I was running there, I was leaking small dribbles into my underwear.

I run inside and find a stall. I close the stall door behind me, unzip and lower my pants to my knees. I'm immediately going before I have time to grip myself and aim. I feel the best feeling of relief I have ever felt in my entire life. I have never spent more time peeing in one go than I did that day. I was peeing a solid stream for at least a full 15-20 seconds and it continued for over a minute longer, my eyes were watering. After the feeling of euphoric release, I shake my dick and absorb the droplets of piss in my underwear with toilet paper. Looking down, the entire crotch of my underwear was wet. I pull my pants back up and redo my belt. I sheepishly walk back to the hall and take my seat in the assembly. Sitting through the last ~10 minutes, just happy that I was able to pee.

*002*2019-10-03 22:05

{{Just now, Mbgpeelover said:

Great story and I can’t help wondering if anyone noticed his need. Was he squirming in his seat or moving around? What if he hadn’t been allowed to leave?

}}

He hid his need until he was out of the assembly hall. Possibly noticed his minor squirming but he wasn't paying attention to others.

He said he would have peed himself if he didn't leave. He said that if the second bathroom was locked he wouldn't have made it to any other bathroom. It was that close.

*004*2019-10-03 22:09

{{Just now, Mbgpeelover said:

Good story. Would love to hear more

}}

I have a few I've posted that I've snagged from the experiences of others. I have two more from former buddies, might post those. (In case anyone is wondering these other stories are also male. I talk to a lot of dudes.)

*006*2019-10-03 22:52

{{8 minutes ago, Mbgpeelover said:

I’d love to hear ones directly about you too rather that others

}}

Hmm, I only have two and I've already posted one. Maybe I should get around to posting the second one, it's quite similar though.

*008*2019-10-04 00:10

{{4 minutes ago, Mbgpeelover said:

You could always hold off peeing and get fresh material

}}

I prefer making others the fresh material. Plus I can't have an accident for the life of me, I can hold so much for a long time.

