Nearly wet my friend's bed!

Author: Ell19

*000*2019-01-23 19:04

Recently I was in bed with my friend at university when I had a close call.

He was lucky enough to have an en suite bathroom which normally is good but we spent the evening watching a film together and afterwards I did need to pee but the room was so quiet and I felt awkward and didn't think it would be any problem so I held it and got in bed.

We cuddled all night and it was lovely until I was woken up early in the morning by a desperately full bladder. My desperate need to pee now outweighed my awkwardness at being heard peeing by him but I couldn't move without waking him as he had his arms wrapped around me. One went under my neck and across my chest (I noticed it has found its way to rest on my breast) and the other was wrapped over my waist with his hand on my lower stomach. I squirmed as a pang of need hit me and in response to this movement he tightened his grip and squeezed for a few seconds putting extra pressure on my already over stretched bladder. I pulled a face and squeezed my legs together.

I laid like that for a little while wondering what to do as my need grew even stronger. I knew I could just wake him up and tell him I had to go but I felt really awkward. Every time I fidgeted or tensed up he would squeeze again and this was definitely not helping the situation. I soon realised what was happening. My squirming was causing my body to move against him and he was reflexively holding me closer and pressing his crotch against my bottom. I didn't know how awake he really was and how much of this was conscious or automatic but I felt him start to get an erection.

I then had my strongest urge yet and gasped and tensed up as I feared I was about to lose control. I managed to keep control of myself even as he pressed himself against me more but now I knew something really had to be done as wetting the bed with us both in it would be many times more embarrassing than him hearing me pee in the toilet. I squirmed more as I fought to hold it in and whispered his name. At this he whispered my name back and started kissing my neck and playing with my breast.

This was very nice and for a moment I allowed myself to relax into it and tipped my head back a bit allowing him to pull my closer. But then he squeezed on my bladder again. I squeaked and flung my hands between my legs rubbing my thighs together as I fought not to let it all come bursting out. His hand remained on my stomach and he pulled, trying to turn me over so he could see my face as he asked what was wrong and I lost it pleading with him to get off, stop squeezing. A few drops leaked out and I was sure I was going to burst.

I scrambled over him and out of the bed saying that I was desperate to pee. For a moment he seemed taken aback but then he laughed as I scurried away to the bathroom.

After a very relieving pee (at this point I didn't care that he could hear but rather hoped he heard how long it was so he understood that I really had been very desperate) I returned to the bedroom to find him sat in bed waiting for me to return with a grin on his face.

*002*2019-01-23 22:56

{{16 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

Thanks for sharing - definitely very nice to read about! Just think how it might have turned out if he didn't have an en-suite bathroom and someone had just gone into the shared bathroom for a nice refreshing early morning shower when you finally made a run for it

}}

I think it would have turned out rather wet and embarrassing considering the desperate state I was in by then.

*006*2019-01-24 18:38

{{6 hours ago, Low-Key Friar said:

This was just a neat and cute retelling of your little (almost big) near mishap! Be honest, would you have liked to have done it right then and there if he'd been into it?

}}

I'm not really into bedwetting myself and I imagine college housekeeping wouldn't have been too impressed with the mess!

{{5 hours ago, waterrat said:

Did you talk to him afterwards, about what could have happened in this situation? Maybe it was great opportunity, or is it unthinkable for you to keep playing while you need to go so bad?

Wonderful experience for you and and nice to read for us.

}}

I told him that he'd been squeezing my bladder and I nearly wet myself and he apologised but thought it was funny and cute.

I would have been happy to continue while desperate but not while in such danger of actually losing control. I once did make out with a girl for ages while I needed to pee super badly and she kept leaning on my bladder but I was too awkward to say anything and kinda enjoying it. She thought the squirming was just me being really turned on haha

{{37 minutes ago, Potty-Polly said:

Would loved to of been there, there would be a very high chance id of not let you up...

}}

I imagine the bladder squeezing would have been more deliberate too

*010*2019-01-25 17:25

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

I thoroughly enjoy your detailed story of being very desperate. Thank you for sharing. Welcome to Omorashi. You are obviously a exciting addition here.

What a thought. Imagine He enjoyed your desperation and wanted you to stay until you at least accidently leaked so he could notice it, if not fully wet, not being into bed wetting aside. Would you stay if he asked ? I noticed your bio listed master/slave, not that I am suggesting anything that radical.

}}

If he was into it I would definitely have played along. And if he had wanted a full wetting then I suppose it would have been his responsibility to deal with any clean up it being his bed. Although personally I'd want to get washed up straight away, I wouldn't have been into staying in the wet bed at all.

