Wetting in Kindergarten

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-05-27 18:15

So this occured in kindergarten, all the back in 2004, fourteen years ago, damn. Anyway, at the private Catholic school I went to, we had, as I'm sure most schools do, Spirit Days, ergo themed days to, in one way or another, show off school spirit. This day happened to be career day. As I didn't exactly have a set of explicit pajamas (I did, and still do, just fall asleep in whatever I'm wearing around the house that day), so my mom got me some custom PJs at a tailor store I guess, shirt, robe, and pants made out of this soft cotton, sky blue in color with these cute ducks on them. We also got to bring a plushie with us, I brought a cute plush koala in a hockey outfit I had named Jason. I had made him in a Build a Bear.

So, as you can probably guess from the lack of said tag, this was one of the occasions where I had run out of diapers. OK, well I had one, but I wanted to see, much like in another experience I posted awhile back, how long I could last without one, and so, once my mom had dropped me off, went into the cubbies. Making sure no one was coming into the cubby area, I slid my pajama pants down enough to get at the tapes of my diaper. I undid them, and stashed my padding in my bag. I fixed my pants, and went off on my day. As I returned to my seat, I felt a tingling sensation run through my body, but I put it off as nothing.

It was later in the day, while at recess, when I was playing in the playground area we shared with the 1st graders (Though the kindergartners went out a minute or two earlier), when that tingling feeling came back, and I knew what it meant, I had to pee, and quite badly by this point. I squeezed my legs together, still somewhat uncomfortable with using public bathrooms. I would have gone back for my diaper, but there were still about ten minutes left of recess, and I couldn't think of a legitimate excuse I could use to get into the cubby area. I walked a teensy bit slower as I walked. Ordinarily I would be fine with going in my pants, but considering I was wearing light colored pants, that wasn't an option.

I spurted a bit, until I realized it was more or less pointless. Going underneath the playground equipment, and squatted down. My bladder released not long after, spraying the crotch of my pajama pants and pooling downward. I used my robe to hide the damage, and carefully made my way to the bathroom. Taking inspiration from a Simpsons comic I had read, I took off my wet pants, using my robe to cover myself, and used a hand dryer to dry them faster. Once there was only a barely noticeable darker patch, which took a while, I put my pants back on. I then, as soon as I could get some privacy in the cubbies, slid my diaper back on.

*002*2018-05-27 21:02

{{3 minutes ago, blasseroz said:

Do you recall watching your pee run out of the bottom of your pants while you were squatting, or did some run down your legs when you stood up?

}}

It ran out of the bottom of my pants

