Thai Wetting from Hooters for Money

Author: raspro

*000*2016-11-28 13:32

A friend of mine has just returned from Thailand after a 3 week bender.

He goes every year for a couple of weeks.

Someone had mentioned the new hooters bar with girls in orange hot shorts, his favourite (mine too).

He met one of the girls called Shya. No idea what her real name was, but who cares. He chatted for awhile and bought drinks for her. He said he noticed her shifting from one foot to the other. He kept quiet for a while longer and proceeded with more chat and more drinks. She became more and more desperate as time went on. She was willing to go back to his room and they negotiated a fee.

While walking back, her situation got worse and she begged to use one of the pubs toilets. He offered to pay more if she held it. Well, it didn't matter how much more he would of paid because she wet her pants in the street. she was so embarrassed and cried.

Being the gent he is, took her back to his room anyway for her to get cleaned up. She borrowed some shorts from another girl. Apparently they were tiny, pink and very tight fitting on her. Even her ass cheeks showed more than the hooters ones.

They chatted and he supplied more and more drinks. when she started to show signs of needing to pee again, he asked her if she enjoyed wetting herself?

She wasn't too sure what he meant. So he showed her by getting her on all fours on the bed. she thought he wanted a blowjob and moved back to position herself over his cock. He said man...I was wet with anticipation and so hard it hurt.

He made her stay in her shorts on all fours and sat cross legs infront of her. He tried to make her kiss him, but she wasn't keen. (Prostitutes don't kiss I reminded him) anyway, with one hand he was fondling her little breasts and the other was pressing near her bladder.

I think she got the idea, when she tried to pull away and make gestures about the toilet. He tried again to stop her, but not forcefully.

Then the "penny dropped" he said. She said you want me pee now? (Broken English).

He nodded yes. She was going to slide her shorts down when he stopped her and pointed to the wet orange ones in her bag.

Her face lit up and she laughed. She said pee like baby now. OK.

He said it didn't take much more encouragement. Her flood gates opened in her shorts and she pissed almost perfect clear vodka. He said you could smell the alcohol in her pee. With in seconds the bed and her shorts were soaked.

Apparently she stayed the night because she enjoyed it, normally you pay more for that.

The following day, she went back to work and they had made plans to meet up again that night. She not only held longer....she brought jeans and Jean hotpants with her.

It was a wet night again.

Night 3 was Shya and a friend called Nazzy. Not sure how to spell that one he said.

Apparently Shya was too tired to really perform, so Nazzy played more. Apparently Nazzy likes wetting too and even wet the bed unplanned. They woke up with Nazzy still sleeping and a huge stain around her.

Jake didn't do much else this holiday after meeting Shya. They were pretty much together night after night and she must have had his entire money pot.

All in all he spent about £180 on accommodation £250 on drinks and about £500 Shya.

Said he came back broke and funked. Can't wait to go again. In the picture with the Red background... Shya is second from the left.

[images removed]

