Cute Guy Desperate at Gas Station

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-10-23 04:42

This happened a couple weeks ago, while I was working. I stopped at a gas station because I had to use the restroom for a reason only girls have to. Just as I pulled up and started fishing around in my purse for what I needed, a landscaping truck pulled up as well, rather quickly. I looked up to see a guy in his mid-late 20s, sort of cute, bouncing a little in the driver's seat before he got out of his truck. I'd found the necessary, and since I was parked closer, I could see him approaching in tight, careful steps when I got out of my truck, and turned to lock the door. He was wearing a neon shirt and faded jeans, and he was all nicely tanned and ripped.

One of his hands was jammed in his pocket, and the look on his face was pretty desperate. I was in a hurry, though, and figured he could wait a little longer (bad of me, I know), so I went on into the gas station, and to the restroom. It only has one. Before I knew it, someone was trying to get in, and they tried more than once, even though I was only in there maybe 90 seconds. I had a pretty good feeling it was that landscaper guy, and when I came out, I was right, of course. He was right outside the door in my favorite desperate-guy position; hunched over a little, knees slightly bent, hand holding crotch. He was blushing, too, and kind of shuffled into the restroom that way. I didn't wait for him to come out, though I wish I would have.

