Holding in Jeans [pics]

Author: anon789

*000*2016-01-18 18:21

Since I've been lurking on the site for so long, I feel like I should contribute something a bit more substantial than my last post, even though it goes against my paranoia and better judgment.

Since nothing particularly interesting happens in my life - that's enough to warrant a more sophisticated story - I have to settle with things like holding challenges. That being said, I did a holding challenge. For the first half hour or so I didn't feel much after having drunk about 4 cups of water. During the subsequent hour, however, my bladder suddenly began to feel heavy. I drank another 2-3 cups of water or so, waited another 1-1.5 hours and, suddenly, was unable to move from my chair or even sit properly without having my full attention to holding it in.

I tried standing up, but during the 2 seconds it took to do so, I felt a huge pang in my bladder and lost it for a second, spurting a few times. I regained control, but at this point I determined I wouldn't be making it to the bathroom before losing it. To give myself some degree of control during my run towards the bathroom, I decided to let a little bit more out, but, to my worry, I think my body and I had a different definition of *little bit*. I made a run for it, trying very hard to not let the floor get wet in the process, and ultimately made it to the tub to let the rest go.

Here are some pics before and after the making said run to the bathroom.

I'll try to get better quality next time!

*002*2016-01-18 22:08

Thanks! Hopefully I'll find the time to do it again. :) Speaking of tea, maybe that would be more effective than just water...

*004*2016-01-19 14:47

Curse you, gravity! Standing up would probably have been about only 16.5% as sudden if I were on the Moon. xD Well, at least it wouldn't be so sudden.

