Just a little OMO fun today

Author: JetStreamPhoto

*000*2019-07-08 00:52

An extended day of OMO fun today - having a fun finale to 4th July holiday.

Here are my events today...

Started the morning pretty early at 5:50AM with my pretty typical very large 2 cups of coffee - each about 20 ounces.

Just FYI: while I make the coffee, I am always super desperate because I like to start the day without emptying my overnight bladder while making the coffee. I wake up every day badly needing to pee - well into the "pee dance" stages. The struggle to make coffee each day with rinsing the coffee glass pot - splashing some of the sink water on my hands and then listening to the tap fill the coffee pot is a real struggle. Then, the sound of water to fill the reservoir in the coffee maker is another challenge as I dance in the kitchen.

Quickly after I hit the ON button, I drop to the floor to do 2 sets of 25 push ups. I do the push ups naked, and since I don't want to leave pee stains on the carpet, I have to use every ounce of muscle in my body to keep urine from leaking out of my cock while I finish the push ups. After push ups, I typically follow with leg lifts and "bicycles" to strengthen my ab muscles. I sometimes leak a little pee during those exercises while on my back - and I just rub the pee on my pelvis and abs/stomach areas to keep it from the carpet.

Sundays are a little slow to start and I eventually had my morning pee after filling that first cup of coffee. My morning ritual also includes waiting until the coffee entirely finishes brewing once I am done those naked push ups. So I fill my first ~20oz coffee cup and finally go have that morning pee. Then I sat around a couple hours drinking those 2 large cups of coffee as my bladder refilled.

Next, I felt that familiar signal of needing to pee. I let time pass but made a decision to take a jog with the dogs as we all needed some exercise. And, since I have done desperation holds until leaking as I leave for a jog, I decided today would be a fun day to repeat. Once I felt my desperation had reached between a 7 and 8, I grabbed the dog leashes, put on my jock strap, then some gray runner shorts and jogging shoes and headed out. Similar to prior experiences, once I got jogging the desperation level dropped. It took nearly 2 miles of jogging before it returned. The jogging path is a 'multi-use' path for walkers, runners, bikers, etc. It is super pleasant neighborhood path with some park benches and a couple picnic tables in various places. It is my usual running path - which I have used previously when I played OMO games.

I really really wanted to let go of my pee while jogging - alas, the exercise was not making the urge to pee any less, but the physical exertion was preventing that magical feeling of passing the pee past the point of no return. I was just about reaching the 3-mile mark when finally some leaks starting to occur. The relief was only extremely small as only a few leaks escaped. I looked down and saw the tell-tale signs of darkening on my gray shorts. The trail had a few others walking their dogs or biking, but my method of stride and how I used the dog leashes to cover the wet spot kept me incognito.

The leakage was far too brief and I was getting more desperate, but as I jogged on towards 4 miles, the urge to pee lessened. It only returned as I neared the final mile near home as I let out a couple more leaks. Again, it did little to alleviate that urge. When I finally returned home, about 50 minutes had passed and my urge felt only a bit higher than when I left. That is my typical experience as I find that exercise and burning calories and sweating causes me to process the available water differently. As usual, I then grabbed a 20-ounce water bottle and filled with water to re-hydrate rapidly.

... more in a follow-up ...

