Desperate at Work (Fast Food Restaurant)

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-26 05:26

When I was 20, I worked in a small fast food restaurant. It only had one bathroom for both customers and employees, and no one who worked there liked to use it, so usually we'd just go home to pee, because we all lived in the area. That worked out fine until I started working the day shift alone. Admittedly, I drank way too much coffee and diet Pepsi, but I could usually hold it until someone on the next shift came in. One afternoon, I was putting away the large order that had just come in, and being in the freezer didn't help my full bladder at all. I was pee dancing constantly, and sometimes had to stop and hold myself. I kept telling myself I had to hold it, I was wearing khakis, I couldn't wet myself. I had just finished putting away the frozen stuff when I realized I'd pushed myself way too far. I was frozen in place, legs crossed, bent over a little, one hand on a shelf, the other between my legs. I couldn't move.

All of my efforts were focused on not wetting my khaki work pants. Just then, my boss, who was also a close friend, came in. She laughed at me, and asked me if I needed to pee. I told her that yes, of course I did, and she told me to go, she would watch the restaurant. I grabbed my keys and headed out the back door, but I knew I wasn't going to make it home. I made sure the fence was closed, grabbed an empty crate to sit on, and yanked my pants down just as my bladder exploded. I balanced on the edge of the crate and tried to let it out slowly, because it was splashing on the legs of my khakis, but I didn't have very good control at that point, my body had had enough. I pissed so much it ran under the fence and into the drain in the parking lot. And to think I'd yelled at a guy on night shift for taking a piss back there the week before.

*003*2016-07-01 00:19

{{15 minutes ago, tennyson said:

I worked for a restaurant that (contrary to labour laws) had three options for bathroom use during your shift. Using the customer (er, sorry, client) bathroom at the front of the restaurant was grounds for immediate dismissal, even after the restaurant had closed.

Don't. (aka Pee before you leave home for work.) Use disposeable diapers (but you can't talk about it. There was no discussions of politics, money, or sex at work - unless the management brought it up.) The drainage grate at the back of the restaurant. (It was behind a quarter wall and used for dumping mop buckets at the end of the shifts.) We were told that if we did not have diapers and we could not hold it, then we could use "the grate". We would be docked 3/4 hour for using the grate. No one on my sift (in the 6 months I worked there) used the grate. I was too busy to notice if anyone had diapers on. After the restaurant closed, female employees would go behind the dumpster and sit on the wall, hanging their bums off the back and relieving themselves there. Maybe some of the guys did it too, but I thought it would be pervy to walk back and sit down and pee (not easy if you are hard and it is 2:30 am).

}}

Damn, I'm really sorry you had to go through that. That's the worst work horror story I've ever heard. If they were that way about your restroom privileges, I can't even imagine how they were about everything else...

*005*2016-07-01 19:14

{{1 hour ago, tennyson said:

Thanks. They were horrible bosses. The restaurant lasted less than a year and had a huge turnover. On the bright side (ha .. ha) I got to listen to the cook sing the chorus to Culture Club's "Miss Me Blind" as he drank throughout the night. That's all he knew was most of the chorus.

}}

I'm glad it didn't last, owners like that don't deserve to be running a business.

