Desperate Indian woman on the train

Author: Despguy123

*000*2021-08-11 17:02

Years ago, I was on a train into central London after an assessment centre at a company office (basically an all-day job interview). On the train with me were two other candidates, a talkative Indian guy and a quiet, shy Indian woman called Sudheera. We were all chatting and then after a couple of stops the guy got off so it was just me and Sudheera sitting together in a rather empty carriage. We were chatting about the assessment day and life in general, and she told me that she had recently moved to London from India to complete her studies and was searching for her first graduate job. 

She was wearing a smart grey trouser suit with heels and was very fidgety, she kept jiggling her legs and pressing her hands into her lap and leaning forwards slightly. I thought she might just be cold or tired after the assessment day. After a while, she asked me to look after her bag and she walked down the train into the next carriage. After a couple of minutes, she came back looking worried and asked me shyly if there were any toilets on the train. I said that I wasn't sure but would go and check down the other end of the train, but I couldn't find any.

When I returned to her and told her that there were no toilets she looked quite upset. I asked if she was going to be OK and she told me quietly that she wanted to pee very badly and did not realise the train would not have toilets. I tried to comfort her by saying that it would not be long until we reached our destination, and she replied that she had been needing to go for hours at the assessment centre but did not want to appear unprofessional by asking the interviewers where the toilets were. I realised that she had probably not peed since leaving her house that morning, and now she was stuck holding on until she could finally use the toilets at our destination which was still around 40 minutes away.

We continued chatting to take her mind off her need to pee but she was clearly distracted and asked me several times if it would be much longer before we arrived. She kept squirming in her seat and sighing under her breath, running her hands over her thighs and occasionally tightly crossing her legs with a hand pressed between them. She was clearly close to wetting herself and even though I was extremely turned on, I felt very sorry for her and said that I'd help her find the toilets once we arrived at the station.

As we got closer to the station and the train slowed down, we stood up and moved to stand by the doors. She stood with her legs crossed, looking out at the passing scenery while holding onto the hand rail with one hand, the other hidden behind her bag but I'm sure she was trying to hold herself discretely. She wasn't saying much now, focusing on holding her bladder for just a few more minutes. Sometimes she would turn away and slowly pace a few steps down the train, bending over slightly, before pacing back to the door to stand with her legs crossed again. We could see the station in the distance and she was clearly at her limit now that relief was in sight, but was still trying her hardest to remain polite and professional despite her predicament.

After what felt like an age, the train trundled into the station and eventually pulled to a stop. She began to mash the 'open doors' button, muttering in frustration, and it took a few seconds for the doors to finally open. We hurried out onto the platform and began to walk quickly into the bustling station, on the lookout for the toilets. We looked around the main area but couldn't see them at first.

'Where are they, do you know'?' she asked frantically, and I pointed out a sign with directions to the toilets written on. The walk to the toilets was sooo long, they were all the way over on the opposite side of the station, and Sudheera asked in a frustrated tone 'Oh why are they so far away!?'. After a minute or so of very fast walking (well as fast as she could walk in heels), we finally reached them and realised that you had to pay 30p to go through the turnstile at the entrance! This was maybe 8 or 9 years ago when you had to pay to use the toilets in the large London train stations, since 2019 it has been free I believe.

She groaned in frustration and began frantically going through her bag to find her purse, jiggling up and down, now so desperate that she could barely conceal her need. I looked through my wallet but I rarely carry coins so knew that I didn't have the 30p she desperately needed. I did actually have a 20p coin but this obviously wasn't enough. She was unable to find any coins in her purse and looked at me hopefully, but I just shook my head sympathetically and showed her the 20p. She looked as if she was about to cry and bent over for a moment with her hands on her thighs, looking at the turnstile longingly. I really did feel sorry for her, she had been holding on bravely for so long and was now clearly right on the brink of wetting herself and having a very public accident in the middle of a busy station, just yards from relief.

I spotted a cleaning lady walking out of the Ladies toilets and had an idea. I walked over to her and explained the situation, that Sudheera was desperate to use the toilets but we did not have exactly 30p, but if the lady would kindly allow her through the turnstile then we could go and buy something to get the correct change later. The lady took one look at Sudheera, who was now dancing from foot to foot and looking at us hopefully, before saying 'Oh poor thing, yes of course you can come through love, quick! Don't worry about the 30p' and used her pass to open a gate at the side. Sudheera thanked her over and over as she rushed through and pretty much ran into the toilets, her heels echoing loudly on the tiled floor.

I thought it would be weird to hang around outside the toilets for her so I left to go and grab some food from the fast food place nearby, and while I was waiting for my order I saw Sudheera walking by. I called out to her and she smiled and walked over to me, thanking me for helping her and said that if I hadn't asked the cleaning lady to open the gate for her, she probably wouldn't have made it in time. She was much more chatty now her ordeal was over and her bladder was finally empty so we sat and talked for a while before parting ways.

We both ended up getting a job at the company and although we never directly worked together, I saw her around the office sometimes and we would always have a friendly chat!

*002*2021-08-17 09:30

{{On 8/15/2021 at 12:19 AM, Apan said:

What were the circumstances at the assesment centre leading her not to be able to go to the bathroom there during the day? (I assume that you were with her there as well). Would love to hear some details leading up to the situation on the train and thereafter.

}}

Because of the classified nature of the work that this company did, it was a very secure office building and we were escorted at all times. Pretty much all of the doors between corridors and rooms were locked and needed an RFID security pass for access. For most of the day we were in a large conference room, then would be taken to various other meeting rooms for the different assessments (e.g. group activity, role play exercise, psychometric testing, one-to-one interview). Lunch was provided in the main meeting room.

So unless we asked one of the HR people running the assessment day to escort us, we could not get to the toilets as they were in another area of the building behind several sets of locked doors. I guess she felt that it was unprofessional to ask if she could use the toilet and therefore waited the whole day. There were only two female candidates including her, so maybe she also felt self-conscious and embarrassed about asking to be escorted to the loos while sitting in a room full of men.

