Intentional Hold! (Pics Included)

Author: Ashi

*000*2014-07-16 00:37

Okay, so late last night I decided I was going to try see how long I could hold today, after drinking quite a few glasses of Pepsi and having a bit of a joke around with my partner. (known as Zest on this site :3) I intentionally decided to skip using the bathroom before heading off to bed, and had a pretty solid nights sleep.

I woke up fairly early this morning as my partners alarm went off. Normally I would use this signal to get up and use the toilet, head back into bed, and idly switch between browsing social media on my phone and lounging around until I feel motivated enough to start my day. However, I woke with excitement, remembering that I had decided the night prior that I wanted to test my limits of holding. Since it was Zest's day off, he didn't get up straight away... and not getting up myself felt quite out of place. But it wasn't long before we both decided to get up and on with our day!

I decided to wear a blue t-shirt and some jean/leggings hybrid... I hadn't wet in those yet, and as they cling to my legs quite tightly I wanted to see how it would feel having something so close to my skin get soaked. When I first put them on, I'll admit I was getting rather... excited... at the tight clothing straight away. Squeezing my thighs together affected my groin in certain ways >.> but I told myself to wait and not potentially ruin the plan I had in mind.

My partner and I decided that, since there wasn't much need to go out today that we would have a bit of a lazy day. I think it was coming to around 10am or so by then, and I could definitely feel the pressure and desire to release building up. I spent about 45 minutes to an hour working on a project on my computer, whilst Zest tended to a gaming server we both run.

The involuntary shaking of my foot and leg suddenly reminded me of how bad I was starting to need to go. I shifted position in my computer chair, only to be greeted with a sudden twinge and ache in my bladder. Zest began to catch on how desperate I was beginning to get, and it took him no time at all to bring in an empty glass and bottle of liquid. He slowly filled his drinking cup to try tease and torment me. I found that gently shaking my feet and bouncing a little in my chair helped aid the protest against my bladder.

I knew from this point on that Zest would deliberately do things to try and make me give in, but it only spurred me on to prove him wrong and that I could actually hold for longer than he imagined.

It was coming around to lunch time, and I had not washed the dishes from the night before... so reluctantly I got up and headed to the kitchen. I could feel the urine sloshing about inside me as I walked, which make it all the harder to get on with the chores I had to do. I'm quite an OCD person and I like to make sure the sides are wiped down, as well as any washing up to be done, before I prepare any food.

Of course Zest followed me in, making conversation with me as I worked my way through the fairly small pile of dishes. Whilst I wasn't looking, he grabbed a small ice-cube from the freezer when I thought he was looking at what options there were for lunch and stuffed it down the back of my pants and into my underwear. Thankfully it wasn't much of a distraction as I managed to get it out quickly. I playfully scolded him and continued through the last part of tidying I had to do in the kitchen. He teased me a few more times by lightly brushing his fingers on my exposed sides from where my top had rode up, not doing too much damage to my slowly crumbling will to hold.

The aching of my bladder was constant now and there were a few times I had groaned out in desperation from walking a little too quickly. Zest walked out of the kitchen mid-conversation, and I instinctively followed him to continue it after hastily turning the oven on... only to find him in the bathroom relieving himself of his own desire to use the toilet. I pouted at him as he smirked and visibly stood to the side so I could see his stream fall into the bowl. I'll have to admit, the noise and exaggerated relief on his face didn't help my own building desire to go.

Physically struggling to walk now, I headed back into the living room to have a quick sit down and let the oven heat up before deciding what I would cook for our lunches. I was abruptly stopped by Zest squeezing me into a tight hug just short of my chair. I can recall his 'cheeky' laugh as he wrapped his arms around my lower abdomen and hugged tightly. I laughed light heartedly, but tried to force his arms off as I felt an overwhelming sensation to just 'go' then and there. When he let go I sat in my chair gently and it took me a few deep breaths to regain my composure.

I knew full well that the dam that was within me was close to bursting now. I quickly checked up on a few things on my computer before deciding it was time to prepare food. I struggled to walk back into the kitchen and as usual, Zest eagerly followed me, like a vulture waiting to dive in on it's prey. He stood in the doorway with his arms leaning against the frame.

I opened the freezer (our freezer is above our fridge) and felt the ice cold wave from the draft of the door opening brush over me. It sent shivers down my spine which was ultimately the first crack in my willpower. I felt myself completely and involuntarily spurt! To clarify, this is my first time holding until I could no longer hold... all previous times I have just relieved myself when I've been desperate enough to go, but still had the willpower to stop myself.

This was such a new experience. I embarrassedly turned to Zest and told him I was had leaked a bit. I showed him the wet patch on my pants and laughed a little, before abruptly stopping as I noticed another spurt depart me. At this point I, with little amusement, saw Zest's face turn from a genuine smile to the sinister smirk I know well. He started recalling 'inside jokes', as well as other hilarious things that he knows I will always laugh at. I had nowhere to go as he was blocking the doorway. I literally could not walk and was bent over from the pain of my aching bladder.

It only took only a few sentences and a laugh to emit from me before I felt myself completely release the torrent that was pent up inside my bladder, even though I was clenching my thighs together and telling myself no inside my head, it was happening and there was nothing I could do about it. The warm feeling washed down my legs, and I hid my face in embarrassment as I heard my piss hissing down and dripping onto the laminate floor below. It felt like forever before it finally stopped, and I had even wet SO much that it had creeped up onto the bottom of my t-shirt at the front!! I contently sighed in relief when I felt the pressure no longer pushing against my insides.

Zest went and turned the shower on for me and took charge of preparing the food, AFTER I had cleaned up and put my clothes to wash of course. (gotta be hygienic!) I had a lovely shower afterwards, and I've got to admit it's the best wetting I've ever experienced <3 and I can't wait to try again and see if I can hold for even longer!

Also, Zest thankfully got a few pictures... haha, so I'll share those too! :3 (I apologize that they're sideways... they were upright in my dropbox owo)

*003*2014-07-16 12:57

{{: 

I am happy for you and Zest having found someone to share your Omorashi fun with . Involuntary leaks are the best. I enjoyed your story and pictures too.

}}

Thank you! haha. Glad you enjoyed it! :3

{{: 

Congrats to you and Zest, sounds like you guys really had a good time ^^

}}

Thanks c: We definitely did! I'm looking forward to being mean to him next time he's desperate! haha

*014*2014-08-01 14:24

Thank you everyone!

And yeah Pissypants2005! I was shocked at how much pee there actually was! It took a while to clean up! Haha

*016*2014-08-02 08:31

{{: 

This is a great story and description. Sounds like you and Zest both really enjoyed yourselves.

It is very impressive you holding for so long sounds like you have a big bladder, you should measure output some time.

}}

Ooh! How do I go about measuring? And yeah... I think I have a pretty big holding capacity D: it can be a downfall at times! Haha.

*020*2014-08-15 11:17

{{: 

Great contribution, Ashi! Thanks :)

}}

Thank you Jean <3 :3

