Wet Pants on the Scenic Highway (with photo evidence)

Author: themerger

*000*2017-05-04 19:32

I have never had such a daring (and I daresay- liberating!) wetting in my life.

While driving home to Pennsylvania from North Carolina, I thought with dismay how I took very few pictures of the mountains while traveling. I pondered this- among other things- as I drank my morning coffee.

Once I was nearly out of NC (but only about an hour into my drive) I started feeling distress signals from my bladder. I really didn't feel like stopping, but knew that the coffee would exponentially increase my desperation. About 20 min later I reached the Tennessee border with a somewhat alarmed bladder. As luck would have it, I noticed an exit for a 'scenic overlook' where (mostly) tourists go to take pictures of the mountain scenery. I thought: "Perfect! I'll pee, then take some lovely photos while I'm there".

The overlook was empty (seeing as it was a Wednesday morning) but once I got out of my car I saw this sign:

My heart sank as I thought about prolonging my pee, as well as missing the opportunity to capture the bucolic mountain sides. With a brazen bout of confidence- seeing as I was the only one there- I decided to relish the sunshine and strong breeze by completely soaking my pants to my feet. I managed to not only wet the front to the completely (ankles not pictured)

But the back of my pants (I think for the first time ever) were saturated!!! This was achieved by chance, with the help of boxer briefs and fortuitous positioning.

I felt completely free! Feeling the warm sun and stiff breeze interacting with the warm wetness on my legs, I actually dared to stroll around the overlook and take pictures- truly high on the experience of being surrounded by only mountains (well, and the mostly out-of-sight highway) in my freshly soaked pants. I took off my filled converse (not pictured) and snapped these photos, after taking some mountain scenes and walked back to my car.

I opened my driver 's side door and reached for some clothes that I had worn during my trip, now in the passenger's seat, when I snapped back to reality; a blue jeep with a young couple had pulled onto the exit and was pulling into a parking space 3 own from me! Unless they willfully averted their gaze, they most certainly saw my wet pants from behind, as I was reaching into my passenger's seat through the driver's side. I turned and reflexively waved (I think, sub-consciously, so as to not appear suspicious). I was holding my red long-sleeved shirt in my hands, which helped partially cover my front as they exited their vehicle and I scurried to the back of my car to grab a change of clothes out of my bag. They were absolutely silent as they walked away from the parking spaces and made their way to the overlook.

As for me, I cleaned myself with a towel that I had in my bag and made a quick change in my driver's seat, before hightailing it onto the highway. Check out the overlook!

And me standing on one of the benches

*005*2017-05-06 15:45

Thanks for the feedback, y'all!

@Riptide101

I have never felt so emboldened to wet publicly. Honestly, being caught wasn't as bad as I thought it would be, and has actually galvanized me to wet in public (but still far from my own neighborhood) more often. After watching numerous public wetting videos, it stands to reason that people don't really pay much mind to those of us who seemingly 'had an accident'.

Never pass up an opportunity to stop, take in the fresh air and wet yourself!

