I peed in my pants on purpose as a teenager (part 1)

Author: scinosensation

*000*2016-05-10 06:09

I was 13 and had sisters 11, 9 and 8. My mother took us on a day long shopping trip to the big city an hour's drive away. We went to several different stores but we did not go to the one store I wanted. When I protested that I wanted to go to that store I was told in no uncertain terms to be quiet. My mother took us back to the parking garage where there were restrooms. I had the perfect way to show I was pissed off. I told my mother I was thirsty; she said there was the water fountain. My mother took my three sisters into the women's room leaving me to go to the men's room. I stayed out drinking as much water as I could from the water fountain, then went into the men's room and washed my hands. 

When my mother brought my sisters out they each anted a drink, and I drank more. I was aware of my bladder; if not for my plan I would have have used the restroom. I thought I might make it home before I peed in my pants, even with all the water I drank. We started the drive back and my bladder filled but I was nowhere near desperate. We had been on the road for about 45 minutes when we passed the last place to stop before home. I waited another five minutes then told my mother I had to wee wee. She said we were almost home and I should just wait.

Five minutes later I was certain I would make it home except that I was also certain I was not going to make it home. I wasn't holding at all. When we were five minutes from home I pushed and felt warmth at my crotch and saw a wet patch. There was no hiding that I peed in my pants I said to my mother I wee wee'd. She said hold on we were almost home. Although my mother missed it my 9 year old sister did not. She said only babies wee wee in their pants. I said no Mother, I wee wee'd; I have wet pants. As I said that I pushed again and the warmth spread to my butt and the back of my legs as the wet patch at my crotch grew much larger. My mother looked over at my pants and her face turned bright red and she started breathing heavily. We pulled into the driveway and as soon as I got out I pushed again and as I emptied my bladder warmth spread down my legs.

My 9 year old sister started a chant T…wee wee'd in his pants, T…wee wee'd in his pants na na na na. I helped bring in the stuff my mother bought, walking with spread legs like I remembered doing when I had accidents when I was just out of diapers. Then she told me to go to my room and wait for her. She came with wet washcloths and towels and took off my wet pants and undies and wiped and dried me. She got out clean undies and pants and had me lay down on my bed. Her face was bright red and she seemed excited as she put on my undies then pants.

She was saying things like I hadn't wee wee'd in my pants in the car since I was 4; I should know better, I ws to old to do things like that, on and on. I said I couldn't help it. Even as she was saying those things I felt great caring and affection from her; it seemed she was pretending she was changing my diaper. When I went out to the living room my 9 year old sister started the chant T…wee wee'd in his pants, T…wee wee'd in his pants, T…wee wee'd in his pants again. My mother told her to stop; it wasn't nice.

*005*2017-09-18 05:07

Over a year passed between when I posted this story and the first response was posted so I stopped following it.

{{On 6/25/2017 at 5:13 PM, Sebastion1963 said:

It didn't embarrass you to have your mom cleaning up around your private areas at age 13? Usually, some parts of puberty have already made their presence known by age 13. Many boys would be horrified to have their moms see them in the nude at age 13. Some boys are just as embarrassed for their dads to see them in the nude at age 13.

However, some teens don't care who sees them nude and will swim in the nude in swimming pools if they are allowed to do so.

}}

Not only was I not embarrassed by it, I expected her to change me. This incident is only one of many during the years when I was 11 to 14. Doing something like this was the one way to get her attention. Years later I realized she got off on doing it.

{{On 6/28/2017 at 1:37 PM, RedFox12345678 said:

I really like the story, I love deliberate wettings and the fact that you were daring enough to do it in front of your mother and sisters. Did you do it a second (of third / fourth or more) time ? I would love to hear that !

}}

I did it many other times when I was that age. I had not written about them for lack of response to this (true) story

