Testing More Period Pads

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-04-21 00:29

First of all, it turns out I'm not the only one who likes testing out pads, I found this Twitter account:

%https://twitter.com/Acha_ABDL/media

###

I had the afternoon off and because I was planning on having some fun sex with my husband in the evening when he was done with work, I opted for some pad-testing fun rather than do anything ‘naughty’ that might have involved putting anything inside myself.

I therefore decided to continue my epic pad testing adventures. Today I wanted to test out some more random period pads that have been languishing in the bottom of my box-O-pads for far too long. These are the kinds of pads I wouldn’t even wear for my period because of their unknown reliability, but which just tend to accumulate for some unknown reason. Please tell me I’m not the only girl with this problem?

Anyhow, I decided I’d test out three pads in one go. No, not all at the same time, I wasn’t going to put all the pads into my panties at the same time. Yeah I’ve totally done this when I was a teen, messing about in the airplane washroom, and fooling about with my sisters and mom’s pads. And actually, I should totally try this again... but that’s a different adventure for another time. No, I decided I’d test out all the pads on the same bladder.

I worked an early morning shift and had been wearing a lovely pair of white cotton panties with blue trim all morning. When I got home after lunch, I inspected these and found them to be just a little dirty. For the sake of science, I should explain that the yellow stain in the crotch of these panties pre-dates the tests therefore, that was my girl bits doing their thing all morning and probably some more permanent stains. For those of you who are into these sorts of things, I do sell my used panties (and wet panties), so get in touch. Anyhow, shameless commercialism aside, let’s get on to ‘science!’

I started by filling up on green tea at work, so that by the time I arrived at home I was full and ready to pee. I had fun on the SkyTrain planning my afternoon pad testing adventures.

Since my Botox treatment, my bladder has been behaving surprisingly well, and I’m trying to train it to be back to how it was, therefore I’ve decided to alter my tests a little. Rather than stimulate a leak with a sneeze, I decided I’d just try to let out a little squirt. This is good training for my bladder, and a good test of the pads, so a win-win. And well, if I can’t hold it and end up peeing everywhere, I’m totally into that, so it’s another win.

I brought a couple of spare pairs of panties into the washroom with me from my panty drawer, just in case the first or second pad I was planning on testing failed and got my undies wet.

1. MaxiThins

$$

Fist up, ‘MaxiThins.’ Yes, I’m pretty sure these are the same pads they give away for free in the washrooms on trans-Atlantic flights. Yeah for free pads, boo for their general quality.

$$

As you can see, these are your typical ‘bunch of absorbent stuff that goes between your legs’ kind of pads. They are thick and fluffy, with a soft cotton feel. They offer zero apparent side protection, and they are a little stubby, or at least they seemed so compared to the nest pad, but I suppose they have decent coverage. They fit well into my panties and felt thick against my girl bits once they were pulled up. Not in a bad way, but I would imagine some ladies would say that these pads do not disappear, you definitely know they are there.

I fit them in place and then moseyed over to the bathtub where I stood ready for the test. At this point I was at about a 7 on the desperation scale, and I was worried about being able to clamp down or not. So I quickly reconsidered my approach. I did want to do justice to the pads and not just pee my panties. None of the pads I was testing today were designed to be flooded by pee, so that would not be very fair. I mean, these are all period pads, so none of them are designed for pee either. Though, I as I’ve suspected while testing other pads from the airplane, I’m convinced that the design committee actually did make these pads sufficient for pee and blood.

$$

Ok, so I didn’t trust my ability to shut off the flow after only a little squirt. So I stepped out of the bathtub, pulled down my panties (the pad stayed stuck in, check one for the sticky backing), and sat on the toilet. I would need to test my equipment before I used it to test the pads. Rather than relax, which I was worried would lead me to simply empty most of my bladder, I bore down for a moment, and it works, I successfully released a decent sized squirt of pee.

I wiped, pulled up my panties, and resumed my position in the tub.

Legs mostly together, I bore down and released a sizable squirt of pee into the MaxiThin pad. It felt good to feel my labia suffused in wet warmth. I stopped, much to my continued surprise and inspected the damage. Feeling around the outside my panties felt dry. I very much enjoyed the feeling, as this pad was thick giving me the feeling of wearing a little diaper, sort of. Prodding around the outside of my panties felt nice. The pad didn’t do all that much in so far as keeping me dry, I could feel the warm wetness of the pad pushing against my body as I felt the outside of my panties. I pulled them down and inspected the pad.

My pee was rather darker than I expected, which bode well for the remainder of the tests. The pad had successfully kept my panties dry (along with my legs and the ground), and soaked up a decent sized squirt of pee.

$$

I rolled up the pad, wiped myself with some toilet paper, and reached for the next pad.

$$

2. Stayfree Dry Max Thins

My next test subject would be a Stayfree Dry Max pad, a very thin pad which covered a serious amount of panty real-estate with its thin plasticky coating. These pads were wide, with that uncomfortable perforated plastic coating with some embossing for show. They are super wide, and cover more than the entire gusset of my panties.

$$

Now I’ve mentioned this issue with other panties before. I do tend to wear girls size 14 panties, but I honestly cannot think of a panty design which would make this pad look small. Maybe boxers?

$$

Anyhow, with the wings, this pad made for a wide wad in the gusset of my white cotton panties.

$$

Anyhow, the pad may be large spatially, but it is very thin. I feel like after a day or even a couple of hours of wear, these pads would be wadded up and formed into the perfect inverted V. Perfect for funnelling pee into your clothes that is. I didn’t decide to test this theory though, instead I pulled my panties up into my body and using my hand folded the pad to better contour my body. Then I stepped into the bathtub and once again did my ‘forced leak bearing-down’ thing.

$$

Again my body released a moderate size squirt of pee and then stopped. I was actually quite proud of this. If Kegels and bladder exercises could be this fun, I probably would have done even more when I was younger (I did a great deal, don’t get me wrong).

Anyhow, I again felt the outside of the panties for wetness, and again was surprised to find the dry. The contour of my panties was warm feeling though, and my efforts to bend the pad had done very little.

$$

So these pads surprised me, though I will say, I don’t think they could have held up to much more. As you can see, they are pretty saturated. And again I doubt their ability to maintain their shape for more than a few steps.

$$

I pulled my panties off completely, snapped some pics, and then reached for my third pad of the afternoon.

$$

$$

3. Vintage Kotex Long Pad

These ones are a huge blast from the past, and I swear these are the pads my mother used when I was growing up. I remember using pads like this one, or rather stealing them and sticking them in my panties. I distinctly recall the ends of the pads popping up the front and back of my panties.

$$

Anyhow, as you can see, these pads are super long and narrow. They have distinctive layers and a cute albeit slightly clinical pink colour. The seam that runs down the middle of them seems to be some sort of mechanism to allow quick absorption.

$$

Did I mention these pads are long?

$$

Sooo loooong!

$$

After pulling up my panties, I had the distinct feeling of wearing a padded banana in my panties. I wiggled my bum about, recalling juvenile pad adventures.

$$

Wearing a pad like this made me feel very little rather quickly. There was a feeling of ridiculousness, mixed with rebelliousness and adventure. Taboo and wonder washing over my consciousness. Ah minds are fun, aren’t they?

Anyhow, I did mention that I started this experiment with a full bladder and my two leaks had done very little to alleviate this fact. So I set about doing the next experiment.

I know I should be appreciating the finer things each pad has to offer. Testing them for wearability, how easy and enjoyable it is to masturbate in them, and that sort of thing, but today I felt like getting through a lot of pads. So I bore down and released another decently size jet of urine into the thin padded banana in my panties.

$$

This time I spent a little more time looking for leaks. The sides of the gussets of my panties felt a little damp against my legs. I recalled putting the pad in that it offered very little side to side protection, with no gathers or embossing designed to keep liquids away from the edges, and this seemed to have been a minor failing for the pad this time. My inner thighs felt a little damp and the edges of the panty gusset were wet as well.

$$

I don’t know if you can tell in the pictures, but they felt wet to the touch.

$$

Probably not wet enough to get your clothes wet, but wet all the same.

$$

I pulled the pad off my panties, and after drying off my lady bits, made a little ‘artistic’ pile of the used pads I had just soaked.

I still had a full bladder and I was still feeling naughty, so naked from the waist down, I went back to my box-O-pads, and rummaged about and found something a little more interesting for my next test...

$$

More soon,

Hope you enjoyed my experiment, if you ever want to purchase any of my panties, let me know, I love wetting them for customers.

Rach

PS. like my work, want to own this exact pair of panties? Check out my website and get in touch!

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

*002*2018-04-22 17:33

{{20 hours ago, Diaperdaddy84 said:

Awesome test! Based on your pics and description I think I like the first one best. Probably because it was the closest to a diaper feel! Something about that comforting feeling.

PS. I really do enjoy your little digressions and reflections about our own psychology and sexuality. It feels like talking to someone with a higher education, and it confuses me on so many levels, when one's mindset in here is really down to our very basic (and weird) drives. (Or our "id", according to a famous psychoanalyst).

}}

Thanks hun, I'm glad someone appreciates my asides. As I've grown up and developed or matured intellectually, I find I'm better able to explore and understand my kinks. Oh if I could tell teenage Rachel shamefully masturbating in a wet Goodnite that she would eventually get it :)

