It's happening right now

Author: LilMiss

*000*2022-03-29 02:53

Oh my gosh you guys. I ran over to my neighbor's to drop off a dish. Was going to back door. They're not home. I sneezed and omg I had to sit on one of their garden seats. I feel like I'm about to have a heart attack. Tried to take pic. I cant move right now. If I even tighten up my legs I think I'll pee again.

$$

*001*2022-03-29 03:01

Omg it is getting colder. It's making it worse. It might be better if I jump up right now and just rush back over to my place. Sorry I should put this in live thread if I can I suppose. Ek! I feel more right there and almost feel like I'm leaking maybe? Omg they better not come home. I haven't seen any auto lights come on, dont think they have ring. I hope. Omg. Itxs dark out at least.

I just about hit post, checked by taking a picture and I've been leaking. So of course I try to post here first ha.

$$

*004*2022-03-29 03:13

Omg I can't believe this is happening. Irony is I often wear pop pullups, sometimes pads. I just ran out yesterday, so I put in an Amazon order to be delivered between 4 and 8 am tomorrow. I think it is gonna have to happen in this chair. Yes dark good, but then I have to dash thru parking lot kinda. Sorry this photo probably not great i cant believe this, want to save a good look for myself at least

$$

*005*2022-03-29 03:23

I am a grown woman that just pissed her pants sitting in her neighbors chair. Holy crap. Dying, heart pounding and shaking so hard. I tried to skooch the chair away. Haha oh wow. Can someone check these pics don't have identifying info?

$$

Thank god its outdoors. Can you imagine, all for an 8x8 pan. I'm gonna collect myself then try to get in quick cuz I'm freezing. I hope no one would have reason to go near this chair tonight. I'm kinda moving my butt around to dry it off. This is so nuts.

*007*2022-03-29 05:02

Ok wow. I made it back. I had to go through 3 lit carports and then to mine which the light is burnt out on. As I opened my back gate to go into my back area, my neighbors next door came out theirs and I rushed in mine. But then I froze because I didn't want to trigger the auto light by my back door until they pulled away (I heard them beep their car). I took a pic while I was waiting. After they pulled out and drove away I dashed from my back gate to my back door and then inside. If anyone was looking at my back door from the parking area they would have seen me in peed jeans under a 120 W light going in the back door super quick.

Gotta say it was a rush but I'm still in a bit of shame spiral and feeling dumb. It's not the first time I've had to walk from my carport to my back door with peed pants. I guess it may not be the last.

Later I'm hoping I can take pleasure from this. I'm already starting a bit now I think. Early hours yet. Ha.

$$

*013*2022-03-29 15:45

I just reread this now that I'm awake again and have had a bit of distance from it and I have to say this is turning me on today a bit so that's nice at least! I'm looking at the pictures and I wish I'd been able to take a pic of my butt because it was really wet since this happened sitting (after the initial sneeze). Although it helps I was sitting on a plastic chair with a weave pattern.

And yes, I sometimes just have a big gush when I sneeze. I dont have much pelvic floor strength and depending on how I'm sitting or standing when a sneeze hits (mid-stride or open legs) I can really push a lot of volume out and it feels like security forgot to mind the doors. Hence often wearing pullups preemptively. I got a notification that amazon delivered my order at 4:30 am so at least there's that. Hope I don't pee myself going out and getting them.

Thanks for the comments. I'm not great figuring out how to answer individual ones (hey I haven't mastered basic potty training yet either...so...)

What a night. I can't help wondering who saw. There are a ton of windows and cars and parking spots that can see right to my back door (there's a back little fenced area but it is 4 feet lower than my back door, that is up some stairs). My neighbor (the neighbor whose house I was at) actually has a more private back area than i do, just because their back area is not up a hill, so their gate blocks a lot of view (thankfully...never fully appreciated that before last night).

The kicker is, I was so panicked about the whole thing....and them maybe coming home right after I left and connecting the puddle with a pan on the back step that I brought it back home with me!

*016*2022-03-29 17:42

Oh yeah that's unlikely to happen, sorry. But I suppose you never know. I never thought I'd be peeing in my neighbor's backyard either!

Also, ran out to grab amazon packages which fortunately were wrapped in plastic because it was lightly raining....which is a total save for me so I don't feel weird about leaving my pee behind! Whew all around. And if anyone saw me, it's true. Accidents happen and it was definitely a genuine one.

*018*2022-03-29 18:00

The next-door neighbors that came out their gate as I was going into mine? I hope they didn't see anything. My carport light is out and I whisked myself into that gate crazy fast and hid on the other side for a second, frozen, not wanting to trigger my door light. They moved in recently and tbh I can't even remember their names so thankfully I felt no pressure to be neighborly.

The other neighbors (I was taking the pan to), they weren't home thankfully. I didn't know what I was going to do if they pulled up as I was sitting in that chair with the realization that I may not avoid a full accident. My brain was really scrambled (obv to me by the typos in my original posts and all the omg's) but I did remember thinking if they pulled in I would have to pee everything out as quickly as possible, keep sitting there and then just explain myself, let them get inside, and slink back home. I knew I'd be unlikely to be able to keep holding it if they pulled in (each parking spot is by each back gate going to each back door) while I tried to stand up to say hi and quickly leave. They would be treated to a full peeing show right in front of them and I desperately hoped to avoid that. I can't imagine how that would have played out...the humiliation. I don't know many of my neighbors well.

I'm just so relieved it turned out as well as it did...and even with precipitation clearing out any evidence of my accident, which is not something that happens all the time where I live.

*021*2022-03-31 03:07

Nice to know I'm not alone.

For questions....Under stress (sneeze, cough, laugh etc) there are times where it seems like I'm only able to hold pee in by using my outer muscles (inner thighs?) and my leg positioning or hands to physically stop it. So the gush happens at the same time as the sneeze. If I'm sitting or standing, I can squeeze all that and usually keep from wetting. When I'm doing something where I'm mid-stride, bending or lifting, I first have to get back to a stable position and sometimes I just don't have time before the gush. 

Sometimes even when I can hold back that initial gush, it can be really hard to hold back right after that and I can develop one of my slow leaks that goes for a bit. The other night, both happened. I was probably very slowly leaking for 5 minutes after the initial gush that made me slam my butt down in the chair. I tried to get up but as I did that, when I'd raised my butt about 5 or 6 inches, I could feel myself starting to really lose it and sat back down and jammed my hand in. That stopped it but I felt it was tenuous. I contemplated life (ok, freaked the hell out), took a picture, and posted. While doing that (a couple minutes passed) I felt a tiny spasm and then the slow trickle started (this is more than what I consider "a leak"). It was over in about a minute maybe, the main event. But then after was a series of slow trickles again, just the last working its way out seemingly by gravity.

Also I haven't gone over to my neighbor's again. They sent their daughter over to pick up the dish (blush).

