Wetting in Barnes and Noble

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-09-06 19:38

So, this occured when I was about seven, late in 1st grade if memory serves, though I don't quite recall the month. My mom and I had taken a trip to the local Eastridge, as I wanted to check out the Barnes and Noble. I had a need to pee, but it was just a slight twinge. Heading into the kids section, where all the other kids were, and two of the employees, in their late teens to early twenties, were there to supervise the five or so kids there, one of which was reading to the group while their parents shopped about. Alongside this, mom had come to buy a new pack or two of diapers and or Pull-Ups. As I shopped about, my mom patted me on the shoulder. She said "Chris, I'm gonna go and buy you some more diapers OK. Stay here and don't wander about, OK?" With a nod from me, she left. I, not really being interested in the rest of the store anyway, stayed in the kid aisle.

It was a few minutes later that my need to pee from earlier had grown, and now I could feel a heavy pressure wanting to release into my pants. As I was sifting through some early chapter books, I placed one hand to the crotch of my sweatpants, trying to keep my hold on my bladder. I could feel a few dribbles slipping out, and hitting the crotch of my pants. I didn't know where the bathrooms were at the time, and alongside that, I wasn't comfortable using unknown bathrooms alone yet. At school yeah, but in a place like a store where I didn't know if my mom was in the same store or not, nope.

Doing a bit of a potty dance at this point, I put the book I was reading down, and began looking for a private place to pee. Spotting some bean bag chairs in a corner, I quickly made sure no one was looking directly at me, plopped down on one, and let go. The pee spurted first, then turned into a full stream, as the front of my blue sweatpants darkened, as did the bean bag chair beneath me. A sense of relief, and warmth, washed over me as I emptied my young bladder into my pants and the chair. Once I was done, I stood up. The dark color of my pants obscured the pee stain, and you wouldn't really see it unless you were looking for it, and the orange, if memory serves, bean bag I had done my business atop had a decent sized pee stain on it as well.

Once I was done, I swiftly scampered back to where I was reading. After a few more minutes, my mom returned, and got me into a fresh diaper.

*002*2018-09-08 17:30

{{10 minutes ago, blasseroz said:

I'm sure your mother meant well, but it could be interpreted as 'parent permission' if she had seen your need already. Maybe my own obsesion is creeping in here.

A very thorough description - I can easily empathise with your situation here.

}}

Thanks Blass, as for the "parent permission" thing, I really wasn;t showing any signs I had to pee yet

*004*2018-09-09 14:39

{{20 hours ago, blasseroz said:

Imagination working overtime then. Good-oh!

}}

I mean, aside from some slightly shifting, but that could have just been anticipation

