Spur of the moment holding (low quality pics)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-02-03 15:12

Hello everyone!

I've just moved into a new place for 4-5 months as is required for my course at uni, to travel about!

Luckily we have lovely omo friendly floors here, so I am hoping to post a bit more frequently.

The other day after having moved in I was bored and tired, and lying around in my living room in some cropped sweatpants and a random t-shirt - lots of travelling and unpacking and stuff you see!

I was on facebook messenger to homeanddry and we were chatting, about nothing omo related, and I vaguely complained that I was needing to pee, but also thirsty. Our convo carried on when he said

"btw, drink first"

Now, I never expect that, H is usually a lot more calm and more of an audience I'd say omo wise as to what I'm doing, and rarely gives instructions, however, having not participated in it in a while, I was more than happy!

I had two glasses of water, and went about doing stuff, not really feeling the need that much and listening to whatever my housemate was doing. I had to go quite badly eventually but decided to drink another couple of glasses of water.

I then went into my room to charge up my phone, and sat squirming on my bed and holding myself with one hand whilst on my phone, H was also holding during this, so it was certainly lightening up my boring evening!

I was starting to get tired, and it was a bit late, so I went off to brush my teeth. As soon as I saw the toilet I had to go right then and there, but of course I didn't. I hurriedly shut the door and squeezed my legs tight crossed, whilst I brushed my teeth. I had one hand in my crotch and was squeezing my legs shut, and holding on so tightly internally, but the sound of the water made my bladder spasm three times, with each time forcing out a huge stream. I wanted to hold just until the last minute with only one or two leaks, but that was wishful thinking.

I regained control and finished brushing my teeth and pulled down my clothes. I'd completely soaked my purple panties, and had a huge wetspot on my pants. I then chucked them in the wash and went to sleep! That was not the plan but I can't say I didn't love that feeling of losing control!

Anyway, I have a pic of moments before I lost control, and after i'd regained it, but they're blurry/poor condition because I was shaking so much haha! Hope it's okay

EQ x

*004*2016-02-05 21:11

{{: 

Great pics... thanks! The big unanswered question here is, after losing control and then regaining it,... did you go pee to let the rest out before going to sleep? Or did you go to sleep still holding some remaining in your bladder? Either way it's fun. Thanks for sharing. :)

}}

Haha! Sorry, yeah I let the rest out before I went to sleep! No problem

{{: 

Thanks for posting. Great photos.

}}

No problem, I wish they were better quality!

{{: 

Very nice! With "omo-friendly" floors should we expect to see more spontaneous wettings???

}}

Haha yes, that's the goal! We will see what happens :P

