Sighting at Work

Author: BigBear

*000*2019-10-27 04:09

Earlier this evening whilst I was at work I witnessed some very nice desperation so thought I would share it for all to enjoy.

I was working the bar this evening at work. I work in a gaming centre and Saturday night is usually quite busy. We have Saturday night bingo which usually attracts a lot of people and the way the bingo sessions are played the bar gets busy just after a session of bingo as people come and get drinks in the small interval before the next session starts. This usually results in a bit queue at the bar so people try to get to the bar first to avoid having to queue.

After the first and second session this was the case however usually after the third a lot of people leave as the final session is only a short one and the prize money isn't as much.

So after the third session was coming to a close I knew we would have a few people to serve but nowhere near as much as the first two intervals. When the session closed there was a mass movement as people stood up and began heading out.

As expected a few people came to the bar, amongst them was a woman who ran over and joined the back of the small queue. I realised she must have ran over thinking she was going to beat the queue.

I served the first few customers and then it was her turn. I recognised her having served her twice before this evening and made a joke with her asking if she wanted the same again. She listed off what she wanted and I started on the smaller drinks she and her friends wanted. The spirits and mixers.

I poured out the measures of vodka and brandy and as I was stood filling the glass with Pepsi ad lemonade accordingly I noticed she was dancing and shifting on the spot.

At first it just looked like dancing and I just went with it but as I moved the drinks towards her i noticed it was definitely a pee dance. She was squirming and stepping from foot to foot and occasionally squeezing her legs together.

The next drinks she wanted were two 4 pint pitchers of lager the same as before. I set up the first pitcher under the pump and set it flowing. As I stood waiting for it to fill up I watched her dance get more and more intense and it was obvious she was desperate for a wee.

I kept flicking my line of vision between the slowly filling jug and her sexy movements. Her tight denim jeans must have been tight on her bladder and I was mesmerised watching her knowing she needed to pee.

I thought about the 8 pints of lager she had taken away last time and wondered how much of that was badly wanting out.

The knowledge that she must have been waiting through that last session and then decided to hit the bar first before the bathroom in the hopes of getting served quicker was quite arousing. It was obvious from looking at her she had underestimated her need and it was quickly getting worse as she was stood there.

I finished the first jug and started the second. I had to make conversation about it, I wanted to hear her say something about it.

I smirked at her and asked if that was her "I won at bingo dance".

She laughed and said "no no, this is my really need a pee, about to wet myself dance".

I laughed and said "so, you are about to wet yourself and you came to the bar and not the bathroom".

"i know I know, I just wanted to get here first before a queue formed" she replied, squirming and dancing.

I finished off the second jugs and and she said she would be right back. I figured the desperation got the better of her and she was going to the toilet. However she took the two jugs and took them over to where her and her friends were sat then came back to the bar.

Shr resumed her on the spot dancing as she pulled out her card to pay. She put it in and I set the transaction going and she squirmed hard telling the machine or hurry up. It finished up and she grabbed the drinks and ran with them back to her table.

She put them down and then ran towards the ladies toilets, frantically undoing her belt as she went.

I enjoyed watching her frantically running and she looked like she was on the verge of having an accident. She vanished into the ladies and I decided to head out and collect some glasses now a lot of people had gone.

As I kef the bar she suddenly came running across the room, her belt still undone and still looking frantic. She dashed across to the disabled toilet and pulled the door. She found it wouldn't open, we always keep the disabled toilet locked, those who need the disabled toilet know to ask a member of staff and it will be unlocked. We do that as everyone had been using it and sometimes it was left in a right mess.

I watched her pulling on the door, squeezing her legs. I walked towards her and told her it was locked. She spun round and moaned "can you please unlock it, I'm seriously about to piss myself and there is a line for the ladies".

I told her I wasn't supposed to but then pointed at her unbuttoned jeans and said "its clearly you are pretty desperate so I won't make you wait in line".

I told her I would grab the key and went to the change booth to get it. I watched her from the booth squirming and clearly bursting. I grabbed the key and went over and unlocked the door. She dashed inside and from outside I could hear her strong stream and boy did she have to go.

She came out a few minutes later and thanked me. She pointed at the ladies and said "I would have definitely had an accident if I had tried to wait for those ones".

I locked the door back up and continued on collecting glasses, the whole time with the image of her pee dancing burned on my mind.

