An actual messing accident

Author: kochel428

*000*2019-07-19 22:10

This morning I woke up needing to pee. Not really bad, but enough that I got it in my head to hold my morning pee. I started it off by finishing the water bottle that I'd started the night before (it's a 1L reusable nalgene bottle). I refilled the bottle and then went about making my breakfast, waking up slowly as I did so, and sipping on the water.

For breakfast I had oatmeal, a few hardboiled eggs, and of course a cup of coffee. I'm not human until I have coffee in the morning, but it definitely makes me have to poop. By the time I'd finished breakfast and the first liter of water, I was definitely feeling a need on both sides. Even though at that point it had been over ten hours since I'd peed, I was surprised to realize that by need to poop was much greater than my need to pee.

I sat there for a while, working some and chatting on an omorashi-themed discord. Two hours after I'd woken up I started a second liter of water, and when I got up to refill it I really felt the urgency in my bowels.

When I started the third liter of water, things were getting bad. I had to poo so badly I couldn't even tell what was going on with my bladder. My belly was distended but I really didn't know what was what. All I knew was that I was getting successively greater waves of need to poop. I'd get up to give my cat some food or put dishes in the sink, and I'd find myself breathing heavily and having to keep stopping what I was doing to concentrate on holding it.

I finished my water bottle at about 1:30, three hours and change since I'd gotten up. At that point I got up to do my dishes, and as I was walking to the kitchen I was surprised by the feeling on my anus opening ever so slightly and a little ball of poo squeezing its way into my pants.

I couldn't believe it. This has never happened before, an actual messing accident. I stood there blinking in shock, and suddenly felt the need to dance in desperation. I waddled all over the apartment trying to contain the mess that was trying to force its way out. Finally I thought I'd regained control and went back to the sink to do dishes.

Things went find for a while, but at some point I leaned over to put something away and more mess forced its way out of me. I had to stop again and gain control, but no sooner did I start back at the dishes but an even bigger lump came out.

By the time I finished the dishes I had a small but significant load in my pants. At this point I started limping around, trying to hold it, and periodically failing. At one point I tried walking the length of my apartment as if I were walking normally (instead of hobbling around) and boy was that a mistake! With every step more poop oozed out, completely out of my control.

There wasn't much I could do by then. Walking, standing still, bouncing around, standing up straight, doubling over. No matter what I would have more mess in my pants every thirty seconds or so.

I had resolved to hold until 2, and at 1:52, I went back to the sink to wash the last thing I had left, a metal straw that needed to be washed with a pipe cleaner. I turned on the water, got out the pipe cleaner, and tried to drip some dish soap down the straw, only to find my control slipping completely. A load pushed its way into my underwear no matter how hard I tried to hold it back.

Finally I went into the bathroom and got in the tub. I was surprised, as I stepped over the tub's edge, to lose, not more poop, but a nice big squirt of piss. I'd been so focused on my messing that I'd completely forgotten about the extremely full bladder I obviously had from 3L of water a a cup of coffee. I lay down in the tub and felt my load squish underneath me.

Lying there, my need to pee reared its head with a vengeance. I finally relaxed and flooded my sweatpants with piss. As the floodgates opened I let myself relax further and a mountain of shit came rushing out, filling my underwear and overflowing the leg bands into my pants.

It felt amazing, needless to say.

Once I'd caught my breath, I gave another push and out came more piss and shit. It was as thorough a mess as I've ever made. After it was all out I made myself come while lying in my mess, and then just lay there and relaxed for a few minutes before cleaning up.

It was my first real poo accident! I've been doing this since I was a teenager but never have I had this experience before. Hope you got a little enjoyment out of it too!

*002*2019-07-22 17:21

Three days later, I keep coming back to this experience in my idle moments. It may not be clear from the account above, clinically based on the chat logs I wrote as it was happening, but this was an incredibly intense and overwhelming experience. I kept thinking I should just go let it out and finish up but then something in me would stop and say no, this is true loss of control and it feels amazing. Let’s see how far it can go.

It’s not an experience I would necessarily want for myself very often, I can’t imagine it was good for my body, but I’m so glad it happened and I’ll be thinking about it for a long time to come.

*004*2019-08-02 18:37

{{On 8/1/2019 at 3:58 AM, blkgirl said:

Wow... Well I think you just helped me discover a second fetish. This was delicious

}}

God you enjoyed it! Are you saying you didn’t know you were into messing until you read this?

*006*2019-08-04 22:16

{{On 8/2/2019 at 8:52 PM, blkgirl said:

Pretty much yeah, granted I haven’t explored much of my sexuality at all

}}

Welcome to the messing club! Enjoy your stay, and please post your adventures!

*007*2019-08-14 21:57

I just want to report that following basically the same strategy—drinking copious amounts of coffee and water and holding my pee while also holding my poo—led to another successful actual accident yesterday. This one was complemented by significant pee leaks at the same time, so it was pretty exciting!

*009*2019-08-15 19:13

The timing between the poop accident and the pee accident? I’m finding that having a very full bladder seems to actually cause the messing accident. I also probably wouldn’t have had the pee leaks if I weren’t leaking poo as well—they’re mutually reinforcing.

*011*2019-08-16 00:09

{{3 hours ago, Downjacket said:

Gotta try this...

}}

I’d be very interested to hear whether this works for more than just me.

*014*2019-08-16 17:45

Lentil or split pea soup the night before used to do it pretty reliably. My BMs do tend to be on the softer side these days though, regardless, so I don't have to do much.

*017*2019-08-21 15:15

{{6 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Definitely my experience too. In fact I just logged on because I am holding my overnight pee and am starting to feel the need to poop building fast.

}}

Ooo, how did it go?

I've decided to do all my poop in my pants for the remainder of the week. If I can do it that'll make only two times I've gone in the toilet since last Thursday, which feels lovely. I'll be getting really busy starting next week so this is the time for me to do it.

*018*2019-08-22 18:33

In case anyone is wondering, I’m keeping with my decision. Yesterday and today I’ve filled my pants. One day to go...

