Peeing Myself in a New City

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2019-10-25 05:12

So, a few months ago I moved to a new city. During my first full weekend being here, I had decided to go exploring. I walked down to a cafe, and I sat there for a while and drank a couple glasses of green tea. While I sat there, I saw a really pretty park down the block. I finished the second cup of tea, and I headed towards the park.

I swear I had only been walking for about 20 minutes when I felt the tea going straight to my bladder. I was somewhat irritated, because I was enjoying the park and wasn't ready to leave yet. So, I kept walking and trying to find some kind of bathroom. About 20 minutes later, I'm near desperate and I can't find a bathroom anywhere. To make matters worse, I wasn't even sure where I was at. I was lost in a park, and dying to pee. I looked on Google maps to figure out how to get home. It was a 10 minute walk from where I was at.

I started walking as fast as i could, but a huge wave of desperation came over me, and stopped me dead in my tracks. I crossed my legs trying to fight the desperation. I knew at that point I wasn't going to last long. I started walking again, and almost immediately I felt a huge leak escape. I stopped and put my hand between my legs to get myself under control. I somehow managed to suppress my desperate bladder enough to start walking again. People were probably staring, but I wasn't paying attention to them. I was about 5 minutes from home, and I could see the building. Just the sight of it was almost too much excitement for me to handle, because another huge leak escaped me. At this point there was a decent sized wet spot between my legs.

I made it to the building. I ran to the elevator, and pushed the button. Waiting for the elevator was agonizing. I was so close to relief. Thinking about my relief, I lost focus on holding my bladder and peed for a good 2 seconds before I could get it under control again. Dark lines started running down my legs. The elevator doors finally open, and I pushed the number 12. The gravity pull of the elevator took my still full bladder by surprise. I started dribbling right there. I threw my hands between my legs in a desperate attempt to stop it, but it just kept coming. Luckily there wasn't anyone else in the elevator. 

The elevator doors opened again on floor 12, and I ran to my door. Pee still flowing. I'm trying to get my door unlocked to at least get inside, so my neighbors didn't have to see my totally piss myself. The end was near for me. I finally made it inside my apartment, and my tired stomach muscles gave out. My dribbling turned into full on peeing. It felt so good to let go. It was so hot watching my jeans turn to a dark blue. About a minute later, I was finally finished peeing. There's wasn't my dry places left on my jeans.

*002*2019-10-27 19:11

{{7 minutes ago, GoldenG8 said:

Great story, thanks for sharing it! I gather you've moved to a city where open public bathrooms are in short supply? It's certainly a problem we have in my neck of the woods... And by "problem," I mean "feature."

}}

There wasn't any in this park at least. I know my way around a little better now. Maybe next time I'll just wear black pants instead of jeans.

*005*2019-10-28 02:44

{{4 hours ago, NorthEastGuy said:

That was so friggin’ hot!!! To watch you do that in person would be absolutely amazing. Thank you for sharing!

}}

Honestly, it was fun. Glad you liked it.

*008*2019-10-30 03:40

{{On 10/27/2019 at 6:11 PM, Stanley79 said:

Wearing denim jeans? Nerdy as in Make magazine, or like to read techno fiction or ... ? New City cooler than your previous location?

}}

Nerdy as in science. I have a bio degree. I like the new city. Thank you.

*010*2019-10-30 11:56

{{6 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Great story, and I'm glad you found it enjoyable.

}}

I'm glad you like my stories.

