How I stayed warm in the snow...

Author: omobecca

*000*2018-03-03 03:11

So here in the UK we're being battered by snow. As a country we are hopeless when it snows. All the transport stops, public services struggle, and we always seem totally unprepared. Talking about being unprepared... that's where I come in.

This experience... event (whatever you want to call it) may or may not have happened tonight, who knows.

I was unprepared because I ran out of snacks and nice feel good food. I like snacks and feel good food. I only realised this when i had spent the evening eating all of my snacks and feel good food; thinking i had more, obviously. I was content in my ball of warmth in bed doing a film marathon and ignoring uni work. At about 21:00 ish I was hit with the dilemma: Do I stop being a total pig and stay in my nice warm bed OR Do I follow my cravings and brave the super cold conditions outside to indulge the fact I want to be a pig and keep eating. I chose the latter.

At this point I was already in some nice fleecy joggers and a t-shirt and hoodie. The joggers seemed impractical to wear in the snow though, as the wind is causing the snow to pile up and be deeper than it should be. Damn wind.

I should mention at this point I wasn't even thinking of pee stuff. I've been quite good the last few days and tried hard not to play around as I've actually been trying to do uni things. I didn't even really need to pee badly before I went on my little adventure.

I changed out of the joggers and put on a pair of warm leggings and a pair of black jeans. I thought the jeans hugging the leggings against my skin would retain the warmth. i pulled on a pair of socks and a thicker pair over those. I swapped the hoodie for a jumper and put on my dark grey coat which ties at the waist and just about covers all of my ass. I haven't been out much in the snow (because I fecking hate it) so tried to be as prepared as possible for the cold. I went for my thin pair of woolly gloves, as they are the only ones I own, a scarf and a beanie style hat also.

And off I went to the small Tesco shop that was a good 10 minute walk away without snow. Becca you idiot.

I had slipped on my ass before even leaving the street my accommodation is on. My face felt like it was being splintered by ice cold splinters. Did I mention it's windy as well? The snow isn't that heavy but instead of going downwards it's coming face-wards. Despite the conditions, the snow drifts looked very pretty.

Much longer than 10 minutes later I got to Tesco, got my chocolate and biscuits and all those good healthy things and trotted back down the road I came. This is when it hit me. I had ignored any bladder feelings until now as i was focusing too much on not slipping and trying to readjust my scarf so my cheeks wouldn't get frostbite. I actually had to stop walking for a bit to squeeze my legs together as I realised if i didn't get back quickly there may be a yellow snow incident. Even if I got back to my room, dropped everything, ran to my toilet or shower and just peed. I was fully prepared for that. I almost accepted that as fate as all I wanted to do now was get out of this bastard weather.

As I said earlier, the sow wasn't too heavy but it was still bloody cold. My jeans and leggings idea hadn't been brilliant as both my legs felt numb. The only source of warmth down there was my thighs rubbing together as I walked. My chest was starting to ache from a mix of shivering and trying to breathe more. But goddamn this chocolate was worth it; of which I'm definitely not eating whilst writing this.

I was about half way back to the accommodation before I realised I was probably at about an 8 - 8.5. I was panicking a bit as despite doing a bit of wetting from time to time, I strictly do not do anything publicly as I am way too scared and just no. So now I was using more effort to hold as well. Walking was hurting, breathing was hurting and now holding was hurting. Something had to give very soon... and both walking and breathing are more important than the other...

The inevitable started to go through my mind. What if I had to pee now. Could I actually hide anywhere? Nope. Even behind a car? Not discretely. Are there people around? A few. Is it light? Only form the streetlights, which were light enough. Shit shit shit. Out of panic I took my spare hand and rubbed at my crotch to try and warm the area up, not that I thought it would do much use. All I did was make myself horny. Grade A job well done there, Becca. Now I was breathing heavier because I'd done gone and rubbed the V.

I kept my hand there for a little while longer and the urge took over me. I stopped holding momentarily and felt a short wave pee touch my underwear and trickle down underneath my ass. I knew the leggings would absorb it if I leaked too much. It felt like no damage was done and I rubbed a bit more to try and spread any pee that had built up in the material. I felt a quick wave of the pee spread and then a few droplets escape down my inner thighs. I let out a small exhale sound thing. Christ I needed to get back to my room now.

I came back to my senses and carried on hobbling through the snow. I checked the glove of the hand i had downstairs and from where I had been rubbing the snow had been removed. I couldn't tell if the glove had been made wet so though I thought I was safe. Literally no more than a few minutes later I was really desperate to go. As, lets face it, trying to become less desperate by letting some out doesn't work. But it was so nice and warm. Not that I had let lots of pee out but my god was I turned on at this point. I could feel the wet fabric between my thighs rub against my skin and I felt that the more I walked the more there would be a wet patch on the jeans at the crotch. It was the warmest part of my body.

I was so close to my street now. I was doing so well. I was still indescribably desperate.

I feel I should mention the time this all happened. I said earlier I left about 21:00ish, and lucky for me the Tesco is open until 23:00 every day. It was dark and the only light was from streetlights and I suppose the reflection of the light from the white snow. It was about 22:15 by the time I got back to my accommodation, or at least the turn off onto the street it;s on.

I was now dribbling. I physically couldn't hold any longer without agonising pain. I had lost, and with only about 2 minutes until I got to my room. The dribbled had turned into a bit of a torrent and all I could do was think, do I hide and let it go or keep walking and try and get to my room, overly hopeful at the fact I might make it. I couldn't move though. I whimpered and turned to make sure no one else was nearby. I did a weird leap thing over and into a pile of snow behind a bush and looked down as my jeans started to steam. I had never wet in public until this point. I was feeling so embarrassed and helpless. I felt childish and dirty. I almost started crying as i watched around to make saw no one could see me. Fuck. The pee streamed down my legs in waves of pure warmth. I felt the leggings stick to my skin and the jeans become damp as the roughness of them became slightly softer whilst they started to glisten with liquid. 

The faint patter of pee droplets in the snow felt as if they were 100x louder than they actually were. I could feel both pairs of socks becoming gradually soggier as the pee drenched my legs and carried o downwards. The pee continued to spread across my already saturated underwear and puddle at my ass. I could feel the puddle spread even more and then fall into my leggings and carry on down the back of my jeans. I wasn't concerned about damage really, and as much as I was scared and helpless I was in a world of pure fucking bliss. I crouched down into the snow. My ass fell straight through the untouched layer of snow behind me and I carried on peeing. Now my legs weren't getting as damp but the pressure of crouching pushed out what remained in my bladder. I couldn't touch it, I shouldn't. But I did. I put the same hand as I did earlier onto my crotch and gently pushed inwards with my middle finger. I felt the saturated material give way and my glove because damp and warmer.

I came back to my senses very quickly and everything rushed back into panic mode. I forced myself through the snow even more and ended up sitting down. I could see there was an obvious tint in the snow. I pulled the snow over my legs to... I don't know what. it seemed like the best way to hide the wetness but all it did was cool down the warmth of the pee and I sat there, feeling totally stupid, in the snow with ice cold wet jeans. Bollocks.

I stood myself up, still trying to overcome the mix of excitement and shame. I kicked some more fresh snow over the accident site and all of the yellow evidence was gone. I looked down and thanked Christ I put on black jeans. The pee stain was hardly noticeable and it being late helped a lot. The snow was sticking to me though but I hoped if anyone saw me it would only look like I'd fallen in it.

Still breathing heavily I made my way to the back end of the street where the accommodation is. A few lights on in bedrooms and kitchens but didn't look like there was too much movement. I thought I'd get away with this. Just one set of stairs and two corridors to go. I was safe walking in. I was safe on the stairs. I was safe through the social bit between corridors. I got into my corridor. I was outside my door. I fucking made it. If there was ever a feeling of relief more satisfying than the actual peeing, it was that right then: being behind my door after having had an actual accident, not being seen and not having been found out. I locked my door and pulled of my jacket, hat, scarf, and gloves. I pushed immediately. Whatever remained in my bladder came out and the rewetting lasted about 3 seconds.

I did what I needed to do to satisfy my needs and promptly removed the jeans and leggings. They had been made damp and cold from the snow as well and that felt more uncomfortable than I'd have liked. I may still be wearing the same underwear though be re-wrapped up in bed in my fleecy joggers. If you have seen my previous experiences you'll know I have my mattress protected so wearing wet clothes in bed isn't a bother.

But wow. This pair of underwear is being used well tonight I can assure you. I may even have put on the leggings and jeans again to pee through them once tonight. They definitely aren't sat in a pile on my bathroom floor feeling sorry for themselves waiting to be used again.

*008*2018-03-04 20:53

Thanks all for the nice comments :)

I'm starting to build confidence the more I write on here and thought writing an account of something that had recently happened would be nice

