OmoRoller V1

Author: outdoorsy

*000*2021-03-23 19:31

Hey Everyone,

I am happy to present to you: Omoroller V1.0!

Simply screenshot the gif to play!

WARNING: The gif cycles really fast, so, if you are prone to seizures, you should not open the gif.

Feedback, new challenges, stories, and experiences welcome!

I'm about to start a hold myself...

CONTINUE SCROLLING TO SEE THE GIF - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

CONTINUE SCROLLING TO SEE THE GIF - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

CONTINUE SCROLLING TO SEE THE GIF - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

CONTINUE SCROLLING TO SEE THE GIF - YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

|

|

|

|

|

|

|

|

|

|

$$

*002*2021-03-23 19:41

{{2 minutes ago, CanbeWonders said:

Took me a second to understand the premise. But I am intrigued. Nice little game.

}}

Thank you! I need to flesh it out some more and playtest it. Waiting for 15 minutes was only really put in there when the challenge was "hard".

I wanted to make something that anyone can play even on mobile or PC, without downloading anything, and here we are!

*004*2021-03-24 14:49

Just had a great idea, I'm going to crowdsource this game and see if the omo community would like to create their own "tiles" which then get incorporated into next version. Could be a cool community project! Template coming very soon. Community tile authors can include their screen name on their tiles, so we know who to curse when we land on their challenge!

Hopefully this takes off and can become a fun forum game or tool to bring some randomness and excitement to a hold. Please let me know what you all think! My maiden voyage with the OmoRoller got interrupted by work so I am hoping to give it an honest test later this week. I'm very excited to hear any and all experiences from using this!!

Already I know that I need more tiles and to make them cycle in a more random fashion. For now, close your eyes when taking the screenshot to keep yourself more honest as you can snipe a "win" tile depending on your rhythm and speed with the PrntScrn key, LOL.

*006*2021-03-25 16:11

I made up some templates - anyone with Paint or Paint.Net (my favorite, free), or any other image editor should be able to make/submit tiles for the next version now!

I have made some rarity symbols now in the upper corner, which is basically a difficulty ranking.

Looking forward to seeing if we can get this rolling and have a community game eventually. I don't have web chops but if Bisonwin or someone else who does and wants a side-project like this is interested, let's get a concept started. Even some .bin file to take a folder of images and go through each one giving a unique randomized filename would be so helpful in improving the random nature of the gif next time.

$$

$$

$$

$$$$

