A dare turns into an accident

Author: StubbornBunny

*000*2021-05-04 23:20

IMG_0433 (3).MOV

Today i was feeling naughty and wanted to do a hold/wetting outside. I was speaking to a member on here which we've done alot of holding and wetting challenges together and i asked where should i hold/wet. He suggested that i have a 'leak' in a petrol station while buying something! i thought this was a great idea and would be a first for me, wetting in front of someone. Well, it didn't really go to plan...

As i arrived at the petrol station, i was dying to let go after drinking alot over the course of a few hours. my heart was pounding thinking of even doing it! I built up enough courage to finally get out my car and go for it. Here in the UK after a certain time, they won't let anyone in the petrol station late at night. I went up to the window and asked for a bottle of water and some beers. When she went to get the items, i relaxed my bladder and instantly felt a growing wet patch flood my jeans. My heart was racing. I let go for about 2 seconds and tried to stop but couldn't. It kept pouring out showing a massive visable wet spot. I some how managed to gain control and stop peeing. She came back with my items, i paid and quickly walked back to my car trying not to raise any alarms that i had just pissed myself right at the window. (Come to think of it, I'm lucky no one pulled in to put fuel in! That would have made things very interesting)

It was such a rush and i loved it. One of the most scariest yet exciting things i've done! I took a short video as i paniced when i couldn't stop and also a after picture! Hope you enjoy

$$

*005*2021-05-06 19:45

{{2 minutes ago, Frank123 said:

That's really hot! I'm glad you decided to video it. I love how you couldn't stop.

}}

Thank you! It was a real challenge to stop

{{50 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

So glad you did it!!!

}}

Always great doing challenges/holds with you

