A soaking wet day in secondary school

Author: Npee3

*000*2018-06-16 21:54

I was 14 at the time and in my ninth year of school. Our class was on this camp for one week and we would learn about the coast of Norway and life there. One day we were going on a boat trip to an Island not to far from camp. It was unfortunate that it was this particular day as it was raining heavy and wad pretty strong wind.

We were supposed to be fishing on the boat, but because of the weather we couldn't. Therefore we just dragged up some nets or whatever you call those rope things you catch fish with. We got one fish from the net.

Since it was raining so heavy and the wind was strong I was completley soaled before we even reached the island. It was freezing cold, and it didn't help that I had to pee either. The boat ride took a few hours and during that time my need to pee was slowly growing.

Once we got the island I had to pee pretty badly. Probably about 6/10, so it was pretty serious. I didn't want to piss myself either as I would just get even wetter and colder.

While on the island the instructor/fisherman somehow got fire on a campfire in this bad weather. This ment that we had to stay on the Island even longer as he was going to cut up and steak the fish we had caught.

I was just going around squirming and talking casually to my classmates trying to hide my need. I did see one of my friends standing pretty chilled out with his legs kinda spread, it really looked like he was taking a good piss. I sort of wanted to do so myself, but I didn't want my clothes to smell piss, as well as become even colder due to getting more soaked.

When the guy was finally done steaking the fish and had given us pieces of it to eat we could return to the boat and go back to camp. I was at a solid 8/10 by this time and wasn't sure I could hold it all the way back to camp for so making it to the toilet. I waw still determent on trying though.

We had to carry lots of equipment back to the boat, and that wasn't helping my needs at all. Me carrying stuff ment I couldn't hold myself frequently and it would lead to disaster.

Once I got to the boat with the stuff I had to wait for the boat get untied and for people to board. During that time my despetation level had risen drasticly and I was having a hard time holding it in. I didn't want to show my need to my classmates or my teachers as it was surely cold for all of them and they wanted to return to camp. Therefore I stood there trying to hold it in but failing and suddenly, I let go for a litte while letting the warmth of the pee spread all over my legs and clothes. I didn't finish completley though as it was my turn to board the boat. I was no longer despetate though I could still feel the need to go. I was lucky I was so wet allready nobody could see me pissing.

I successfully held in the pee all the way back to shore, but when I stood up to leave the boat I felt desperate once again, though not as serious as it was on the Island. We now had to take equipment from the boat and in to a shack where they were stored. That went relatively good and I didn't leak. I now had the walk back to camp which also went great though not perfect as my despetation levels rose to 9/10.

When we got to camp me and my roommate headet for our room to take a showet and change clothes. She beat me and captured the bathroom before me, and that was not good as I had to hold my pee until she was done. I found all my stuff and squirmed for about 10-15 minutes hoping she would finish soon.

When she finally got out I rushed in to the bathroom and instantly let go, almost making it down on the toilet. I peed for a good minute completley emptiing my bladder, and then I took a good and warm shower, put on dry, clean clothes and simply went on with the day as nothing had happened...

*004*2018-06-17 20:55

{{5 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

I really enjoyed this sooty. It was well written and very easy to imagine what was going on. Sounds like quite a lot of fun.

So it seems as if you started peeing involuntarily, but voluntarily decided to let yourself keep peeing until you had to board the boat. Is this correct, or could you explain a little further?

}}

I lost control but didn't try to regain it as the feeling of relief was so good.

