Halloween Desperation

Author: Aloe

*000*2019-11-05 01:10

Hey guys,

Last Halloween was eventful, and this Halloween was even more so. It was like, sensory overload. Not just with all of the events that I went to, which were exciting enough in and of themselves, but also the desperation sightings, which there were many. Very many. Some of which were very intense; there were even a few ladies that definitely needed to poop, which I’ve never seen at a bar or club before.

I thought that I might see a few desperate ladies while I was out, but it definitely wasn’t something on the forefront of my mind. For some reason, it was everywhere this past weekend, and I have more than a few sightings to share with you guys. There’s a lot of them, so I won’t be posting them all at once. For the two poop desperation sightings I had, which were incredible, I’ll definitely mark it for those that want to skip it. For now, here is your first sighting:

###

I went out over a 2- day period. I went out on Halloween, and the night after, since there were still a few events going on that night. I had a sick ass costume. I ended up going as a detective, and people actually thought that I was a cop. They were like, “have a good night Officer,” and asking me for directions. Little things here and there, everyone walked in a bubble around me, it was pretty funny!

At the first club I went to, this actually lead to my first sighting. I was standing in the “lobby” area of the club, away from all of the noise and the dance floor. I needed to make a phone call, but it was still too loud, so I just stood there texting. The bathroom was in the corner, and there was a line starting to form, leading out into the lobby, and it eventually stretched over to where I was standing.

Naturally, this raised an eyebrow for me. I’m not omo- minded 24/7, but anytime I see a long ladies line, I can’t help but take some interest. There were some very pretty ladies in line, but only one seemed squirmy. She was excessively squirmy actually, her restlessness was definitely driven by a full bladder. She was stepping from foot to foot, and had one of her fists clenched. She crossed her legs and rocked too and fro. Not vivaciously, but just enough for the trained eye to know that she had to pee, uncomfortably so. She also looked a little unsteady on her feet, she probably had a lot to drink.

She was about 10 feet away from me or so, as I subtly checked her out. She looked Hispanic, 5’4”, with respectable curves, dressed in a devil costume (ironically). She was pretty cute. But as I eyed her from close by, she suddenly turns to me, legs still crossed, and smiled a sultry smile. I felt myself blush a little, having been caught checking her out. I was feeling pretty confident though, so I smiled at her back.

”Hi there,” I mouthed over the loud music.

She gave me a cute wave, and tried to mouth something. I mouthed back that I couldn’t hear her. In response, she stepped out of line, with quite a few ladies waiting behind her. I noticed this but said nothing.

”I said I like your costume,” she said, “are you actually a cop? You look like one!”

”You like a man in uniform huh?” I teased, as she crossed her legs again, this desperate woman now face to face with me, squirming subtly.

”Of course I do! Cops are badass! Are you a cop? Or the military?”

”No, but I did a ride along once!”

We continued talking. Her name was “Bianca,” so we’ll call her, and she’s an orthodontist. Honestly, a very interesting person! Over the course of 5 minutes, she started cozying up to me, and at one point, she grabbed my hand, and put it around the small of her back. She had definitely been drinking. I was pretty buzzed too, but as much as I was enjoying her company, I was definitely not on the same level she was, and I could tell she wanted something I wasn’t comfortable enough to give her.

”Who are you here with? Where are you friends? Why aren’t they waiting with you?”

”Oh they went to get me a drink while I waited in line!”

”You probably should’ve stayed in line! Look how long it is now!” I said, pointing to the line.

”Oh my gosh I know, I have to pee so bad!” She giggled, and did an exaggerated pee dance. She stepped in place and clenched her fists at her sides, hunching over with a desperate but humorous smile on her face.

”You should get back in line before you make a scene!” I teased, looking at her squirming legs.

”How would I make a scene?” She asked dumbly.

”Well if you wait any longer your going to have to pee even more.”

”Oh my god I knoowwwww!” She giggled, bouncing up and down. “Wait in line with me!”

We got in line together, and now she was actively stepping back and forth, first little steps, then larger steps. We flirted back and forth, and occasionally she would cross her legs and lean on me when I made her laugh. I was incredibly aroused, but I knew I shouldn’t do anything.

After awhile she moaned and crossed her legs, and grabbed the cuffs of her daisy dukes. She was clearly desperate. It would’ve been obvious to anyone. Her butt wiggled around as she squirmed, and I couldn’t help but stare as she turned to look for her friends, legs crossed and bouncing lightly in place.

Shortly after that, her friends came back with drinks, each one of them with a varying level of sobriety. They were super rowdy, and one of them was immediately confrontational with me. She asked me why I was in the ladies line, and of course, I told her that her friend Bianca asked me to keep her company. The sober friend defused the situation, and I politely introduced myself. Also a very nice woman, very pretty too. She thanked me for staying with Bianca, she didn’t know how drunk Bianca was going to get.

By then, I was trying to head back to my group. They had been waiting for me, and they were starting to text me asking where I was at.

“Bianca I gotta head back to my group. Lemme get your number real quick!”

She gave me a dopey smile, and she pee danced back and forth, one foot in front of the other, as she gave my her number, and we exchanged each other's Instagrams. She tightly crossed her legs and smiled as I entered my information into her phone.

”Have a good night Officer Alex,” She drunkly giggled. I laughed, told her to stay out of trouble, and rejoined my group. I didn’t see her again the rest of the night.

*003*2019-11-12 04:58

{{22 hours ago, etechie said:

Very Nice, that was pretty cool to witness. Did you ever get back in contact with her?

}}

{{18 hours ago, pontiac450 said:

I hope you called her. Don't want to leave her hanging!

}}

I did actually! We texted back and forth for a little bit. I teased her about her pee dance, we had a funny (and surprisingly long) conversation about it. She’s pretty cool, but she’s pretty far from my area. She’s a frequent visitor though, so you never know!

*005*2019-11-12 21:00

{{18 minutes ago, Ranpalan said:

Nice! Thanks for promising warnings on the poop sections, much appreciated.

}}

Of course! I’ll probably post that towards the end of this thread, since I’ve got enough of that material floating around here

*007*2019-11-16 02:04

{{1 hour ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

Halloween is long over, but I'm still hoping for continuations here.

}}

There will be. It’s been a busy few weeks, I’ll be posting before the weekend is over!

*008*2019-11-21 05:15

Three more sightings happened in the exact same club. This time, I was hyper aware of that very same bathroom line. Every time I passed it, presumably to head to the bar in that particular part of the club, I couldn’t help but scan the line for pairs of squirming legs and restless fidgeting. For some reason, all of the ladies are avoiding the bathroom on the other end of the club. Granted, there was a dance floor of crowded people blocking the way, but from my perspective, it might have been worth the trip. Instead, most of the ladies chose to brave the constantly lengthening bathroom line in the foyer. There were a number of uncomfortable, and mildly fidgety women, but 3 women in particular were unable to maintain their composure.

The first girl was probably the most intense and most obvious. She was a slim, fair skinned girl, with straight, brunette hair. She was going for a gothic look I believe; she was wearing fishnets, a skirt, and a crop- top. Everything she wore was black. She looked pretty cute, but not really my type. She drew my eye when I saw her bouncing up and down in line. She had a very tense look on her face. She was biting her lip, and looking towards the front of the line, with one leg constantly jiggling up and down, shaking erratically. She was definitely on the verge of openly squirming, anyone that looked at her could already tell she was getting impatient, and it was increasingly obvious that it was due to her steadily filling bladder.

Fast forward about 5 minutes, and she was definitely starting to look desperate. She was now constantly standing with her legs crossed, rocking to and fro. She would cross her legs, and then uncross them, then cross them again. Her legs were firmly pressed together, and she continued to jiggle her leg back and forth. Incredulously, she stuck her hand in between her legs, in the middle of the line, and no one seemed to notice or say anything. Maybe they didn’t want to say anything, or maybe they didn’t care. But it was pretty obvious looking at her that her bladder was full, she was desperate, and she was willing to hold herself to stop from peeing.

She squeezed her hands in between her legs, and crossed them tightly, hunched over and looking pained. She was almost at the front of the line. There’s a large full body mirror though, in between the men’s and the women’s bathroom, there for checking yourself out (haha), so even after the line turned the corner and she was out of view, there was a full body view of her desperation, on full display. The only thing is, she didn’t know it though. She had been holding back apparently, because as soon as she thought she was out of view, she began stepping up and down, blowing out forcefully as she struggled to wait, her hands still pressed over her skirt, and her fingers very clearly pressing up into her skirt. My jaw dropped, and I almost couldn’t tear my eyes away.

But tear my eyes away I did. She looked truly desperate, and I began to feel guilty for enjoying it so much. It was at this point that I went to go get my drink, hoping to return to my group. I didn’t want to overstay my welcome while getting my drink, and the night was still young. I could always come back to get another drink later in the evening, which I did. There were still a few more desperate ladies there that night.

*010*2019-11-26 23:34

{{3 minutes ago, Selena Luna said:

Wonderful stories and very good, descriptive writing! I also, as a woman, really appreciate you including the bits about not wanting to be a creepy guy about it. It's unavoidable that we will run into our kink in public. I also have a hard time enjoying it when it's a real person not enjoying it.

}}

Thank you very much, I appreciate your feedback! It’s honestly always in the back of my mind. On one hand, it’s something I’m attracted to, so naturally it catches my eye. On the other hand, I don’t want to just stare; that would be weird no matter what you’re into I usually try to make light of it, if I’m ever actually talking to someone that has to go.

*011*2019-12-20 22:04

Hey guys,

Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone, first of all! I am well aware that we are very far removed from a time when these sightings would have been more relevant. But, I would like to share the rest of them in conjunction with some of my more recent works and sightings. I’m gonna try and wrap these up by this weekend before it gets too ridiculous

The second girl was definitely and intense, whirlwind sighting. She was tall, brunette, and seemed drunk off her ass if you ask me. She was super loud, and super rowdy. Her friends were trying to calm her down, but she wasn’t having any of it. She was very vocal about her need to pee, even though she wasn’t really pee dancing all that much. She loudly exclaimed, “fuck I have to pee!” And then marched into the men’s room! I could hear her shouting at someone in the stall to let her in, and that she was going to pee on the floor if the guy didn’t get out! Naturally, all of her friends were embarrassed, and everyone else, myself included, was snickering at her rowdy and chaotic behavior. She was out of control, and one of the bouncers there came in and pulled her out. At that point, she was escorted to the front of the line.

The third and final girl at this bar was incredibly curvaceous. I saw her while waiting for my friends to meet me in the atrium area, we were trying to re-group and leave, but one of the ladies was having some boyfriend trouble. Naturally I wanted nothing to do with that, so I waited while they sorted everything out. That’s when I noticed the last girl. She looked Irish to me, but she was dressed as an angel. Basically, she was wearing fishnets, and bra, and like, that was it. Pretty busty, and a beautiful butt, she even had some abs. She looked like a voluptuous Victoria’s Secret model. Literally. Her costume left very little to the imagination. 

I totally wanted to talk to her, but it was one of those things where she was just so damn attractive it was intimidating? Lol. But also, she was in the women’s bathroom line, and seemed pretty unapproachable at this time. She had a pretty stern look on her, like she was intently focused on something very important. Like, not peeing herself in line, for instance. It was pretty clear that she was desperate after looking at her for a minute. She had these sexy black stilettos on, and I could she her ever so slightly stepping from foot to foot. Her hands were folded in front of her. She was clearly trying to maintain composure, but it was definitely a long line, and she was only halfway. She’d most likely been feeling the fullness of her bladder far earlier than this. She seemed sober, and very tense.

The line moved pretty fast this time around, and she was about ¾ of the way to the front when she started squirming. She raised her thigh up to her waist, and then lowered it. A few more seconds and she did the same with her other leg. She was beginning to show some serious signs of restlessness, her hands still clasped together in front of her, but her legs fidgety subtly but steadily to and fro.

She stepped right in front of the full body mirror, almost at the front of the line once again. Now there was a view from the front as well, and I could once again see the rising tension on her face. She was bouncing slightly up and down, staring at herself in the mirror, partly probably to check herself out, but she also had a look of complete and total seriousness in her eyes. She blew through her teeth and bent slightly at the waist, and the strongly crossed her legs, and swayed her back and forth, still facing the mirror.

In a seeming effort to maintain the privacy of her conversation with her equally hot friend, she turned around and continued her conversation with her friend in a hushed whisper, her friend suddenly looking a little worried as the blonde subtly squirmed in place. What’s more, she was gathering a larger audience than she had before, now that her gorgeous ass was bouncing in front of a full body mirror. By turning around, she unknowingly gave the whole area a view of not only her amazing body, but her increasingly obvious need for the bathroom. I blushed madly, never expecting a show like this, and also knowing that if no one but me had noticed her before, they definitely noticed her now.

She began to do a very obvious pee dance. Her butt wobbled from right to left as she swayed from side to side, her hands seemingly folded in front of her, still refusing to turn around. She was stepping in place, her heels making an audible click in the bathroom queue, all with her butt facing a full body mirror. She raised her thigh to her waist, and then raised the other. She did several successful high knees, before crossing her legs, and stepping left to right with her fists clenched at her side, her show on full display.

Her friend, and several other ladies in line, looked concerned. Some men in the adjacent queue also looked concerned; others tried and failed not to stare with mixture of lust and fascination. Even though this was incredibly exciting to see, I felt sorry for her. Luckily, one of the women let her cut in line, and she moved all the way up to the front, thankfully avoiding further public desperation. She came back out looking very relieved, and made a beeline back in to the club. Personally, I’m glad she made it!

*013*2020-01-13 19:00

The last few sightings I had were actually a few days after Halloween. It was the following weekend, and seeing as Halloween was on a weekday, there was still lots of time for fun that weekend. My friends and I had signed up to go to a musical event in my city, that happens at least once a month. Its held in a decent sized venue, but let me tell you, they fill that club to the BRIM. The line to get in stretches all the way down the block, and it starts forming early in the afternoon. The wait is so long, that food vendors set up shop next to the line, and serve everyone street hot dogs and street tacos while we all wait. We have catering.

But that’s not even the best part. The best part is, the doors to the venue don’t even open until the evening, around 7pm. Even then, when the venue actually opens, they don’t actually open the doors to the club itself until 7:30-8pm; only the outdoor foyeur is open.

And there are no bathrooms out there.

So now you have a situation where people have been waiting in line for hours to get a good spot, and as the doors begin to open, most people want to just wait it out and use the bathrooms on the inside of the building. The problem is, the upper floor is closed in the beginning of the night, leaving everyone to use the bathrooms on the bottom floor. For the men, this is no problem- we move pretty fast. But for the ladies, it can get pretty wild. In fact, the line stretches all the way across the room essentially cutting the room in half.

As you can imagine, there were some very desperate ladies there. This story is about them.

___

I was with a mixed group, this evening. One of the girls that was with us, we’ll call her Ally, I have a very long history with. We’ve known each other for years, were together for awhile, and we’re still very close. It’s complicated. Anyway, she’s still very hot. She’s short, about 5’4”, fair skinned Latina, with fluffy, curly brown hair that goes down to her mid back. She has soft brown eyes, and a perfect smile. She has a modest bust, but thick, muscley thighs from years of dancing, sexy hips, and a plump, globulous ass that can stop traffic. She’s the bomb.

And she also had to pee, and it was freakin sexy. I’ve seen her need to pee before, but she has a weak bladder, and more specifically, an anxious bladder. When she has to pee, she usually pees right away. I’d done a good job of distracting her in the past, and got to see some sexy squirming while we talked with friends. She likes to step from side to side, front to back, kind of like a stutter step. She bends her knees and presses her thighs inward, raising one leg to apply pressure to her crotch. Stuff like that.

This time was no different. Ally was looking restless as we all entered the foyer, pressing her thick thighs into each other, subtly, by raising one leg slightly and standing, pushing off from her toes and jiggling her leg, which in turn jiggled her sexy ass. She wore a tight pencil skirt and a cute little blouse, and I was practically drooling.

Fast forward to the actual entry to the club, and she was definitely desperate by now. She was stepping from one foot to the other, crossing her legs, trying not to make a scene as she saw the massive line that had formed upon our entry.

“Oh god, I have to pee.” She moaned, bending at the waist and pressing her hands over the front of her skirt.

“You better get in line before you have to go in a cup!” (An inside joke, and a story for another time)

“Ewww no!” She giggled, crossing her legs as the music boomed. “I’m going to the one upstairs!”

She walked off, attempting to locate the supposedly accessible bathroom. I told her I was getting in line at the bar and asked if she wanted anything. She ordered some sort of rum drink, I can’t remember. But I got in line, ordered drinks, and no sooner did I get in line did she come back.

“They have the upstairs area roped off.” She said with the cutest little pouty face, legs firmly crossed and tensed.

“Why??”

“I have no idea. And I still have to peeee.” She did this sexy little curtsy, bending at the knees and waist and bouncing slightly with her hands on her thighs. I could see a visible bladder bulge underneath her tight skirt. I know it was a bladder bulge because she lower tummy never juts out like that unless she has to pee. Like I said, we know each other very well.

“Well when you finish your drink, you can use the cup to pee in.” I said teasingly.

“Gross! If you keep saying that I’ll make you hold the cup!”

“Sure, I’m down.” I said with a wink and a goofy smile. She rolled her eyes and gave me a silly smile in return. This would be a good time to mention that we dated long enough for her to know some of my “affinities.” Not definitively; she never directly asked me, and I never directly answered her. But there was enough subtext there that she definitely has an idea of what I’m into. She even humored me a few times, tongue in cheek of course.

“Well if that’s not an option, what do you want to do?”

“Wait with me in line? It’s going to be a long wait and I don’t want to wait by myself!’

Nice. I was excited about this. Ally was already desperate, but it didn’t look like she had any other option at this point except to hold it and squirm in line. In my opinion, that’s a pretty reasonable option.

So we waited. We chatted in line about how our weeks were, what we did, what we were going to do, how was work, all that fun stuff. She squirmed slightly at first, not entirely obvious to someone who didn’t have a pee fetish, but pretty clear to myself. She would rub her thighs together, lightly squirming in place. Her hips swayed from side to side, slowly, like a pendulum. She would cross her legs one way, and then the other way after about a minute. We were talking the entire time, but she definitely had to pee. She would occasionally bring up how long the line was, and how bad she had to pee, but I think that the fact she was in line was actually helping her hold it, rather than making it worse. I don’t think she has latchkey syndrome, or at least not that I’ve ever seen.

A little more than halfway there, she started doing a little pee dance. This one was definitely more noticeable, even to the untrained eye. She was stepping in place, one foot to the other. No high knees or anything, no crotch grabbing, but she definitely had to go. I heard her hiss through her teeth a few times as she bobbed on the spot.

“Damn, I have to go.” She moaned, bent over slightly at the waist and crossing her legs. She started stepping side to side, trying to be conspicuous, but definitely looked anxious.

“Is there anywhere else you can go?”

“No, the upstairs is still off limits. Ugh…”

“Come on Ally, you got this.”

“I know, but damn I really have to pee.” She whined, sliding her legs back and forth past each other rapidly, before regaining composure.

She was really starting to look uncomfortable, and it wouldn’t be long before she was full on pee dancing, crossing her legs, bobbing on the spot, squirming and wriggling around, making a spectacle of herself. I was internally drooling, but I also felt the anxiety that was resonating from her, and as much as I wanted to watch her soak herself and leave a puddle on the floor, I definitely didn’t want to see it like this.

Thankfully, by this point, she was close to the front. The woman’s bathroom enters into an L- shaped hallway, leading into the womens’ restroom. This was where I had to leave her to fend for herself.

“Good luck,” I said coyly, “I’ll wait for you here!”

“You better, I don’t want to get lost in here!”

It went went something like that anyway. But slowly, her squirming, sexy legs and plump ass disappeared from view. As she entered into the hallway, perhaps with the illusion of privacy, she began to truly pee dance. She folded her hands tight together in front of her and began to step too and fro, bouncing up and down, and at one point she lifted her leg up to her waist and attempted to cross her legs from there, holding the wall for support as she bent over in desperation.

From there, she disappeared from view, and came back looking very relieved. But that was only one of several other desperate women there that night. It was quite a spectacle to turn around from there, and see a host of desperate ladies, some far more obvious than those.

