Beer pong disaster

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2016-09-13 02:28

Saturday was one of the best nights I've had in a while. I played basketball with a lot of friends, had a grill out, watched American Football, and finished the night with beer pong. There was about 14 of us just having a great day. 8 guys and 6 girls. I haven't experience any form of omo recently, well I'm not looking but that's besides the point. Anyways you don't care so I'm just going to get into the story so enjoy!

Work has been kinda rough lately so me and a bunch of the guys decided to get together and just loosen up and have a good time . We all met up played some basketball ate out and then went to my fiend Juan's house for beer pong. It was about 2000 and my friend John's wife Stef was talking mad shit saying she'd kill everyone in beer pong. OK Steff is about 5'6 Philippino and has the body of a model. She's like a sister to me and I consider her family but she did something so perfect yesterday that I had to share this story.

We all got together at Juan's house and started playing beer pong. As someone who doesn't drink I just watched and besides I was the DD for my two friends. Let me tell ya that they were drinking a lot! After a bit Steff was bouncing up and down and I was like Steff you need to go to the bathroom? She said she would go after she finished this round (just started). Anyways midway through the game and she says fuck and bends down and just starts pissing herself. To make things work she tried to grab one of the empay shot glasses which completely over filled in seconds and then she grabbed another! She filled up 4 shot glasses with pee and the rest ended up around her. Everyone just kinda stood there not knowing what to say when she started crying and John asked me to take them home.

I drove them home and they were both passed out in the back. About 45 minutes later I wake them up and Steff just runs out of the car into the bathroom and just starts throwing up everything in her system. John was too fucked up to do anything so I just told him to get some sleep and I'll take care of her. Now before I continue, she's my best friends wife and like a sister to me. I had no intention of doing anything but help her out. So when she's done throwing up we go to her room where John is already passed out and I helped her get undressed and put some fresh clothes on. (She was unable to do it herself and I was not looking at anything the entire time).

So we finally get her dressed after about 5 minutes when she runs to the bathroom again but this time while she's throwing up she pisses herself again and doesn't even notice! I ended up taking care of her throughout the night but she wet herself a total of 4 times that night. Once when playing the game, 2 times while throwing up, and the fourth time was in bed with her husband. Needless to say she doesn't remember anything but after she wet herself the second time I just had her stay in her clothes the rest of the time because she was unable to get dressed by herself and even with me helping it took too long and I was done. I informed John of everything and he wasn't mad at me but we agreed she is never getting that drunk again. Anyways I hope you enjoy the story because this was a night I will never forget.

*002*2016-09-14 02:05

{{8 hours ago, TheEnigmatic said:

Interesting experience. I have known a few girls get a little too drunk and lost bladder control, never that many times in one night. Thanks for sharing.

}}

She's petite and is always going to the bathroom. But when you throw up you are pushing a lot of shit out, so maybe in her drunken state she couldn't control her bladder

