Another bf wetting incident

Author: Mari90

*000*2011-08-07 06:56

Just a couple of weeks ago, I was driving my boyfriend home from the theatre when he started squirming around a bit in his seat. I asked if he was ok, and he said "I guess so..." But I knew there was something wrong. A few minutes later, I heard a small gasp, and he said "You have to stop somewhere, I can't hold it!" I searched around for about 5 minutes until I pulled over at a little cafe and he got out of the car and rushed in. He ran back out right away with tears in his eyes, and I asked what was wrong – apparently they told him the bathroom was for employees only. He got back into my car and I drove around for another 5 minutes, while he was leaning forward and back and holding himself desperately, and I stopped in front of a convenience store.

He sat there and I asked why he wasn't jumping out of the car right away, and he said he had to go so bad it was hurting and he could hardly move. I asked if he wanted me to help him out of the car, but before I could get up, he let out a small high-pitched sound and put his head in his hands...I asked if he was ok, and he just whispered "oh God honey, I'm wetting myself." I saw the small dark patch on the front of his jeans start to grow slowly and then spread across and completely soak down to the seat. He sat there, humiliated and in tears. I put my arm around him and said I would take him home. He apologized for wetting the seat, but I said it was ok – I would get it cleaned.

I drove him back home, which took about 30min, and along the way, he asked if he could go again since he was starting to feel the pressure building up a bit and he was already wet. So of course I said he could, and he let out a sigh of relief as another long spurt of pee came out and puddled in the seat again. I told him, "you know I don't mind when you do this – I already told you I like it." He said, "yes honey I know, but I still get so embarrassed when it happens in public." I told him I didn't think anyone saw, but he still gets nervous when it happens outside of home. Plus, this time it seemed like it was really an accident that he wasn't planning. When we got back to his house, it was dark, so he wasn't too worried about walking to his door soaking wet. I gave him a kiss and grabbed his cute wet butt, and told him he should take off those wet pants... ;)

*003*2011-08-10 08:46

He doesn't have a bladder problem, he just likes to hold it until the very last second...he told me he likes the way it feels to hold it as long as he possibly can. But that does get him into situations like this sometimes hehe. Most of the time when we're in public, he can make it to the bathroom. He usually has fun with it when we're alone though...and yes, I know it's usually the other way around as far as gender lol but he is a girly boy and I'm almost the "man" in the relationship (I'm not very manly at all hehe), but I love it ;)

*005*2011-08-12 05:07

{{ 

I'm jelly.

}}

I take it you liked my comment hehe :D

