Sarah's Diaries : The Best Ever

Author: jasonpa

*000*2016-06-09 23:29

I realise I only posted last week but I just have to tell everyone about tonight, it was incredible to best sighting I have ever witnessed and by my own wife.

The kids were at there grandparents as neither of us could get out of work by 4pm to pick them up.

I got home about 5.30 and began to cook the evening meal. The weather was lovely I opened the patio doors and set the table in the garden. I even put out a bottle of wine.

The meal was almost ready when I heard Sarah arrive.

“Dinner is almost ready” I shouted as she heady upstairs

“Should I serve it” I asked

“I'll'' do it I will be down in a minute” she replied

Sarah came into the kitchen still in her skirted work suit looking stunning as always as I headed to the garden with a bottle of chilled white wine, which I opened and sat waiting.

It was about 5 minutes later when Sarah came out carrying two plates with a towel.

She was halfway across the garden when she began to shout

“Take these quickly”

I looked up “Quickly!”

“Are they hot”

“Not really just grab them for god sake hurry up”

I put down my book to get the plates”

“For god sake get the bloody plates” she yelled

I reached out to for them expecting then to burn but to my surprise they were warm but not hot.

As soon as I had hold of them Sarah rammed the toilet up her skirt between her legs

“Noooooo” she wailed

Her face contorted her eyes closed not unlike when she orgasms (I have a good memory).

For a second or so the world seem to freeze and I genuinely wondered what was going on, but then I saw a little river-let of pee running down her left leg. Sarah was wetting herself right in front of my eyes.

It wasn't long before pee came gushing down both legs, wetting her shoes and creating a pool between her feet. I could not believe it, you see this in videos online but your own wife in your own garden what a sight.

Sarah froze in a semi squatting state looking at the pee splashing between her feet “Sh*t, sh*t, sh*t” she repeated. When the flow subsided she stood up and just starred at me for what seemed a minute but was probably no more than 5 seconds, pee still dripping from under her skirt.

She then turned and bolted inside and up the stairs.

The previous 2 minutes just kept going round and round in my head 'WOW''.

Having not appeared 15 minutes, I went upstairs with the idea of consoling her and hopefully getting her to open up. Firstly I thought it would help her and secondly selfishly really but it would just turn me on so much to hear her tell me all about her wetting her pants.

Instead I got and absolute ear bashing, Sarah who by now was in shorts and t-shirt went ballistic. Telling me it was all my fault, how I took so long to get the plates on purpose, how selfish I was etc. Non of which was actually true, but there was no reasoning with her.

She has gone to bed, I am in the spare room tonight.

I have attached a picture because of previous responses the picture is not of Sarah. However it shows you what she was wearing tonight and to be honest the person in the photograph has a very similar figure.

Yes I am a lucky man to have a wife in her 30 who looks and dresses like that and wets herself. I just hope she is exclusively mine.

$$

*004*2016-06-10 19:54

Sorry I should read what I typed. She rammed her hands up her skirt . You were correct

*005*2016-06-10 23:36

Firstly I had never really thought of Sarah as incontinent, rather just a little accident prone, but I guess thats technically what she is. Yes I want to help, it can't be easy and yes I would also love to hear her talk about her toilet habbits for me also. But we talk about so little she will not open up to me on what must be very embarrssing for her.

Even if i try to be conciderate and thoughful it will end in her shouting at me.

PS. Checked the laundry basket tonight two pairs of damp underwear have appeared since she got home

*008*2016-06-15 22:33

You may be right watchingherhold the whole thing has become an inigma to me. Is she really struggling for the toilet, is she holding on purpose. With regards to work maybe she has had an inicident she certainly would not tell me and if she did it by choice why did I catch her in incontinence pants at the wedding (see pervious episodes).

I am concerned both with her toilet issues and her potential affair but yes I will observe and report back. To see her wet though, what a turn on.

