Large mug of tea + Button-fly = First accident in a while

Author: themerger

*000*2016-11-07 21:49

I recently caught a draining, Autumn cold, prompting a trip to the store for some supplies. I had been drinking water and tea all evening, and prepared myself a final, large mug of 'Nightly Calm', in preparation for a sound sleep upon return. I left for the store after finishing my tea, at which point my bladder seriously felt empty- 30 minutes later, just home, I clamored to get out of the car to my bathroom!

At my front door- one of two actually (I live in a row-house apt).- I'm finagling my bags so that I can get keys from my pocket. In my feverish haze, I stick the wrong key into the first lock! Once I get through Door #1, I rush up the stairs to Door #2- bladder throbbing at this point. Luckily the bathroom is right near the front door, but in my frenzy I didn't think to drop my bags- but rather, take them with me into the bathroom.

This was my fatal mistake, as a bag full of tissue boxes (multi-pack's cheaper) bouncing against my leg made unfastening the three buttons of my fly SO much harder than it needed to be; I blame the fever!, and the belt I was wearing. At this point, my bladder assumed that I was close enough to the toilet to start peeing; a gushing stream flowed down my left leg as I got the final button unfastened, enabling me to direct the stream into the toilet. Of course, some light spray was inevitable, which I had to clean after I was completely relieved. The resulting stain on my pants (crotch to shin) marked what was the most sizable accident that I've had in years!

Luckily, one roommate was out and the other was hanging out in his room, allowing me to creep undetected to my room, and lay my pants out to dry.

