The ultimate shame experience

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-02-19 15:11

I think you might want to read this one from the fiction section first: Screwing it all up in front of my colleague - Fiction and fanfiction - OmoOrg (omorashi.org)

If that one is the movie, here goes the (much longer) “behind the scenes”-documentary. It´s a pretty personal and self ranting wetting experience, as I´m trying to get a grip on my fetish and the core of it. This happened a couple of mounths ago, but it took me some time to write about it.

“Ok, so I have this idea… I wanna sink deep down into the swamp of shame this time… in case you´re ok with that of course. This scenario is very much my thing. ” I said. I was on the phone with S, my boyfriend. A little bit nervous. I had something stuck in my head. A fantasy had grown upon me, and it had made me shiver with arousal the whole day.

His response when I had told him everything was “Ok… that´s interesting. Let´s do it”. When I hung up, rather than feeling thankful for how great and supporting my partner is, I thought “what the fuck, there must be something seriously wrong with this guy! How can he be ok with me being this freaky? “.

Our first role play had been a couple of mounths ago. (You´ll find it in the fiction section too if you´re interested) Me wetting myself on a date in the park, not saying anything, until he found out. That feeling when I knew I couldn´t hide it for much longer, and when it happened, when I got caught, that embarrassment, was such a powerful emotion. It grew even more afterwards and went on and on in my head. I knew already that shame and embarrassment was a big part of my fetish – never experienced a genuine accident myself, but thousands of times in my head. Any scenario you could think of has made me come for ages. Still I wasn´t really prepared for just how strong feelings it would evoke to “experience” it in this way, with my brain and body creating an almost real memory of it.

Next role play we did was a job interview where I was supposed to be desperate and lose control in front of my future boss…. This one was more playful, and mostly secretly planned by S. It turned out that my boss (kind of a creepy guy but damn hot) had some surprise for me. It seemed like I had accidently attached one of my wetting experiences from omoorg to my application e-mail.… AND some pictures of myself in wet pants too…S sure had some fun making up that idea.

Well, I was lucky enough to get the job anyway (because the boss apparently apprechiated those mistakes) , but despite all I had drunk I never even got desperate during the interview, so we failed about the whole wetting accident embarrassment point. Our play came to a nice laundry disaster ending anyway (first time trying my new plastic sheet), and was so much fun so it didn´t matter.

Still, stuck in my head, was the moment when he said “You made a mistake while sending that e-mail…”. That feeling again, of getting caught, making a mistake, triggered something in me. And soon after that my brain started spinning for a new role-play scenario. I didn´t want understanding and comfort this time. Nothing fun and playful. Just the feeling of a really big mistake.

We talked the scenario through several times before we both had a day off and an opportunity to set our plan to work. It was important for him to know what I wanted from this. What kind of relation would we have, what reactions did I want? Was it something I didn’t want him to say, or something that was important? I was surprised myself about how I could have such a clear plan, so certain about what I wanted, but trying to provoke “negative” emotions like this was still new to me, and I couldn´t be sure about how I would react to something with this level of intensity. We´d just have to try, and be prepared for whatever. S found the whole thing really interesting too.

We woke up at my place, but as I preferred not to do this in my neighbourhood, the plan was to go to a suitable place S knew about, close to where he lived. We were both excited. After a long nice morning and breakfast I made my last visit to the bathroom and kept loading myself with water. It soon started to fill my bladder. S saw me chugging pints, and asked me if I shouldn´t take it a little bit easier, since we were going to use public transport for quite some time, over an hour? But since I never seemed to get desperate enough, at least not yet around him, I kept on drinking.

We had our last kiss in the hallway, walked out and entered the game, no longer lovers, just colleagues with no sexual vibes between us, ready to head into town and out in the suburbs to complete an important deal at our clients place. What the deal was all about, we didn´t really have a clue about, and why we didn´t dress upp better… well, we must have been in some culturual, artistic business, to explain our laidback style. I had been thinking a lot about what jeans to wear. My favourite wetting jeans were the tight light grey ones, that showed even the smallest leak. But I had to take into account that I had no guarantee not to bump into people, so something more discrete that at least didn´t show off a wetting from miles away? The black ones that I wore on our first RP? No, they showed too little. The dark blue ones would be the best compromise. And the old worn out walking shoes that I had been keeping for something like this.

I was nicely aware of my fast filling bladder the whole journey with the commuter train. It was a good build up, as we had a friendly conversation about how great it would be to get this thing all over with, after all the work we been through, now with the vacations ahead of us… But I would disappoint us both before this day was over.

A funny thing was that my water bottle in the pocket of my jacket had started to leak. It had made a wet patch on my thigh that almost looked like another kind of accident. That wasn´t planned at all. I was rubbing it with my hand, and said it would probably have time to dry.

I knew the train conductor a little bit. She asked me where we were going when she was checking our tickets. I had lots of options for that answer. In character – “we´re on the way to a client, yeah, it´s my other job, but I have no idea what the fuck our company is doing, just that it´s a VERY important thing today”. No. Off character – “well, we´re just having a little kinky role-play here, that most likely will end up in some peed pants”. Hm, maybe not that either. I just pointed at my boyfriend and said :“ehm, were going to his place to… hang around a bit there…”. But I think she caught some of the tension, because she made some silly joke about us.

We changed to the bus. I knew S was now watching me, pressing my legs together as the bus went over a bump on the big bridge, and I knew that he probably enjoyed to see me starting to have a hard time (knowing how much I enjoyed it myself). I could now really feel the pressure, but yet no bladder spasms, so I didn´t feel like I was in a severe danger yet, at least not sitting down. But my concentrated silence was real. My colleague now knew that I would need the bathroom as soon as we arrived at the clients.

We got off the bus, and started walking along the big street. I didn´t know where we were going, just that it would be ten minutes from where S lives, and a place by some stairs with not much people around. But first we had a 20 minute walk ahead of us. After a while we turned into the smaller villa streets. I walked fast and could feel my bladder was too heavy for the holding muscles to take the pressure from the big steps when I had the first warm involuntary leak between my legs. It was with mixed feelings.

The natural instinct when it´s coming like that, when you´re suddenly losing control if only for half a second, is to panic a little bit. But now parts of me were just thinking “Yay! The timing is just right! It´s going to work this time!” I didn´t want to lose the game too early though, so I clenched and asked to slow down our walk. It kept coming a few times, out of my control, as we continued along the streets, but not too much. Soon it would be worse. I was nervous and full of anticipation, but at the same time feeling the worries of my character who did everything to stay dry in this important situation.

When S high-fived me, saying “Ok let´s go”, I felt he was also sending me a warm message off character. I loved him for that. He was with me in this. Ahead of us I saw the stairs he had been talking about. So this was the place? Was it really gonna happen? There was a playground nearby, and a family was there. But they were out of sight of the stairs. Nobody else around, all quiet. A dog walker could show up of course, but right now the coast was clear.

We stopped to message our clients that we were arriving. I knew now was the time. I hesitated only for one second, and then I started wetting. My body was more than happy about the decision, I really didn´t have to do more than relax a tiny bit, for it to start flowing in a constant stream. I was doing it… The feeling of making no resistance, just empty the full bladder in your pants in one go, letting it fill your shoes, it sure feels good… But the embarrassment and fear I felt was also real. My plan had been to clearly announce what was happening, but now I could hardly speak, and when I said “Shit, I can´t hold it” it came out as a low whisper.

I spoke up just a little bit, still with my head low. “I piss my pants”. There was no turning back now. S said “what the fuck” and jumped backwards, away from my growing puddle. It was all really dramatic. My bladder had been on the edge so over a liter must have gone through my pants. Nothing I could hide… I had failed. I had told him when he asked me a while ago that of course I could hold it, but I didn´t . And we had an appointment right now. It was the worst timing ever to have an accident.

So here I was, standing in a big puddle. I can assure you I didn´t have to act embarrassed. The shame I felt was real. And after some silence it was time for the awkward “so what do we do now”-talk, and a desperate phone call to our boss.

The faked call was an important part of the scenario, to nail the humiliation. To hear him saying it out load on the phone. “T has wet herself… no, I´m not joking”. Standing there with my wet pants, just listening to it. And like when you watch a movie you already know the ending of (well this time I had actually written the script myself) you still kind of hope for a solution, that everything will work out fine anyway… well it didn´t of course. The “boss” couldn´t fix anything, we could only try to call our clients on our own. My colleague asked me to do it.

Afterwards, one of the moments I would think about a lot was that one, when I was standing frozen, with the phone in my hand, unable to take actions. Just making everything worse, when I didn´t take any responsibility. My colleague had to step in and do the other phone call too. Strong emotions going on there. And of course it didn’t work out, we lost the whole deal when we couldn´t both be there in time. I had totally screwed it up for the whole company.

S did a great job. This unemphatic asshole I wanted him to be was so far from himself, and it was challenging, but he did it realistically, not overacting. I had no comfort from him. Not at all. He didn´t accept my excuse, he turned his back against me and sighed in frustration, and he told me to shut up when I didn´t know what to say.

We left my puddle and started walking up the stairs, continued on the streets across the hill, passing by all the fancy houses with my jeans now cold, wet, and heavy from all the pee. Not only was this an advanced role-play, it was also a daring public wetting. The huge accident in my pants was obvious, only the outside of my thighs were still dry. Anyone who would look at me would see it clearly.

We didn´t meet anyone until we walked down some other stairs with my boyfriend´s building in sight. There were a few people on the parking lots between the buildings we were going to pass by before we could get inside. I could feel myself raising my head, slightly changing my body language approach, from the “just had an embarrassing accident and want to disappear” to the more familiar to me, “just deliberately wet but if I act like everything is fine they may not notice”. A construction worker laid his eyes on us as we approached. Did he notice? He was still far away, but looking straight in our direction for a while. Twice.

We passed him, and the other people, to enter the building. If they saw something – well alright. Not the end of the world. Was I actually ok with it? And was it ok? For some reason it felt better now that I was with S. The thing we did was between us, those people were just a backdrop. I´m usually concerned of that thing about involving unconsenting strangers into your kink. I´m not proud of that part of my fetish. I sometimes wish I was one of you guys who only like to wet in the shower of your own private home. But this time it felt ok.

We went inside the long corridor to S´apartment. Here we had planned a possible B-part of the play, where S would act “himself” as the role of my boyfriend. To prolong the scenario, let me stay there a bit longer. And put some comfort in there. Some easing it up, laughing about it. Maybe make it sexy.

Since the first part of the scenario really had nothing of that. But I had been unsure about it, maybe the first part would be more than enough, so we had left it open wether we´d just skip this part B or not..

Now standing outside S´s door, I felt that I wanted to stay in character - all the emotions from the experience hadn´t kicked in yet, and now I didn’t want the gig to end. One more song.

“Let´s do the B part” I said. “Ok”, said S, he got in and closed the door, and I knocked on it.

The warm and smiling person meeting me now was very different from his other character. Once again I had to disappoint someone, this time a happy partner who wanted to celebrate the start of the weekend and my good work success. I didn´t reply when he asked me what was wrong, and he gave me some time before he noticed. To not soak the floor too much I took of my socks and then stepped in to the bathroom. Then he saw everything and I told him the story.

We both got insecure where we would go from there, but it ended up in a sexual way. I think I started talking about how this whole experience, as embarrassing as it was, had also turned me on a bit, and he was getting turned on as well, but in my head I was thinking “this is unrealistic bullshit”, I didn´t really believe in it.

So, here is an interesting thing – I realised, especially in reverse, that I didn´t want the B-part in the way I originally thought about it, and how we did it. I didn´t want to ease it up by being comforted and sexualize my wetting. I wanted the play to continue, but I still wanted just the pure shame of it. So to make this even more perfect, S, in his role as the boyfriend, would have been a little chocked and then he would have just joined me in my shame. He would have said things like “Oh god, how embarrassing, that must have been terrible! Did anyone else see you? How are you gonna get back to work on Monday?” And then we would have ended the play before we started to think about having sex. After that, of course, we would have our fun. I certainly was turned on like hell from the moment I sat on the train, and all the way through the role-play, but my character was not, and would never be.

I have the similar feeling when I read stories about accidents – if someone experiences a humilitating wetting in front of someone and that someone and/or the wetting person gets aroused by it and they end up having sex, it doesn´t really do it for me, because it takes away a bit of that pure shame I´m after. So in those cases, to be a perfectly arousing sexy experience I must take the sex out of it – isn´t that weird, a bit contradictionary?

Anyway, it was still very good, and we were turned on. After a great, long and intense time in the shower for both of us, a clean up, and change of clothes, I was lying exhausted in the sofa while S was making dinner. That’s when it all started to hit me for real, the whole thing looping itself in my head. I was high. In a way I never experienced before, a new feeling, and it felt fantastic, a complete satisfaction. S was smiling at me lying there so happy and relaxed. After dinner we went to bed, cuddling and talking about the experience for a long time. We were both happy that it had worked out so well, and curious about where it would take us, what other ideas it would spark.

He said, “you might wanna google subspace… and subdrop”. I did that afterwards. I don´t have much experience with BDSM, but those terms are used for the state of mind the sub sometimes experiences caused by the strong emotions and chemicals released in the brain, during the act of a sub-dom-play, and afterwards. You could say that subspace is the high, subdrop is the hang-over that sometimes follows. When I read someones description I could relate to it a lot, even if this was not an ordinary sub-dom-thing. I didn´t experience any subdrop though, just this feeling of satisfaction and my mind overwhelmed by something so intense, that stayed with me the whole day after.

So what is this? Why am I being so turned on by the fantasy of a humiliating and shameful thing like this? How can something so bad feel so damn good? I guess I´ll never find out, but I find it fascinating an interesting. And I know I´m not the only one to have this experience around shame / humiliation.

I´ve had the fascination for wetting since childhood, but I don´t know how it started. I don´t have any traumas or memories related to wetting that I need to cope with, I have a strong bladder and except from some minimal leaks I can´t recall any accidents after the age of 3. What I do remember though, is how I took it very hard as a kid when I did something wrong. I still have a hard time when I make mistakes or disappoint someone or find myself in an embarrassing situation. I usually deal with it by later bringing my awkward moments and shortcomings out in the open in creative ways, (in autobiographical stories, songs or comics ) making fun of myself. My attraction to shame, and the exhibitionistic parts of it, could be related to that. But why wetting? I really have no clue.

There´s so many things I like with omorashi and I experience a wide range of emotions – among them are the physical pleasures of holding till loss of control, the overwhelming euphoria of watching my partners pants darkening, the thrill and playful excitement of getting away with a public wetting. And then this thing with shame, that can´t be easily described. It´s not better than the other feelings, just intense in a different way, and I have the feeling that it´s some kind of core emotion of my fetish. I don´t understand it, but I don´t think it´s neccessary to understand everything either.

What I do know is that this experience still remains powerful and strong in my head, when I think about it. If we do something similar, letting me go down the same shameful path, I don’t think we can get it much “better” than we did this time, and we don’t need to. I´m feeling lucky that I get the chance to explore these things, that I can be so comfortable with someone.

If any of you have read this far and can relate to this stuff, I´d be happy to talk about it more.

*005*2021-02-20 23:17

{{On 2/19/2021 at 9:34 PM, PrincessPeeach said:

It’s fascinating to me how we all have this interest in common but different aspects of it appeal to each of us in different ways. I love hearing about that kind of stuff.

I’ve never thought humiliation would appeal to me, but to be honest I’ve never experienced it in the context of kink before. I wonder if It would spark something for me. I do love spanking in that way.....

Regardless thanks for sharing. I’ve definitely done the same as you in terms of trying to analyze why I’m so into this. I didn’t have accidents as a child either and I don’t recall anything that could explain it for me...the best I can figure is that it has something to do with power and control for me. And definitely a bit of exhibitionism.

}}

Thanks for sharing your thoughts!

I also find it interesting that a fetish that at first sight could look specific has so many aspects, and how it also can change over time what you´re into. One year ago I never would have thought about doing something like this, by then I wasn´t even sure how i would feel about inviting someone else in to my fetish. And when me and my partner first started talking about role plays I didn´t want humiliation and had no urge to do something this hardcore. It´s something that came gradually.

Control is a big part for me too I think. Both losing it and keeping it.

{{On 2/19/2021 at 9:54 PM, Marco said:

Very, very interesting!

}}

Thanks, I´m glad you liked it!

*006*2021-02-20 23:46

{{On 2/19/2021 at 11:44 PM, mr-mid-life said:

Definitely something I wrestle with too and I can't figure out why. Though somewhat differently. I believe enjoy the humiliation of gentle teasing. Giggling, pointing , name calling but in non-meanspirited sense. I've not yet had the occasion to try so I am not 100% sure what I'd like. But I don think I'd enjoy it.

Unlike you I did have 2 childhood accidents. Second grade and third grade. Both times I was too timid to ask for a bathroom pass. Definitely humiliating especially in front of so many girls. Also I think formative in my kink.

}}

I think I would enjoy that kind of humiliation you mention too. We´ve sometimes gone in that direction in our more playful, less "serious" scenarios, but it´s something to explore more.

Sorry to hear about your accidents, I hope you could get over it without too much pain. Were you teased by the other kids, and do you think that´s why you´re attracted to reactions like that?

*007*2021-02-20 23:53

{{17 hours ago, moiamigo said:

Very brave. Sounds like a rush! Thank you

}}

Thanks, it certainly was a rush! But also very focused, caught up in the scenario, so I was never really nervous about the public thing.

*009*2021-02-26 11:41

{{On 2/21/2021 at 1:46 AM, AquaVitae said:

A lot of this resonates with me, but from the dom perspective. I was kind of the opposite. My first instinct was always to play out the 'mean/laughing at you' type role. When past partners would play out the wetting in public damsel type role, I would be be pointing it out trying to bring more attention to it. And don't get me wrong, it was super fun, loved playing the asshole. But now looking back I wish I'd experimented more with the more nurturing type role.

}}

That´s interesting. I´m curious, when you planned those scenarios were the subs outright asking for those “mean” reactions from you or was it more on your initiative?

I´m not very much either dom or sub, but me and my partner have started to play a little with those dynamics. I think experimenting with different roles and not do the same every time is a big part of the fun.

{{On 2/21/2021 at 4:49 PM, mr-mid-life said:

Thank you. That's kind. Its been so long I can't say how long it took to fully recover. Having had that happened to me I guess from then on I always kinda felt lesser of myself. In my head I had wet my pants at an unacceptable age when most others hadn't. Was hard for me to reconcile. I was someone who had wet his pants. Couldn't be undone.

As a child however I'm sure I bounced back. There was some pretty brutal teasing the day it happened. Kids asking if I needed diapers. Telling me I wasn't ready for big boy pants. The "ew grosses" Etc. Luckily the teasing petered out over the next few months and I seemed to have a new slate after summer break.

The thought of that kind of teasing really really turns me on now. I dream of wetting my pants in the company of a woman who'd tease me but also enjoy it. I also think of the reverse as fun too.

Thinking further it seems kinda ironic and funny I would eventually want to pee my pants but then be unable to. Started about middle school ish age when home alone. I have even tried to have accidents but seem to only put myself in a great deal of pain and discomfort.

Kinda fun analyzing and reflecting! I'm really glad you posted your thoughts!

}}

Thanks for sharing, and I´m sad to hear that it affected your self image so much by then. But also interesting. The connection between those events and your will to experience it within a fetish situation seems very obvious in your case. And also, as you say, ironic that you later tried wetting your pants but couldn´t. That was really hard for me the first times too. The barrier was so strong and I recall myself standing in the bathroom, trying to jump up and down, pretend to cough, anything that could make me lose control. Finally I made it, but only very little. Let´s say I´ve practiced a lot since then, but it can still be hard to let go in some situations if I´m not desperate enough.

*013*2021-03-01 11:03

{{On 2/26/2021 at 5:19 PM, ifeelgood said:

I just wanted to say I like how much trust there is between you and your partner. Thumbs up

}}

Thanks! And I agree. We got something special there, and I don´t think I could have done this with someone else.

*014*2021-03-01 11:33

{{On 2/27/2021 at 11:08 PM, mr-mid-life said:

Edit lol. I sincerely hope my practice has not not not made my bladdet control worse. eek. unfortunate type-o lol

I usually proofread better.

}}

Yeah I was wondering if you had missed a word there or not. I know there are some people on this site who want to weaken their bladder control on purpose. Personally I sometimes wonder how it would be to have a genuine big accident, something that is unlikely to happen to me. But how would I feel, would it still turn me on? I might never find out, and that´s for the best I guess. When having a genuine accident I couldn´t chose the situation and it could be really bad. Having fantasies about it is better, and I like my bladder control.

*016*2021-07-01 21:26

As a follow-up on this scenario, I´ve had another account with my arrogant “colleague” and I thought I´d share the experience.

It´s been half a year since the first experience, but it has remained very strong and emotional to me. We have talked about doing something similar or a follow-up but never really got there.

When we planned our kinky schedule for the vacations last mounth I came up with the idea of another role-play, taking place in time a couple of days after the first one, and this time I would, for the first time after my accident, go back to work filled with anxiety, and in a room filled with people who knew how I fucked it up, I would be confronted with verbal humiliation from the colleague who had witnessed everything (and also had some manager position it seems).

I´ve noticed a couple of times lately how I like it when my partners says something related to wetting that someone could possibly overhear, even if I don´t think they do. Of course we wouldn´t want anyone to overhear this whole conversation, that could make people uncomfortable and we might even get in trouble if someone felt they needed to intervene. But just doing it in a public setting would be hot, so we chose a restaurant that could work as a canteen.

But first, to get back in the mood, we started in our room as bf/gf getting ready for work in the morning. Good thing about playing is you don´t have to stick to the old story, you could just change it whenever. So now we decided that I had never told my boyfriend what had actually happened when I screwed up our company deal. I was just being down and moody, lying there staring at the ceiling when he came out of the shower. Now he tried to drag out of me what this was all about and after a while I told him the whole embarrassing story in detail. It worked good as a build-up for my appointment.

I went to the restaurant on my own, acted very tense at the bar, or in fact I didn´t have to act, I felt really awkward and nervous for real. I ordered some soda water, picked a table, then moved to another one, then back to the first one again. The setting here was perfect, not totally crowded but with a a constant buzz of voices.

My colleague had me wait in agony. I was sitting there alone at my table, looking around , as if wondering how many of these people knew about my accident. Then he showed up. First he apologized we had to have this meeting here in the staff canteen as all the office rooms were taken. Then we started talking. If I had hoped for a comforting talk to make something easier for me I was wrong of course.

After some small talk he went directly to the serious business, talking about the company rules, how it´s in our contracts that a mistake causing financial harm to the company must be made up for by a mounthly deduction of the salary for a long time. He asked me a bunch of intimate questions ordered by the company health care, about my alcohol habits and continence issues. He told me I needed to contact the HR-appartment myself about my new contract, and they all knew already what it was all about. A lot of people knew. People were talking. They found it embarrassing. An accident like that isn´t something that just happens. Capability of managing your bathroom habits is something that is expected from any grown-up person.

When I said that at least it must have been better it happened where it did, and not at the client´s place, he lowered his voice and said that if that would have happened, if I had started flooding my pants during the meeting, then I wouldn´t have my job left. When I asked again about the salary thing and questioned it he said, a little bit louder, “ok, so do you really want to pick up the fight and start a process for your right to wet yourself?” and I looked nervously around , did anyone hear? I told him that no, I wasn´t going to do that. I had to accept the situation even if it didn´t seem fair to me. He said I could not expect it to be easy getting back to work after this, but of course I was welcome to join in for a beer with the rest on Friday.

So how did this whole thing feel, what happened in me? Actually I was bouncing in and out of different emotions. One second I felt like a flat tyre, embarrassed and humiliated, next I lost it and was biting my lip not to start laughing about how great my lovely boyfriend was at being a coldhearted asshole, enjoying doing this to me. But it worked. It was good shit. The public thing did it´s job too, even if we spoke with low voices, and I don´t think anyone heard what we were talking about.

S left and walked away, and I soon went too. Found him around the corner. We broke the game and kissed each other relieved to be out of character. I felt weird, a little bit exhausted and very hungry as we walked towards another restaurant to get ourselves back together.

I wasn´t high like during the first experience, but it clearly had touched something, I was a little bit overwhelmed, but didn´t really know in what way, just that I was not indifferent to it. We bought some food and went up on a hill overlooking the city, talked it through. S said he was getting in touch with a new sadistic side of himself, as he noticed he really liked doing this and seeing my reactions, my uncomfortable squirming and nervous looks around. And I found it really hot to know that he liked it.

This has been more slowly growing upon me. It was very strong a few days after, and there´s still some parts I get back to in my mind. I´m fascinated by this very idea-based and mental part of my fetish. That I can play with my kink this way, by just talking about something that hasn´t even happened for real. It´s like I fetishize the idea of wetting rather than the wetting itself. Physical memories of an experienced wetting feed the fantasies and make them better, but it´s in my head the real action takes place.

I guess what we are doing with this shame play is some light BDSM, and that´s also interesting, because if someone had asked me a year ago I would have said I had absolutely no interest in anything like that. Doing omo with a partner in such an exploring way has really opened up new doors to me. We have also done other omo-stuff that showed I definitely have some sadistic dominant elements in me too.

We´ll just see where we go next, life is exciting!

