Older friend made me wet myself

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-06-09 17:50

This story was from when I had a a older woman who loved making me hold it until I wet myself. She was very mean about letting me go to the bathroom when I was around her. I met her on here actually, she was in southern California. I remember one of my favorite times with her, This was probably 6 years ago, we use to play a lot of pee holding games. I was probably 22 or 23 at the time and she was 53 years old, She told me multiple times, I'm like her adopted kid. One day I was in a very bad mood, I forgot the reason why it was a long time ago. I was in my emotions and she came over to pick me up. I remember she asked my why am I so quiet, and I got an attitude with her and told her im not successful in life and why do you even care very very rudely. BIG MISTAKE, she slapped my in the face super hard then pulled the car over and yelled at me for being rude then gave me a motivational speech about life.

We got to her house and she made me drink a lot of fluid, I can tell she was very pissed off with me because she would talked to me angrily. I told her I was sorry for being rude to her, but she was so angry she didn't talk to me, she kept giving me alot of fluids to drink. I needed to pee after a while, and she told wanted me to go with her to run some aarons. As she was driving my bladder started to fill up super fast. after an hour we went through the first few stores at the strip mall. We went back to the car to put her stuff up, we went to McDonalds and she bought me food and something to drink. Went to shop a little bit more and got back in the car and my bladder was really full. (Shes the type of person that would never let me pee myself outside of her home).

She was quiet the entire time, When I told her I needed to pee really bad she just said oh well hold it. I asked her whats wrong, and she said that she was very pissed about me being disrespectful to her earlier. I told her I was sorry, but she was not being forgiving. She started driving on the freeway. I needed to pee so bad that I started to tear up and cry. I begged her to pull over, but she said no and never be disrespectful to me again. I started leaking into my pants really bad it was in the pee stain was in front of my jeans. I started crying a lot, sobbing a lot as I started losing control of my bladder slowly in the passenger seat of her car. eventually I couldnt hold it and I started peeing into my pants soaking her seat. I couldnt control my water, it kept coming out and I started crying more. She told me "thats what you get for being disrespectful to me, I treat you like one of my own because I care for you".

Eventually she got remarried and we went our own ways, but I do miss her

