Wishing I could open up to him

Author: BENAir01

*000*2017-08-04 15:29

This thread is inspired by @Lucass

's recent thread

I need help. I have a friend who I have talked about multiple times on this site. He is one of my closest friends, he has a small bladder and talks about it a lot. If you guys are familiar with "gaydar" I have a skill at thing with him for his fetish. There is just something about the way and amount he talks about pee and peeing that makes me think he's got to be into this on some way.

For example: one time we played truth or dare and both of us put the dare to pee oneself in this hat of dares we made.

One time I suggested we doing a holding challenge and he was very enthusiastic and said yes quickly...

He has made many jokes about peeing himself...

However any time I've tried to make jokes about pee, he oooks at me weird and kinda drops it. Like at points I'm almost certain he odd into omo and at others I'm almost sore it's just all inky head.

I try to be suggestive of my frtish and try to hint him so he says something, but he never seems to "take the bait."

But then other times I wonder if he's trumping to hintsf me as well with what he says, and is thinking the exact same thing as me.

Mom really just looking for a way to open up to him and tell him, in the hope he will also be into it, or at least will he somewhat interested and nah r willing to try it.

Do you people have any ideas? Is there anything I can do? Or should I just give up on him and accept that it is super unlikely he shares my fetish?

*001*2017-08-04 15:50

Just realized I posted this in wetting experiences and not omo general, is there any way to move it?

*004*2017-08-05 02:10

{{36 minutes ago, MsFortune-Take said:

Lewd him.

}}

What exactly do you mean?

*007*2017-08-05 13:12

Yes I am gay but no we are not in a sexual relationship (or any relationship more then friendship) - he is straight as an arrow and I am not at all attracted to him. And I should have put this in my first post, but I don't really want to experience omorashi in a sexual way (it is a little sexual for me but not only sexual) I just want to do omorashi in a playful friend-ish way. If that makes any sense.

*011*2017-08-08 20:18

{{2 hours ago, trackboy said:

Was you able to get friend to do any drink and hold contests with you? for some reason my notifications stopped working and I tried clearing cookies and cache and that did not work. for a couple of weeks before that the notifications worked off and on.

}}

I mean, we haven't hung out in this time. We only usually see each other once every few months because we are both super busy. So no not yet... also why did you refer to him as "friend"? That's an odd way of putting things... "did you get friend to..."

Anyway I think I will follow the advice of @Dunney and not really bring it up, but if he does, I may go with what @Drakon said and casually throw in the word omorashi and see what happens. Thanks guys.

