Vacation messing experiences

Author: kochel428

*000*2021-11-10 15:07

My wife and I just returned from a lovely two-week vacation taking a rented RV to various state parks and camping out. I initially expected to not do any messing on this vacation, because it seemed logistically too difficult. But it turned out to be logistically just the right amount of difficult. Most of the campsites had working plumbing and some had showers, and I had all the same urges I normally do. Here's a catalogue of the series of escalating accidents I had.

The first took place at our first campsite, a nice private campsite on a lake. It had a nice clean public bathroom with showers. That said, I was still set on not messing and having all that complicated cleanup, so this was really a minor thing. One morning, after lingering over a nice breakfast with coffee in the RV, with my need to poo steadily growing as it tends to do after breakfast, I announced I would go to the bathroom. On my way to said bathroom, a three-ish minute walk, I paused for a moment to admire the trees and enjoy my desperation, and I somewhat thoughtlessly gave a little push, squeezing out some poo between my cheeks. I caught myself and stopped before it did more than slightly brush my undies, and quickly hurried to the toilet. Wiping was a challenge but otherwise it wasn't too bad, and I finished the rest in the toilet.

I guess this emboldened me, because I tried to do the same thing a few days later, this time in a public park campsite with no showers that I was aware of (there turned out to be showers on another loop that came in handy later on). Same deal: I lingered over breakfast, had plenty of coffee, and then went to go to the bathroom. Descending the hill, I relaxed and let some out. But "some" this time turned out to be a pantsful. I froze there in the path, and looked around somewhat panicked. So much had jetted out of me in that moment that I was slightly worried I would overflow my undies, but that didn't stop me from allowing more to come out as I resumed walking to the bathrooms, until I was empty by the time I got to my stall.

I won't bore you with the cleanup, but it was complicated given that I had to do it in the (fortunately very clean) public bathroom. Suffice it to say, it took quite a while, I had to smuggle my wet underwear out in my pocket, and I took a quick shower in the RV once I got back.

The third accident was more intentional. Same deal: morning, breakfast, coffee. We were at a different public park, this time with a bathroom and shower a short walk from our campsite. I told my wife I was going to fill my pants if the shower looked all right for cleanup. So I went to go check it out, and it looked nice. There was a handicap shower with lots of space and a wall that allowed for privacy away from the gap under the door. I walked back to the campsite and filled my pants as I did so, copiously. Not wanting it to end, I walked around the campsite a bit enjoying the birds and the fresh air, and went a bit more when the urge struck a few minutes later.

After that, I went back into the RV where my wife was sitting at the table reading. "I guess the showers look nice, huh?" she asked coyly. I affirmed that they did, and then went to the back and got myself off into my full pants while my wife watched.

The final accident... ohhh the final accident.

Partway through our trip we went and stayed for a few days on a farm owned by one of my wife's friends and the friend's husband. It was a great stay, and the last morning we woke up and had a big breakfast, stayed around to help with some chores, and then hit the road for our final campsite. Because of the way things worked out, I never really got a chance to go off on my own and sit on the toilet, so by the time we left I was pretty desperate, and had an hour and twenty minute drive ahead of me.

By halfway through, I was starting to think I'd just have an accident in my seat. The pressure was intense, and I kept feeling like it was going to slip out. At a certain point, I decided I would let whatever happened happen, and relaxed. I could feel the mess push out and my anus open, but the seat was exerting enough pressure that I didn't fill my seat, just stained my undies a bit. Relaxing eventually reduced the pressure a bit and I was able to regain control of myself.

When we arrived, my wife suggested I go on the gorge hike at this campsite, which I had been itching to do, while she stayed in the RV and did some journaling, because she's that kind of introvert. I mentioned that I really needed the bathroom, and that I probably wouldn't go before starting the hike, to see what happened. She gave me an arch look and said "All I ask is that you figure out where the showers are before you do it."

So I took the hiking poles and packed up a pack with some layers, and headed out. My first stop was to the bathroom, because I also had to pee mightily and didn't really care to have a double header accident in public like that. It took me over half an hour sitting on the toilet with my butt on the seat and toilet paper jammed between my butt cheeks before I was able to pee without completely releasing my bowels as well. After I was finally able to do it, I pulled out the TP and found I'd had a bit released there, but not enough to give me any relief.

Then I had to find the shower, which required going to the park service center and getting a map, and then walking back across the park to the camping area and inspecting the showers, which closely resembled the ones for the previous accident.

Finally, a little over an hour after arriving at the park, I set out on the actual hike. It was four miles, with the first half down low in a gorge along a creek, and the second half up high on the ridge on the other side of the creek. Both ways involved a lot of elevation change, but nothing else particularly tricky.

The pressure on my insides had been gradually rebuilding since we got to the campsite, and by the time I started my hike it was already intense. About a mile in, my body announced that this was going to be a true, uncontrollable accident. It informed me of this by suddenly allowing my anus to open unbidden. Nothing came out, but I knew it wouldn't be long before it did.

Maybe five minutes later, it opened again, and this time I felt mess shoot out into my underwear. It was definitely soft, though I wasn't sure how much, and I wasn't in a secluded enough place to check what my seat looked like. It wasn't until a few minutes later, after a second bit slipped out against my will, that I was able to pull over and snap a photo of my butt. I got a bit worried at what I saw. These were dark colored hiking pants, and I already had a light brown stain clearly visible. At this point I probably would have aborted the mission and headed home, but turning around would take me to the trailhead further from my campsite. At this point, I was probably nearly equidistant from home regardless of which way I went, so I chose to press on.

After the first few mini-accidents, my insides calmed down for a while. I noticed that more would come out when I crossed a bridge or a narrow area that was stressful for me as someone afraid of height. But things didn't really start in earnest until I crossed the creek and started the ridge trail.

By then, I was starting to have fairly rhythmic mini-accidents every minute or so. The pressure would be intense, I would fill my pants a bit more, and then things would calm down until the next mini accident. Any time I stopped, poo would immediately start filling my pants, and continue for several seconds after I started walking again.

I was fortunately walking in the opposite direction of most other hikers, which meant no one really saw me from behind. I would occasionally have to pull over and let other hikers by, which meant I stood there smiling and uncontrollably messing while I waited for them to pass. Despite this, at about the three-quarters mark I took off my thermal and tied it around my waist to cover my butt. The mess was just getting too obvious.

At one point, I stopped to take pictures of a pool by a waterfall in the creek where my wife and I had bathed the last time we did this hike several years ago. The photos were blurry—I couldn't hold my hands steady enough to take good pics while my pants slowly and uncontrollably filled as I stood there.

Finally, I reached a point on the trail where it began descending to the trailhead. I could see all the way to the end, and I couldn't make myself resist anymore. I let go.

I thought I'd made a big mess so far, but suddenly my pants filled to the breaking point and beyond. I could feel my seat expand and the mess overflowed my underwear. Despite having let go, I still felt full, so I pushed and felt a large, firm mass come out, expanding the seat of my pants even further. It was surely the most thorough mess I'd ever made.

Hiking back to the campsite after that was uneventful but felt amazing. My pants were so full, my relief so thorough, I was in heaven. I stopped by the RV to switch out my hiking pack for another pack with shower items and a change of clothes, and waddled the half mile down the camping area to the showers.

I was once again able to get the handicap stall, where I put down the shower bench and sat down in my incredible mess to get myself off. The orgasm was intense, and immediately after I finished my bladder felt overwhelmingly full. It was an easy decision to let go and feel it drench my privates and run down my butt and legs as I sat there.

My intestines had also clearly been at work and had refilled my rectum, which I rectified after I stood up. Given how big a mess I'd made forty minutes earlier I would have expected something small, but it was really a full mess once again.

I was spent. It was absolutely the most amazing accident of my life, and I hope you all enjoyed it even a fraction as much as I did.

*003*2021-11-14 02:41

{{On 11/10/2021 at 9:29 PM, Jonnaywets said:

Maybe this is too personal for the comment section but. Does your wife participate in your fetish or does she just know about it?? I would like to one day be this comfortable around my GF She knows that I like to wear diapers, wet and mess my pants. But she doesn’t want to participate, meaning she doesn’t want to wear diapers, wet, or mess her pants, which is totally understandable and fine with me. But it would also be a turn on for me if I was able to wet or mess my pants, or even wear a diaper around her! Thank you! Also great story!!!

}}

Thank you! She has wet for me before, which is exciting, but I’m mostly a sub in this fetish (weirdly I’m a Dom in BDSM play), so we’re comfy with her domming me or just being neutral about it.

Also, congrats on being open with your partner about your fetishes! It’s so important.

{{On 11/11/2021 at 9:39 PM, anon_neuro said:

Amazing story! I've done similar adventures. Have you ever considered posting the picture you took? Would love to see it

}}

I don’t really post pics of myself, sorry!

