Embarrassing Accident at a Rave

Author: Drakon

*000*2021-07-08 01:38

This past weekend I went to an anime convention and was trying to make the most out of the entire weekend, which meant I put off going to the bathroom several times which was fairly uneventful, except once. I was wearing sheer white tights, a black skirt, pink panties, black booties, and a t-shirt. This is how my evening went:

We were hanging out in our hotel room to eat dinner and chill for 2 hours before the rave. It was just 5 girls in a hotel room drinking some booze and having pizza, though I settled for 2 cans of root beer. We danced to some music and practiced twerking before the rave (we suck at it lol). Besides eating pizza, it was mostly just giggling for about half an hour until the fireworks show started.

The 5 of us gathered near our hotel room window to watch the amazingly beautiful show that was actually directly across the street on the parking garage (literally the luckiest room everrr). Not much happened during the show, but there were some cute boys who were watching the fireworks from the top of the parking garage and they waved at us. We were all pretty giddy and having fun waving our flashlights at each other, but I was feeling a little frisky from all the adrenaline from the convention. We thought it would be funny if I gave them a little lewd show, though it wasn’t really much, as it resulted only in me lifting my skirt briefly to show them my panties and then we closed the curtains. (I doubt they saw much anyways since it was dark, and across the street. Mostly the gesture to hopefully add some excitement to their weekend. Besides, they were the ones looking in our hotel room so late soooo…)

I think I drank a bottle of water after the fireworks, and then my friends and I started to prepare for the rave. Some of them put on body glitter and changed into more revealing outfits, while I waited and kept checking the start time of the rave. After around a half hour of getting ready, we finally left to get in line for the rave.

It took us another 20 minutes or so to walk from our hotel room to the hotel where the convention and rave are held. It was now when I decided to use the bathroom since it would be another 40 minutes until the dance started, and I had to pee pretty badly (about a 5/10). It took me about 10 minutes to pee and wash my hands since there was a small line for the toilets (as was common for most of the convention). Afterwards, I exited the bathroom and got back in line for the rave, though I was a good 20 people behind my friends and I don’t feel right cutting in line.

I stood in line for another 20 minutes until I finally decided to sit on the floor and be comfortable. I spent this waiting time mostly checking out the different cosplays that were in the line. After a short while, the rave finally started and we were able to enter! I reunited with my friends inside and we squeezed our way near the front.

We danced for about an hour, though I began to feel the urge to pee again only 20 minutes in. After an hour of dancing I was around 4/10 on the desperation scale, and we decided to go take a short water break since we were all hot from dancing in a room with 100s of people. I drank 2 cups of water and decided I would use the bathroom after the rave because I didn’t want to miss anything, and I went back into the rave.

I saw an inflatable t-rex guy and danced with some random people for about 10 minutes until I realized I actually really had to pee, like 7/10 now. I tried to keep dancing but the jumping part of the one song made me leak a little, so I finally left to go to the bathroom.

Ny urge got progressively worse as I hurried to the bathroom, to the point when I got out of the dance room I started running through the hallway! It was a short jog to the bathroom and thankfully there was no line this time, but I had to pee sooooo bad, and the small wet reminder on my panties was not helping. I don’t know why but when I stepped into the stall, my bladder spasmed violently and pee started to stream through my panties onto the floor. Panicked, I closed the door and sat on the toilet, only having time to lift my skirt since I didn’t want to make a mess trying to pull my tights down (a mess that would have lead to a much larger puddle and more wet streaks down my tights). I would have rather not soaked myself on the toilet, but a wet butt could be concealed under my skirt, whereas wet legs were more noticeable. I peed for what felt like an eternity, though it was probably closer to a minute.

When my stream finally tapered off, I checked the damage on the floor and my tights. The puddle was about the size of a standard dinner plate, and my crotch and butt were absolutely soaked and dripping. The initial stream must’ve went straight through my tights, as my legs were totally dry, minus the drips from my wet butt that I realized too late were starting to spread wetness towards my mid-thighs. It was pretty bad, but it could’ve been worse.

I used a ton of toilet paper trying to mop up the puddle as best as I could, which didnt leave much left for my tights and panties (curse single ply paper!). I don’t know why I thought the paper towels by the sink were a better choice than moving to another stall, but it probably was related to the amount that I would need to use. The bathroom was empty thankfully, but the internal panic combined with the lack of sleep and the adrenaline of the convention may have affected my judgement. So silly me stood there by the sink drying myself instead of bringing a bunch back to the stall. The paper towels were working much better than the toilet paper, and it was going fine until a small group of girls came into the bathroom.

I noticed them enter too late to hide what I was doing and they gave me a funny stare as I was holding a paper towel between my legs. My face turned bright red and I turned to face the corner. Thankfully they went into the stalls. Part of me wanted to run into a stall with a handful of paper towels, but I tried to hurry and finish instead since they already saw me and I didn’t want to flush paper towels (and my tired brain was dumb enough to miss the obvious fact that i could just set them on the floor until i exited the stall). 

Needless to say, I severely underestimated just how soaked my butt was and the group of girls finished before I did. They approached me I guess to see what happened (one commented “maybe her period?”) but it was pretty obvious it wasn’t. I was pretty much as dry as I was going to get and praying they just leave me be, but one of them finally asked me “what happened?” I hid my face with embarrassment and told them “I had to pee really bad” and immediately ran out of the bathroom a red, severely blushy mess and went back into the rave to find my friends.

My tights dried off pretty easily since they are so thin, but my panties stayed wet for the rest of the rave. Gladly it didn’t smell since I was super hydrated, but it took me a good 10 minutes to shake off the embarrassment and get back into the rave vibe. My friends went back to the hotel but I stayed for the last half hour to enjoy the rave. Thankfully, I never saw the group of girls again for the rest of the convention. By the time I got back to my hotel room, my clothes were totally dry and I was too tired to change into pjs. In the morning I checked my tights and they were totally fine and didn’t smell at all, but my pink panties had a slightly darker stain across the entire gusset and most of the butt. Since the tights were part of my cosplay, I wore them for the next day but made sure to put on extra perfume and deodorant just in case.

Looking back, I feel bad that someone saw my accident, but it wasn’t intentional or sexually provoked. It was an honest accident, and I wasn’t thinking straight with the 4 hours of sleep I had been getting for the few days prior. I hope at least the strangers forget the incident or look back at it as a thing to laugh about at my expense. All I know is that when I’m not doing a hold, I’m going to pee as soon as I can to hopefully avoid these embarrassing situations!

