Standardized Testing

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-05-06 04:58

Between junior and senior year I was taking the Act. I had already made a good score and was hoping to aim for one point more.

I started my day off rather late, at about 7:20 is when I woke, and the test starts at 8. I threw clothes on, gathered the ticket, calculator, pencils, and hopped in the car. Leave at about 7:40 grabbing water and eating a granola bar on the way out. The ride there was right at twenty minutes.

I got there as soon as the doors opened but was one of the last people to be let in because of the crowd outside.

I found the class room, but didn't have enough to use the bathroom before I started taking the test.

The first few minutes English I noticed that I needed to pee but didn't think too much about it.

I am good at English, but by twenty five minutes in I was going so slow. The fact that I hadn't peed at all today struck hard.

I tried to read the words, but the pounding and pulsating my bladder doing made them hard to comprehend.

I raised my hand and the administrator came over, "Is there an way at all I can go the bathroom?"

She frowned, "but if you leave the room your scores don't count, and you are dismissed. After math you have a break."

I crossed my ankles and continued. Another five minutes went by and the words were slurring in my brain. My thighs squished together, and my heart beat out of my chest. I was not going to have an accident in front of these people. My bladder clenched and I grit my teeth together. Just breath through it.

I focused back on reading but could only concentrate for a few moments at a time. I sat up straight with my back arched to help provide more pressure.

Forty minutes had went by, only twenty more.

But I didn't think I could make it through another hour. Math, the section I needed to improve in.

I finished English with lots of guesses. Then I went to rest my head on the table. To do that I moved to the back of chair and bent forward. My bladder protested, and then I dribble. Scooting in my chair I lost the rest of the little leak. I just needed to hold myself, and I might have some chance in making it.

MATH....

I did okay for ten minutes but my muscles were starting to throb slightly. And I knew they needed a break.

As I slowly eased the pressure off my thighs I prepared to force my muscles to hold. But I didn't expect them to refuse.

The second my thighs were no longer touching the small dribbles I had confined work there way to the surface.

No...no. My thighs shook from the effort wanting to join the fight as I tried to kick them out, so that my bladder muscles could help more.

My undies were now wet, and I went increasingly slow on the questions.

Around the fifteen minute mark the urge let off jus enough for me to think properly. I zoomed through the problems I knew and then hoped for the best with the other ones.

I was done at the thirty minute mark.

I tried to go back and redo problems but my slight fidgeting had gotten so much worse.

My need had elevated and I just needed to make it thirty more minutes.

I felt it coming and did everything in my power to stop it, but there it was. Aaacccchh, my sneeze flew out of my disorienting my whole body as my bladder spasmed and pee gushed into my undies.

Oh shit. I had clamped it off before anymore could squirm out. I wiggled around and snuck my hand down to understand the damage. My underwear were gone, but my jeans only seemed to have a small damp patch.

Twenty minutes to go.

And then I got the hiccups. One, two, three hiccups and opps, a little pee.

Oh why now? I tried to hold them back so I won't bother people or pee on myself.

And I guess I zone out because not thing I know. "You may now take a break." The woman walks to the door.

I get up first not caring if anything is visible and try to quickly get to a bathroom before lines form.

There was a huge line in there when I got there. And now standing and rushing down steps, along with knowing I was so close had excited my bladder.

More shimmed down my urethra squirted into my jeans creating a small space.

I jiggled up and down trying my best to not hold myself. Everyone around me was doing there own thing not paying attention. I noticed a girl about 5 spots ahead of me shifting her weight frequently.

At one point she said, "I've been in here for almost my whole ten minutes, and I have to pee."

Apparently someone had told her that there ten minutes was up because she was complaining again.

She bounced on her heels, and bent one leg over the other.

"Tell her I'll be there as soon as possible. I have to go here first," her voice almost quivered.

At this point two people had gotten out of line. It was 2 people in front of her and then me.

"Can I squeeze in front of you?" She asked the two shyly.

They looked at each other I guess the knee each other "we have to be back in less than two minutes and don't want to loose our spot. We will be quick."

It seemed like whoever we were waiting in was doing more than tinkling because the line next to us was moving quickly.

A familiar girl came back in, "Grayson, our instructor told me to find you. She's trying to start our test." She said in a very hushed tone, and I had to strain to listen.

I still had a whole five minutes.

"I would like to pee first. They give us a break for a reason."

"Well she told me to bring you back. I said you might be in the bathroom, and she said it's already been fifteen. Minutes and she doesn't want to get behind."

The girl looked around miserably, "well I Need to go pee, I have to."

The other just shrugged, "I'm gonna go wait outside."

When the next girl went in she stamped her feet in place for a minute and turned at an angle.

This was the first time I noticed she might be holding herself through her oversized jacket.

Her hips twisted and her face contorted.

Then she didn't something I wouldn't have expected. She bucked her hips and whispered "fuck."

Her hand dashed from the pocket to her crotch and she slightly crouched so that it wasn't too noticeable.

She squeezed her eyes shut in concentration.

The girl had flushed and as the door opened the girl composed herself lightening fast.

Then when it was only her in line she leant her upper weigh on the side of the door and whined slightly.

Then she gasped and her hand found her crotch again. Except now I was looking at her back, not her side.

"No, shit, stop," I barely made out. And then her arm tensed more as she used more force.

The toilet flushed and she looked ready to pounce when the girl came out.

But the girl didn't just open the door and come out. She must have had to buckle her pants up or something first.

The girl bent down and at the angle I saw the small wet patch.

As the girl went in and I didn't have a focus point my mind screeched back to my bladder.

It was pulsating and on fire. And my area was now wet with a little more than just pee from what I had just witnessed.

I squeezed in hoping to contain the rest. And more leaked out slowly as my muscles adjusted.

And then it was over and I had a very relieving moment.

