[Male] Date night, take two!

Author: shinobi

*000*2020-12-17 23:45

I’m flattered that everyone liked my last story! So, I thought I would come back and share a few more, since I was in the mood to write one! Maybe next time I will be able to think of a more creative title.

In case you haven’t read my first story, I’ll reintroduce and describe myself. I’m a younger gay male and have a partner several years older than me who tends to take the dominant role in our love life. I’m more into holding side of omo, my partner is just more of an exhibitionist. We like to have date nights when we get the chance, and sometimes I will end up doing a hold through them. They don't always end up going completely smoothly!

I don’t totally remember how this night started, to be honest, but I remember that it didn’t start with me planning to do a hold all the way to the end. I think I’d just had an extra glass of water or two to so that I could enjoy the feeling of a full bladder while my partner and I went out for the night. I do remember that it was a fall evening, and the weather was cool. Not cold, but cool enough to wear a light woven jacket, which I would end up being very thankful for! Besides that, I was wearing medium/light colored well-fitting jeans, baby blue briefs if anyone is interested in that, and a light gray t-shirt that was long but not baggy.

I don’t remember how the evening started – probably just dinner, with a few glasses of water – but we ended up at a bar afterwards and ran into my partner’s best friend who was just there by himself, to get out for the night. All three of us got to talking for a while, and before long, I was feeling very, very full – the sort of full where your bladder just feels solid, and firm to the touch. I thought I had held long enough, especially in the middle of a busy bar while talking to my partner’s best friend, so I excused myself to go find the bathroom.

“Aww,” our friend said, sounding genuinely disappointed.

“I’ll be back!” I promised. “I’m not going anywhere, I wasn’t the one driving here!”

Our friend grabbed my shoulder and said, “But I thought you just held it!”

I was pretty stunned, honestly – I almost shot water out of my nose! I’ve never told too many people about my kinks to be honest, only guys I was with at the time and trusted. So to hear someone just call it out like that took me completely by surprise – my partner must have told him. I wasn’t angry, just surprised really, and all I could do was laugh nervously. I probably stammered out something like “Oh, hahah, yeah, okay…”, but what I know I did was put off going to the bathroom. I shifted from foot to foot while he was holding on to my shoulder, and after an awkward moment or two the subject changed.

I shifted my weight from leg to leg for a few minutes, and finally our friend went to go get another drink. When he was out of earshot, I sighed in relief. “Thank God!” I sighed. “I gotta go!”

“But babe,” my partner grabbed my elbow, “you promised him you’d hold it!”

My shoulders slumped. I knew he wasn’t going to let me go, so I went back to our table, disappointed that I wasn’t going to be able to take my chance to get some relief. “Fine,” I whispered back, “but let’s not stay here much longer, I’ve really gotta pee.” I doubt that convinced him to leave any sooner, but it was the truth.

When our friend came back, we talked for a little while and eventually decided to go watch the dancing in a stage off to one side of the bar. I can’t remember what exactly was going on, but it was some kind of big group dance that a lot of people were joining in on – thank goodness we didn’t! But my partner had me take a seat, and he stood behind me with our friend. Sitting is not my favorite position when I’m bursting, but I was trying not to let our friend, or the whole bar, know just how badly I had to go.

After a bit of talking and watching, my partner put his arms around my chest from behind and started trying to subtly play with my nipples through my jacket and shirt. I’m not really a big fan of that to be honest, it just doesn’t feel as good to me as it does to some people, but he was doing it because he’d discovered a while ago that it’s a great way to make me leak.

The second I figured out what he was doing, I tried to stop him as firmly as I could while still trying to stay subtle about the situation. Still, he managed to get me a few times while I was sitting there, and I felt just a few drops leave me and soak into my briefs. I could feel a wet patch of my underwear clinging to me, almost teasing me. What I couldn’t feel was whether any had leaked through to show on my jeans. Luckily for me though, my shirt and jacket were long enough to go down to my thighs, so while I couldn’t really subtly check to see if anything was visible, I guess it didn’t matter.

Luckily, by the time all the touching had made me soak my underwear, the dance was over, and my partner wanted to leave. I stood up out of my seat, winced as I felt the contents of my bladder shift and strain against my muscles, and the three of us walked back towards the entrance. We passed by the entrance to the bathroom on the way, and I know I was looking at it almost hungrily.

As we approached it, my partner said “I should go to the bathroom before we go.”

Our friend agreed. “Good idea, me too.” He turned to me and put one hand on my shoulder and the other flat on my chest (he’s a very affectionate person like that). “You gonna be okay out here for a minute sweetie?” he asked me.

“I, uh… Yeah, I’ll be fine…” I’m sure I didn’t sound convincing, and I’m sure I didn’t look convincing. I wasn’t so much surprised at being called out this time – I’d gotten used to the idea that our friend knew what was going on – I just really, really had to pee, and I was not expecting to hold it tonight. I shifted from foot to foot as our friend walked away into the restrooms.

“Be right back, babe,” my partner said, and gave one last lightning-fast twist of my nipple, hard this time. I tried to knock his hand away, but it didn’t do any good, and I felt another splash wet my underwear.

I squirmed in place as I felt the wetness spread across my underwear and stopped it pretty quickly, but not quickly enough to keep from feeling a bit of wetness between my thighs. I couldn’t see anything, but I suspected I had a cup ring or saucer sized wet spot between my legs at that point – luckily I had my shirt covering it, though. I couldn’t do anything but stand outside the restroom, and just shift from foot to foot. I could see inside the restroom to the urinals, and it was torture! I think the thing that helped me most in staying dry right then was the fact that this was my favorite part of a hold – where you just start to leak, and the end was getting to be in sight, but I knew I could last a while more.

It helped that I was wet because my partner had basically been tickling me, and not because I was seconds away from bursting. The fact that I wasn’t frantically desperate meant I could still get hard too, which helped me not leak any more than I had. Shuffling around from foot to foot with what felt like an obvious hard-on, I felt like people were watching me – probably just my being paranoid – and so I stopped shifting, half-sitting on a bar stool instead. I couldn’t do much beyond just wait for my partner and our friend to finish getting relief, lucky them.

My partner came out of the bathroom first. He walked up to me with a smirk, and asked “Hanging in there?”

I gave him a miffed look. “Barely. No thanks to you and your…” I trailed off, and went to poke his chest, but he knocked my hand away and laughed.

“Does that really make it worse?” Before I could answer, he stuck his hand up my jacket and shirt and grabbed my jeans to see for himself. “Oh, wow, I guess it does!” he laughed. “Doesn’t seem like you mind though.” He ran his fingers up and down my length. I didn’t stop him – I’d have taken any help I could get at that point to not leak some more, and being hard helped. He didn’t do it for long though, and luckily he stopped right as our friend came out of the restroom and came up beside us.

“You boys ready to leave?” he asked both of us, putting a hand on both of our shoulders.

“Ready!” my partner said. “Come on, babe!” He grabbed my hand and pulled me up.

“Okay…” I said, probably weakly. I stood up and straightened out my shirt hoping it would hide everything going on down there. We walked out into the cool night air and I shuddered a little bit, trying to keep it all in.

It wasn’t too far into the parking lot where we split off from our friend, and being the affectionate person that he is, he gave me a big hug good-bye, pulling me in just a little too hard and a little too long for my bladder’s comfort. “Make it home safely, sweetie,” he told me, and turned to hug my partner too. Finally, he waved goodbye, and walked off to his car, and my partner and I walked in the opposite direction to ours.

I didn’t make it far before I was hunched over between some cars, and I checked to make sure we were out of earshot of our friend. “Can we please go back inside?” I asked my partner.

“For what?” he asked as if he had no idea what I meant.

“I’ve got to go!” I whispered harshly.

“We are going! Come on,” he grabbed my hand.

“I meant go pee!”

“We were just in there and you didn’t go, I’m not going back. Come on,” he started pulling my hand towards our car, forcing me along. I was starting to get genuinely worried about pissing myself – especially because I just genuinely did not plan to do a serious hold that night, let alone end up wet, and the jeans I was wearing would show it clearly. Luckily, I thought, we’d be going home now, so I’d only have to hold it for half an hour more, at the very most.

When we got to the car, I breathed deeply, and prepared myself to get in. Going from standing to sitting while I’m about to burst is always difficult, never mind when I have to climb up into a tall car first. My partner got in the driver’s seat first, and smirked at me as I took off my jacket and looked at the passenger seat. I hoisted myself up using the handlebar above the door and tried to sit my bottom towards the front of the seat, so that I could lean back further and have my torso closer to a standing position. It didn’t work so well at first, and as I sat down, a sharp pain stabbed me in my bladder, and a spurt followed.

“Oof,” my partner was smiling sadistically, “I think I heard that all the way over here!”

“I can’t help it,” I groaned and gasped, holding my stomach.

“Let me see.”

“What?” I looked over at him, confused slightly.

“Lift up your shirt,” he said it in a forceful tone that just gets me every time, like he’s just stating a fact instead of telling me what to do.

I knew he wanted to see how wet I was, or how wet the car seats were, and lifted up my shirt to show him. I took a peek too, and saw I had a saucer sized wet patch down there, centered almost between my legs. He placed a hand gently on my poor swollen bladder, and slowly moved down to my pants. It wasn’t to see how wet I was; my jeans were light enough to see that easily. Instead, he ran his hands over my pants until he felt my dick, and then unzipped my fly. He stuck his fingers in, tutted a bit at me, then started rubbing up and down, through my briefs. It took a short while, but I managed to get hard still. He zipped me up again and kept rubbing me through my pants. “Does that help?” he asked.

“Yes,” I panted. It did, and I enjoyed it, but really I just wanted him to start driving so I didn’t wet his car!

“Good,” he said. “Start doing it, and don’t stop,” he ordered me. “And don’t wet my car!” he told me, and began to drive.

I did what he said and tried to keep it subtle and through my pocket, and zipped myself up so that cars nearby couldn’t see what I was doing. I wasn’t really paying attention to where we were going at the time, I was more focused on holding on to myself. It wasn’t easy in the jeans I was wearing, they were already kind of tight, but now they were clingy and wet in all the worst places too! I was sweating with the effort of holding it in by now, and seriously considering letting a little out just to take the edge off – what difference would it make if we were going home? – but I didn’t know if I’d be able to stop once I started, so I put it off and kept stroking through my pocket. My partner was driving through the roads, and when he got to the next stoplight, he hit the brakes way harder than I think he needed to. The sharp stabbing pain surprised me, and I couldn’t help but let out another leak and lose hold of myself. I screamed out in pain and tried to get ahold of myself again.

My partner reached over and grabbed me quickly through my pants. “I thought I told you to hold it?” He had a grin on his face that told me the braking was on purpose.

“I thought you could drive,” I mouthed back at him. I felt wet all around my briefs, and reached to the bottom of my jeans. It was definitely felt wet, but it didn’t feel soaked – the seats still felt dry too, luckily!

I went back to massaging myself through my pocket, as squishy and wet as my pocket was now, just trying my best to hold on. I wasn’t watching where we were going, but judging from the turns, I thought we were getting close. Finally, the car came to a halt, and my partner said, “Okay! Time to get out.”

I took my hand out of my pocket, opened my eyes and looked around. We were not home. We were at a bar or something from the look of it. “…What? Where are we?” I asked, my voice shaking.

“It’s leather night here tonight, and I know someone in the contest,” my partner explained. “Let’s go in and say hi!” He got out of the car, came around and opened the door for me.

“But… I’m wet,” I protested. I wasn’t soaked down my legs, but my bottom and crotch were wet. My shirt was still dry and long enough to cover it up, luckily for me, because my partner was not letting up.

“I know, I can see that! Come on, let’s go say hi.” He held his hand out towards me. I knew he wasn’t going to give up. I was going to go inside that bar, it was just a matter of when, and how wet I would be when I did. I stood up from the passenger seat and pulled my shirt down to cover my crotch and butt. I looked down and I didn’t think anything was visible with my shirt down, thank goodness, but I knew it was only a matter of time. So, I carefully tied my jacket around my waist just to keep covered and slowly walked with my partner into the bar, trying not to jostle anything and leak more.

“Can I use the bathroom in there at least?” I asked as we were walking up to the entrance.

“We won’t be there long enough for you to do that, we’ll get back to the car before too long.” I think he was trying to be reassuring, but all I heard was a “no” – and my stomach sank when I heard that, smack into my bladder.

We got into the bar, and normally, if I hadn’t been about to totally soak myself, I might have enjoyed the sights. I don’t remember what sort of contest this was supposed to be, but there were a lot of guys wearing different leather outfits. As we looked for my partner’s friend, I started shifting from foot to foot again, wincing as I felt wetness around my crotch. I wasn’t really looking at what was going on, I just had an arm on my partner’s shoulder and followed him around.

“There he is,” my partner said, and my stomach knotted with nervousness. I was absolutely not in a state to meet someone new. My partner gave him a hug and introduced me.

“Hi,” I said, nervously, and gave him a hug. Leaning over was hell on my bladder, and I started to feel a sort of tickling at the tip of my penis, which I suspected meant I was dribbling very slightly. We talked for a while at a standing table, and he told us we had just missed his performance. I felt a little guilty for thinking it, but I was pretty thankful for it because I thought it meant we wouldn’t be there as long. I remember wiping off my forehead while they were talking and feeling a few more drops leak into my underwear. I winced and tried hard to keep it in, but I wasn’t unnoticed.

“Everything okay?” my partner’s friend asked.

“He’s just got to go to the bathroom,” my partner said.

“Oh, the bathrooms are right over there –”

“I’ve, uh, got a thing with public bathrooms,” I said. I wasn’t lying, I guess. My thing was that I just wasn’t allowed to use them right then.

“Oh… Okay,” he shrugged.

We kept talking for a while, and I tried my best to join in, but I could barely spare to concentrate on anything that wasn’t my bladder by then. Not too long after that, I swear I could have felt a small, steady trickle entering my underwear and tickling just a little bit. I was really scared I was going to wet myself right there in the bar. I was seriously losing the ability to hold on, and right in front of someone I barely knew to boot. I stood there squeezing my thighs together as hard as I could, really glad for my jacket tied across my waist. As the conversation was winding down, I felt wetness start to dribble down to about my mid thigh. I snuck a look down and was relieved that nothing was showing past my jacket. That made me feel a little better, but I knew that would change soon.

Lucky for me, my partner’s friend had to leave then – something to do with the show I think, but I was honestly not paying attention – so we said goodbye, and he left our table. The second I thought he was out of earshot, I turned to my partner. “Can I PLEASE use the bathroom?” I begged, frantically.

“Mmm,” he smirked and paused for a few seconds, “I don’t think you can.”

I shuddered and leaked more. “Babe, please…” I squeezed my eyes shut and my legs together, trying my best to keep it all in as I felt the tiny steam tickle its way around to the front of my upper thighs.

I felt his arm around me and his breath in my ear as he grabbed my shoulder. “Hold it,” he ordered me, his voice was low and commanding. Amazingly it worked, and the tickling feeling of my slight leaking stopped. “How wet are you?” he asked, voice lowered, and he moved my jacket aside to look at my jeans. I basically had a dinner plate sized wet spot on my crotch, and wetness extending down my legs almost low enough that my jacket wouldn’t help anymore. “Daaaaaamn,” he said under his breath, still holding my jacket up. “You are soaked, aren’t you?”

I pushed my jacket down again as I saw someone starting to look in my direction. “Please, babe! If you’re not gonna let me go, let’s at least leave!” I begged him. “I’ll do anything you want!” I really was starting to panic – I am not big on public accidents, and I knew I had maybe a few minutes left.

“Anything, huh? I’ll hold you to that.” He smirked and grabbed my hand and dragged me out of the bar back towards our car. Somehow I think I might have managed to not leak any more along the way, but maybe I just didn’t notice it at this point. Walking was unbelievably painful. Images of me losing control between some cars kept flashing through my head. Our car wasn’t too far away though, and I walked around to the passenger side. As I pulled on the handle, I heard someone calling my partner’s name. His friend from earlier was running after us – it looked like he had forgotten something, and worse, he’d forgotten to unlock the door for me. My partner and his friend were talking next to the driver’s side door, and I was stuck dancing and grabbing on the passenger’s side. I tried the door again one more time, quietly because I didn’t want to seem rude, but it didn’t open. When I felt that, my body just sort of… gave up.

I felt a sharp pain in my bladder and doubled over as my bladder spasmed and let go and tried to grab myself to quiet the hissing sound now coming from my pants. My partner and his friend were done talking, and he looked at me through both windows and waved goodbye as I started feeling it all rushing down my thighs. I managed to barely wave and squeak out “bye!” as he turned around and left. As he turned around and wasn’t looking at us any longer, I quickly took my jacket off of my waist, crouched down and leaned my back against the car, keeping my bottom off of the ground, and just let go. I sighed and laid my head back, utterly exhausted, and just felt it flow over my thighs and out the bottom of my pants. I don’t know how long I wet myself like that, but when I opened my eyes, my partner was standing off to my side.

“Damn,” he said, looking down at me with his arms folded. “Feel better?”

I nodded weakly and whispered, “Yeah.”

“Good.” He put his arms under mine and lifted me up. I wasn’t quite done yet, and felt some wetness rush down my legs, wetting my pants to the bottom. Lucky for me, we had a gym towel in the back seat, so I put that on the passenger’s seat, laid back and sighed as my partner went around and got in the driver’s seat.

“Damn,” he whispered under his breath again, and started feeling me up through my soaked pants. I was too exhausted to do anything in response except look over at him, but he met my gaze. “Don’t fall asleep yet,” he told me. “You promised to do anything I wanted!”

That’s where it stops being about omo so much, so that’s where I’ll leave it off this time. Hope you enjoyed!

*002*2021-01-02 15:30

Glad you liked it!

And this time, I did not have to get my post count up to avoid waiting for mods to approve my posts, so no reason not to post it all at once.

*004*2021-01-15 00:23

Of course! I was actually just about to write about one of my first solo experiences actually, haha

