Another ex wetting story (female)

Author: Ethi

*000*2019-09-29 01:57

Hey! I thought I'd write another story and see the reception on this one, this is the second and last story with my first omo loving ex, I have more with another ex to come! But this might be my last story for a while because I'm going through rough times, so I'll see how it goes and I might post again soon..

So this was a few months after the wetting story I wrote before, after that we had started doing omo together, we shared videos and we would see who could hold the longest, most of the time it was me, and she'd let go and soak herself, we loved sending videos and we were enjoying our young lives, experimenting with new things and new ways to omo!

Anyways one day she decided she would do a wetting with me, but.. we didn't know where we would, I asked her to wear grey panties because we learned grey = big dark patch. So we both drank a lot of water and decided to do a challenge, whoever peed their panties or boxers first would lose and the other would get to pee normally without any wetting, and I was determined to win and see her grey patch. We also decided if you leaked bad enough youd have to just let go and accept defeat. So I met her at her house and we started walking, and we both needed to go pretty bad, and just to make sure she was wearing grey panties under a white summer dress with pink flowers all over it. I asked her to flash me and she did, they were grey with little white hearts on them, absolutely adorable, I was just wearing plain grey boxers with a blue trim..

15 minutes into the walk:

We both needed to go, but we were holding up incredibly well, no bouncing groaning or clenched thighs, and we continued walking like we didnt even need to go

25 minutes:

She admitted she leaked a bit and when no cars were around she flashed me and there was a teensy little black dot right on her crotch and I laughed cheekily.. which I shouldn't have done because I leaked too..

30 mins:

She said she couldn't really go much farther, she did have a super small bladder after all due to her size, and she said she leaked again

"You might aswell just give up, I've barely even leaked, I only did because I chuckled"

"I'm gonna try my hardest, I'm doing my best here"

"When are you gonna let it all out? Hm?"

"Mm I've got an idea, and I'll admit you won, so go pee normally right now and follow me"

I nodded and went down into a ditch and peed a huge stream down into the ditch, I was so relieved of my piss at last, and I went back up and she had her fingers shoved into her dress and she told me to follow as she walked quickly with her thighs pressed together leaking just a tiny More she said

She lead me over to a park which was comple empty, and she looked for a good spot to pee and she saw a bench and giggled and sat on the end spreading her legs showing me all of her grey panties, I could see the patch wasn't big, it was about the size of half a golf ball

"Get a good view ethan, its gonna go everywhere and I'm gonna try to get the patch up to here, and alllll the way up the back" she teased me and put her finger right to the top of her panties and I nodded aanxiously aiting for it all to flow out of her.

She teased me by holding it for another little bit as j looked up, not even under her dress as as had it hoisted up all the way so I could see all of her panties and she squirted and giggled as I watched the patch go a smidge bigger and soon after that she bent down and watched the fluids flow quickly out of her, and her urine splashed into me and my shoes, her panties quickly became a dark dark grey, this time for some reason there wasn't any hissing, just faint 'pshh' noises as it soaked into her poor panties. 

She peed to a point where the patch wasn't going higher, so she leaned forward so the pee would continue to rise up and it did and I saw the patch very very quickly rise up to the top and then she laid back and let the last little bit go, I continued to now watch her dark grey panties glisten with yellow fluid and soon she stopped peeing and they stopped glistening and she relaxed and I looked and put my hands on her completely soaked panties and rubbed them and she whimpered a little more leaking out and onto my hands, the hearts were now a yellowish grey and the once light grey panties were super dark black.. and we sat there and talked for the next 15 minutes as she enjoyed her hot wet panties.

Hope this story was good.. I'm sorry for all this backlash I'm getting from the community, I hope not to offend y'all or trigger you anymore, and let's hope we can move on. Thanks omo community, thanks for reading!

~Ethan

*002*2019-09-29 11:25

{{1 hour ago, liesjeversteven said:

Sorry to hear you're going through a rough time. I hope things will get better soon.

I like the story by the way.

Love

Liesje

}}

I'm trying to pull it together, and thanks this might be the last story I write. Glad you enjoyed.

