I peed my pants in front of my best friends (at age 15)

Author: small-wet-kitt

*000*2017-07-15 13:25

I had an accident in front of my best friends at age 15

So just a little background, I have very bad anxiety and it prevents me from telling people when I need to use the bathroom, and if I have an accident it's the worst thing ever. I've never been able to laugh them off, I still get embarrassed about my accidents in kindergarten and I doubt anyone even remembers those.

I've never really enjoyed holding or having accidents, I only really like watching others do it. So this was not at all intentional. This was a bit traumatic but I figured some of you may enjoy my pain, so I'm posting it :)

I believe I had just turned 15 at the time. So at this point no one ever has accidents anymore, but I guess I'm just special that way :’) I was out with my two friends, for privacy reasons we'll call them Mackenzie and Kiara. Kiara is my best friend and we had been friends for about 5 years at this point. She was really good at helping me when I was anxious, she always went with me to order stuff and asked questions for me. Mackenzie and I had been friends for about 3 years but only really became close in the last 6 months. So she wasn't really aware of how anxious I got in situations like these.

We were in the car and Kiara’s mom was driving us, and her mom didn't really like me all that much. I knew she preferred Mackenzie so I hated hanging out like this because it made me nervous. Her mom was also really strict and the thought of having an accident around her made me shiver.

We had stopped to get drinks and my dehydrated ass drank the entire cup in like 10 minutes. I don't have a small bladder at all, but it fills up super fast. About 20 or so minutes later I had to pee.

I didn't ask if we could stop because I was nervous and pee shy. I figured we would be at the mall pretty soon and I could hold it till then.

I was wrong.

Another 15 minutes later and I knew I wouldn't be able to. I texted Kiara that I really had to go to the bathroom so she would ask her mom.

I guess she thought I was joking, because she sent back something along the lines of “we'll be there in 30 minutes, you can hold it ?”

I bit my lip and sent back “no I'm serious, I can't hold it any longer”

(Also we were texting because Mackenzie was sitting between us and I didn't want anyone else to hear our conversation)

When she read the text she asked her mom if we could stop somewhere because she had to use the bathroom. Her mom thankfully said yes, and a few minutes later she pulled up to a store.

I usually don't use the desperation scale, but I was probably at an 8.5 at this point. I had to go super bad, but I was trying to act nonchalant. I got out of the car and waited for Kiara and Mackenzie. Kiara’s mom stayed in the car while we went inside.

We went into the store and it was a big place, like a market. We had never been here so we hunted for the bathrooms with no luck. Finally we found a worker and they had to take us up to the register to get the key and then show us to the back of the store where the bathroom was. At this point I was at a 9 and I knew I had to get to the bathroom now or I would have an accident.

We made it to the back of the store and the way this bathroom was set up was weird. Basically you went into a little waiting room but there was just one stall. So Kiara waited outside since she didn't have to go, but Mackenzie, unaware of my situation, went in first.

I leaned against the wall and bit my lip hard. I had to go so fucking bad. My eyes were filled with tears but I blinked them away. I leaked a small amount during this time, but not enough to show a spot.

Mackenzie took like 10 minutes, and I was holding myself by the end of it. Towards the end, Kiara walked in and talked to me while Mackenzie was finishing. I guess she assumed I had already gone since we had been in there for 10 minutes. I was hiding my desperation, I still had my legs pressed tightly together but other than that I was acting casual. Finally Mackenzie came out but to my horror, Kiara said, “I'm gonna go real quick and then we can leave”

I didn't have time to protest because she had already walked in and locked the door behind her. I was dumbfounded and at a 9.5

Kenzie stood by me against the wall, and that's when I couldn't hide my desperation anymore. I grabbed myself and my eyes filled with tears again. I leaked a pretty large amount and this time it seeped through my tight jeans. I kept leaking small amounts during this time. I was panicking and I could almost feel an attack coming on. I started crying pretty hard while still holding myself and leaking for seconds at a time. Kenzie looked horrified at my situation and quickly ran to the door. She knocked on it loudly and said, “Kiara hurry up, Piper's peeing her pants.”

I don't know why, but her saying that made it so much worse. I guess it made the situation real. Finally Kiara opened the door and her jaw dropped when she saw the pee slowly streaming down my legs. I was still frozen with one hand desperately squeezing my crotch and the other over my mouth, trying to silence my sobs.

Kiara didn't wait a second and grabbed my arm and pushed me into the bathroom. I quickly shut the door and locked it, all the while pee was gushing down my legs and I couldn't stop it. I ran over to the toilet and tried to get my pants down, but my panicking made it even worse. My hands kept slipping and the jeans were too tight for me to pull down without unbuttoning.

I was still sobbing loudly and that made it hard to focus, and finally I just gave up. I sat on the toilet, pants still on, and peed what I had left into the bowl. It lasted for about 2 minutes and I was crying the whole time. I couldn't believe I had just had an accident in front of my friends.

When I was done, I wasn't sure what to do. My sobs had calmed to quiet crying and I was sitting on the toilet with pee still dripping from my jeans. I slowly got up and opened the door a crack.

Kiara was right there and immediately asked, “are you okay?”

I shook my head and said in a shaky voice, “c-can you get me my bag from the c-car?”

She immediately nodded. She glanced down at my soaked pants and her eyes widened a bit, but she didn't say anything. She left the room and as soon as she was out I felt the tears come back. I almost forgot about Mackenzie but she was standing to the side and said, “I'm so sorry.”

I nodded slowly and went back to the bathroom stall and shut the door. I looked in the mirror and started crying again. My pants were completely soaked from top to bottom and it was so obvious what had happened. I looked like a 3 year old who couldn't hold it.

A few minutes later, Kiara knocked at the door and said, “it’s just me.”

I opened it and she immediately pulled me into a hug. I was mortified and I felt like everyone knew I had the accident, even though I knew they would never tell anyone. I still had tears streaming down my face and I didn't know what to do. I pulled out of the hug and grabbed the bag from her. I locked myself in the bathroom and peeled off my drenched pants. I sat down on the toilet with my underwear still on and peed the tiny amount still in me. It may have been pointless but I wanted everything out of me, I wasn't risking another accident in front of them.

I used one of my makeup wipes in my bag to wipe down my legs and put on some new underwear and a pair of leggings I had brought. I had planned on staying the night but things were already awkward now, so I decided to go home early.

I put my wet pants in my bag and cleaned up my face, it was still splotchy and red when I left but I was hoping no one would point it out.

Kiara and Mackenzie were in the car waiting and when I got in they both spared me sympathetic glances. I turned to the window and put on my seat belt, still shaking from humiliation and anxiety.

The car ride was silent and her mom never said a word about my accident. She wasn't mad like I thought she would be and she even asked if I was okay after.

We went to the mall and hung out, but I was really quiet and had a lump in my throat the whole time. On the way back I was dropped off and lied to my mom, saying I came back early because I felt sick.

Later that night, Kiara sent me a long text saying: ‘Hey, I'm really sorry about today. I thought you had already gone and if I'd known you hadn't I would've let you go first. It's nothing to be embarrassed about, and I promise me and Mackenzie will never tell anyone. It's not your fault you couldn't hold it and I assure you anyone in that situation would've wet themselves too.’

Mackenzie also texted me saying: ‘I'm so sorry, I didn't know you had to go that bad. I won't tell anyone about your accident.’

This was about 2 ½ years ago and we're still friends, I don't think they've told anyone but I still get really embarrassed thinking about it. Hopefully some of you will enjoy my pain :')

*002*2017-07-15 19:16

{{2 hours ago, Bulmafan97 said:

Well I doubt any of us are enjoying the aspect of your shame and humiliation in front of your friends, but I suppose as a member of the site (welcome, by the way) you do understand our fascination with these accounts for various reasons and chose to share. I can relate to the pee shyness, I used to never like announcing that I had to pee and the idea of wetting myself for any reason terrified me. How I grew out of that is for another time, but all that said your story was well told and at least you have very understanding and good friends who made the experience not as unpleasant as it perhaps could be. Thank you for sharing with us and hope your future relationship with omorashi is all good.

}}

Yeah, I love omo just not participating in it publicly (although I'm no stranger to wetting in private). I'm lucky to have understanding friends. I don't mind if others are fascinated with my humiliation because at least something good came out of it ? Also thanks for the welcome :) I've been lurking for a few years but this is the first time I've posted anything

