When you were a kid...

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*000*2012-01-14 08:41

How did you prevent other kids from going to the bathroom?

I can remember doing this in elementary school, go into the empty bathroom a minute before recess and going into each stall, locking them and then climbing out underneath before standing by the sink and waiting for the girls to come in. I got to see alot of desperation that way, unless the girl looked under the stall and went under like I did in the first place. Another way was to promise to give them a new toy if they waited a few minutes, or telling the the bathroom was broken. I was an evil little kid, I have a bunch more. But anyways what did you do?

*005*2012-01-14 23:08

{{ 

Awesome! Can you go into more detail?

I had a friend when we were 7 and I was at my nan's house. We'd gone for a walk in the woods nearby and on the way back she was really bursting. I joked that she should just pee her knickers and change when we got back... she peed in them right there!

}}

What did you want more details on? The stall trick or everything else?

{{ 

Oh man, late night band trip bus rides.....

Back in high school, on two occasions, my best friend would ask me to wake her up when we got to the rest stops, and I would conveniently "forget".

Both times she got really desperate, and one time she told me she "went in her pants a little bit" :o

On one hand, I absolutely loved it, :D but on the other hand, I felt like a total jerk for doing that to her. :(

}}

Lol..thats kinda cruel but I cant judge

*011*2012-01-15 21:18

{{ 

Both, if preferable!

They're likely better than anything I ever did as a kid.

}}

Oh yea...I've got some regrets in a few of these stories, but here goes..

Ok I got the stall trick from when my friend used to do it, she didnt do it because she liked the desperation, she just liked making it hard for people. When I first did it, I stood by the sink pretending to wash my hands or sometimes I pretended I was in line too.

The girls would have to go really bad especially if I did it during the recess a few hours after lunch, hands were in the crotch and sometimes the least desperate girl would go for the playground teacher for help. Sometimes the teacher didnt come, and I actually saw a girl wet herself from it, I felt pretty bad after that and pretended to check under the stall and open it for the other girls.

When I was 11, we moved again, and we had these neighbors they were really sweet kids, but I was a cruel child....I still regret it, but I digress on to the story. They would come over to play over a house about 4-5 times a weeks or more, and regardless of the age difference between us. I was 11 the little girl was 6, my brother was 9 the little boy was 7, Her name was Kelly, since I was always with her she was the one whose bladder usually suffered.

I remember her saying I'm gonna use the bathroom and me going no wait I want to show you something, and her being younger got distracted and came back over. She would attempt to go a few more times, until she was litterally hands into her crotch, and she had to go super bad. I let her go because I didnt want her to wet and tell on me. One summer day it was hot and we decidied to have a waterballon fight, we were both inside the bathroom, filling iup the ballons and I guess the water was making her have to go. She got really desperate and was trying to push me out..but that wasnt happening finally she wet herself in front of me, I was so scared that she woud tell on me. I promised her a few barbie dolls I was gonna give her if she didnt tell. She quickly went home, and changed. There were alot of stories like that with Kelly, most desperation.

I have a few stories with her brother Frankie, only I almost got caught with him. He wet himself a little bit and it showed on his shorts one day and he went home and changed but his mom caught him and she saw his wet pants and wanted to know what happen. Our moms got to talking I was shaking my head at him holding up 10 fingers( I promised him 10 dinosaur toys) and he didnt say anything...That spooked me, so I stopped doing it to them.

The 2md wetting I remember I was 9, and I prevented this little girl from going ot the bathroom, until she wet herself standing next to the toilet. I got to see it explode out of her, literally stood in the doorway so she couldnt go, and I told her it was broken. After about 1 hour of desperation she threatned to tell my mom, and I moved the hell away,but I wouldnt let her pee in peace. She tried to close the door, I wouldnt let her, I kept it open to watch her, she struggled with her belt, and pants and she had them down, but she couldnt make it on the toilet, so she totally peed on the floor and herself. Once again my mom cleaned it up, but the little girl didnt tell on me...I dont know why they didnt...though.

*013*2012-01-15 22:42

{{ 

Damn Sev, that's devious.



Don't beat yourself up over it though, you were just a kid.

}}

A very cruel kid...lol if I remember this how do I know they dont either?

