Accidents I witnessed

Author: Nazca1

*000*2021-08-06 11:08

I have to start by saying that english in only my third language, and so I can't use it in a very proper way.

By the way, after a long period of lurking, I would lik to share with the forum the tales of the accidents I witnessed during my life.

I was 20 or 21 and I lived in a chaotic (but very inexpensive) borough that was the heart of the city's night life. It was full of bars, pubs, nightclubs and it was common to meet drunk people after 8 pm. One night, returning home, I ran into a girl wearing a miniskirt sat on the ground in a large puddle. She had clearly pissed herself but she wasn't fainted or asleep, she only had the dumb face of someone recovering after heavy drinking. At that time I was not into omorashi and so I was only embarrassed. So I ran away almost not watching her, but for some days I went on thinking that I had to help her because she could be sick.

Some months later, at 5 or 6 pm, I saw by chance from the window of my room a young man who was half hidden behind two big garbage cans. He was squatting and I thought that he was simply taking a dump en plein air. Not a great surprise in my borough. Next morning I took out the trash and, near the cans, I saw a pair of well-filled formerly blue male briefs. The guy had pooped himself and he had tried to clean up himself behind the dustbins. Also this time, I was not into omorashi and I only thought that I had to find a new room in a less messy and cleaner district of the city.

Many years later, I had to plan a work trip to East Africa and so I went to the vaccine centre of a great hospital for receiving all the vaccines I needed. After the vaccination I hat to wait for 30 minutes in the observatin room. In the room there was also a young girl who get vaccinated and that was really really nervous. When a nurse arrived to control us, she asked if she could use the toilette. The nurse answered that it was better to wait the end of the observation period. The girl said that it was not urgent but clearly it was. She started to writhe on her chair and she put an eloquent hand on her crotch.

She glanced at me and, realizing that I had perfectly understood her growing need, she felt herself obliged to say to me that she had a tremendous fear of needles and that now, after the vaccination, she was completely dazed and shaked (an euphemism to say that her bladder was near to play a fine joke on her). When the nurse returned to say that her observation period was ended, the girl literally flied to the nearest restroom grabbing her crotch with a hand. I didn't see any accident, indedd, but I'm pretty sure that she wet her panties a bit: it has been the best desperation I've ever seen in my life.

Dulcis in fundo, the best, the saddest and the most recent one. It was 3 or 4 am and, after a good night spent with my friends, I was at a bus station in the outskirts of the city waiting fot a bus in order to return home. I have to say that the city I live doesn't have an efficient service of public transport and, especially at night, it's common missing connections waitinf for a bus for many minutes.

So, while I was waiting a bus arrived in the opposite direction. Only a man got off, he was in his mid-thirties and he wore a dark shirt and white shorts. He was very handsome, too. When he came under the light of a lamppost I made the discovery: he had totally soaked his shorts. I was astonished and I made a big effort not to stare (too much) at time. I could see the unmistakable wet spot and also, on his butt, the line of his briefs. He did not look upset or embarrassed, he had only a sad and tired gaze. After 2 or 3 minutes, another bus arrived and the man simly took it, reaching the very west outskirts of the city. Obviously I was super horny but also very sorry for him and his embarrassing situatuion.

A little addition about the 4th accident. A month later, talking with a friend of mine who's a social worker, he said to me that the guys who work as dishwashers in the restaurants of the ciy centre have afwul job conditions. They have knackering work shifts and they don't have even the time to use the restroom. And moreover, for them it's very difficult, at night, returning home from the centre because the bus service sucks.

I feel so sorry. That poor guy had completely pissed himself after an unbereable working day, without using the toilet, and after a too long comeback to his home. Probably he pissed his shorts in order not to miss a connection and for returning home as soon as possible.

I'm sorry for this sad note, but in my opinion it was necessary.

P.S. I did not make a grammar check, forgive me.

*002*2021-08-12 10:19

I'm glad you liked them!

*004*2021-08-22 20:24

{{46 minutes ago, Windows XPee said:

Out of personal interest, what sort of white shorts did he seem to be wearing. I understand it would have been hard to tell, but from your best guess, were they trouser / chino style shorts - or more of a jogger / sweatpants shorts style? And was the dark blue shirt some sort of company polo or something?

}}

I don't remember the shirt, it was too dark. I remember that he was wearing white chino shorts and I clearly saw a pair of blue or black undies under them.

{{46 minutes ago, Windows XPee said:

He must have felt frustrated with himself from having an accident in his mid 30's, considering that's how most people would think.

}}

I'm still very sorry for that poor guy. He has all my sympathy.

