Wetting experience from a few years ago

Author: roguekitty

*000*2012-10-04 14:46

First, I'd like to say I really enjoyed writing about my first wetting experience and I loved the feedback I received from everyone. So, that encouraged me to try and think of another experience that I could share with the community. It’s been a little difficult to come up with a specific event that I remember in enough detail to make a good story. Fortunately, inspiration came to me when I was looking through some old pictures on Facebook and found a few of myself at a party from a few years back. The pictures themselves weren’t much, but they helped me recall a lot of what happened that night.

Anyway, I hope you all enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it.

This incident occurred when I was 18 years old. It was the summer after my first year in college and I was living with my parents in the suburbs. My parents, along with my aunt and uncle, decided to take a trip to Atlantic City for the weekend. Although I wasn't much of a partyer, my cousin, Katie, decided to take full advantage of the situation by throwing a house party. She lived only one block over from me, so I felt comfortable going over, drinking a little bit, having some fun and either crashing there or simply walking back home. Anyway, It was around 3am and the party had died down. The only people left were those few who didn't have a sober ride home and they were all passed out in various spots around the house.

So, there I was, alone in the pitch black living room, stretched out on the most uncomfortable couch in the world, still slightly drunk and completely bored. I tossed and turned for a while, too tired to walk home, but not tired enough to fall asleep. Then, I noticed that familiar pressure start to build up inside my bladder. The feeling of desperation always managed to make me feel just a little turned on. So, I decided I'd try and have a little fun. I closed my eyes and slowly relaxed my body, imagining the warm and wet feeling of pee pouring out of me and soaking my faded blue jeans. I only waited for a few moments before a tiny stream of pee squirted out, wetting the cute little pink and gray striped hipsters I was wearing. I let out a soft gasp and quickly grabbed my crotch and to stop any more pee from escaping. It was just enough to make my panties a little damp, but wouldn't show on my pants.

I smiled to myself, enjoying the warm sensation I created. Now, a little more turned on, I slid my hand under the blanket and first began gently gliding my hand over my belly. After a few minutes, I unbuttoned my jeans and slipped my hand inside. Using my middle finger, I gently rubbed myself back and forth over my wet panties. I started out slow, but my pace quickly escalated. I concentrated on the wave of pleasure building up inside me and didn't notice the quickening pace of my breaths that were unintentionally becoming audible. Suddenly I heard a noise and froze! I became paranoid that someone might have heard me. There was the sound of banging cabinets coming from the kitchen, along with hushed voices and giggling. The more I thought about it, the more I became convinced that someone was listening to me.

It must have only been waiting a few seconds but it seemed like forever. Finally, a couple emerged from the kitchen, kissing and caressing each other. They were too enthralled in what they were doing to even notice me. I breathed a sigh of relief as they made their way across the room and took a spot on the couch across from mine. Still frozen and trying to catch my breath, I suddenly realized what was about to happen right in front of me! I quickly button my jeans up, slid out from under my blanket and tiptoed out of the room. With the mood officially ruined and my sleeping area invaded, I decided there was nothing left to do but walk home. Before leaving the house, I thought about visiting the bathroom but promptly came up with a much more exciting idea. I sneaked into the kitchen one last time and gulped down a few glasses of water to aid in my growing desperation, then quickly exited the house and began my journey home.

The air outside was a little colder than I anticipated and caused a small wave of desperation. I clenched my legs together and waited a moment for the wave of desperation to pass, then started down the dimly-lit street toward the small wooded area at the end of the block. Our neighborhood was set up so that I could take a short cut through a small patch of woods at the end of the street that led directly to my back yard. The walk down the block was only about fifteen minutes, but my growing level of desperation made it feel like hours. I was still a little drunk and I had 'broken the seal' earlier, meaning I had to pee just about every five minutes.

So, by the time I got down to end of the road I was squirming! My hand was firmly placed between my legs and I was shifting my weight from one foot to the other. I decided to let just a little more out and alleviate some of the pressure. A small spurt came out and re-wet my panties. I immediately tried to strain my muscles and prevent the rest from pouring out! However, it was much harder than I expected and a few more spurts came out. I could feel the denim between my fingers begin to get a little warm and wet as the pee saturated my panties and began soaking through my jeans! Luckily, I was able to regain control. I felt myself blush despite nobody being around to witness my little accident.

It was too dark to see just how much I peed, so I shuffled over to the nearest street light and inspected the damage. It wasn't as bad as I thought, just a tiny wet patch on my crotch. But seeing the wet spot on my jeans and feeling the damp panties against my pussy was enough to put me back in the mood. As I took a few steps into the woods leading to my backyard, I thought about just letting go right there and rubbing myself to an dizzying climax. But I quickly decided against it. I was so close to my house and knew I could hold out just a little longer. My heart started to race with anticipation; Just a few more minutes and I'd be home!

It only took me a few minutes to navigate through the woods and find my way there. But then came the hard part: climbing the chain link fence into my yard. Normally, it was easy enough, but with my bladder as full as it was, I could barely even part my legs! After mentally preparing myself, I began the tedious task of climbing. It was agony, but I made it over without letting a drop of pee out. However, as soon as I was about to secure my foot on the rung on my way down, I slipped and toppled to the ground, landing right on my ass! As I hit the ground I felt a hot jet of pee shoot out and soak the seat of my pants! I gasped and grabbed my crotch! I only let out a little bit but I could feel the wetness that had started to pool at my butt. It felt amazing! Now that I made it into my backyard and was feeling really sexy, I finally allowed myself to let go. I relaxed my body and let more pee out.

I felt a forceful stream shoot out of my pussy soak my jeans and create a wet patch on my ass! I watched in amazement as the tiny wet spot grew until pee started escaping my jeans, forming a puddle beneath me. I willed myself to stop before I let it all out. Climbing to my knees, I stuck hand down my pants and inside my panties. I felt all wet and slippery from both pee and my pussy juices. I began massaging myself and immediately felt as if I was about to climax! I decided to slow down, wanting to savor the moment a little longer. I scanned the backyard, looking for a more comfortable place to enjoy the experience.

Finally, my eyes fell on the trampoline in the corner of my yard. I kicked my shoes off, climbed on the trampoline, then knelt down right in the center. That was definitely more comfortable than the hard ground. I closed my eyes and pulled my jeans up by the belt loops, causing the wet crotch of my pants to push firmly against my vagina. Then I once again relaxed my body, allowing the rest of my bladder to empty into my jeans. The pee poured out of my pussy with the most amazing hissing sound! It drenched the insides and backs of my thighs then soaked though the trampoline and trickled to the ground below.

I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down, just below my butt then began to vigorously rub myself through my panties. The mounting pleasure was almost more than I could bear! I put my head down and placed my face against the trampoline. I could feel the wetness against my cheek. Laying face down on the pee soaked trampoline, with my ass in the air, I began to rub myself as furiously as I could until the buildup of pleasure culminated into the most powerful mind-blowing orgasm! My knees gave out and my entire body spasmed! Unable to catch my breath, I lay on my stomach, completely covered in pee. My jeans, socks, shirt and hair, were all soaked.

Panting, I rolled over onto my back and lay there in peaceful bliss staring up at the stars, feeling the cool summer breeze on my wet skin and allowing the waves of pleasure to wash over me until I began to doze off. Finally, I dragged myself off the trampoline, picked up my shoes and lazily trotted into my house. Figuring that it was way too late to do the laundry, I stripped naked and placed my sopping wet clothes outside on the back of a lawn chair to deal with in the morning.

*007*2012-10-06 06:42

{{ 

What an awesome, well-written and detailed story! I really, really enjoyed reading it.

Particularly the parts where you were tempted to let it out, but then decided to wait ... and the part about climbing the fence and how that made things extra difficult.

Of course you know - the best way to deal with not remembering more experiences like that is ...go out and have more experiences. ;)

}}

@lmao I wish! Sadly, I don't get enough time to myself these days. Hopefully I'll get around to making a few new experiences though. :p

{{ 

One of the best stories I have ever read O.O Very detail and wunderfull written. Awesome :-)

}}

Just.. Wow, thank you! There's so much great writing on these forums I'm just really pleased you hold mine in such high regard.You definitely made my night lol.

Thanks, everybody, for all the awesome feedback! I swear, this has to be the most positive and supportive forum on the internet. <3

