Peed in my pants on purpose as a kid, first time

Author: scinosensation

*000*2016-05-09 23:12

I was in the sixth grade, about 12-1/2 years old. Our teacher took us outside for PE. During the softball game I played in the outfield along with 4 or 5 others. A ball was hit between another kid, a friend of mine, and me. I got to the ball first but fell down and he landed on me. I heard something snap. We got up and I had the ball and tried to throw it in but could throw it only a few feet. I didn't say anything to the teacher. When I got home I told my parents. They called a doctor who wanted my shoulder x-rayed. The county hospital had already turned off the x-ray machine for the day but then there was a traffic accident and they turned it back on. I got the x-ray and I had a broken collarbone. It got set and a plaster cast was put around my shoulders. While it was still painful it felt much better. I was finally able to fall asleep that night.

The next morning my mother kept me home from school. I had to use my right arm as little as possible so lots of things were hard for me. Just after lunch, before I went to the bathroom, my broken bone came out and the level of pain went way up. It was very painful to walk. I had to walk very slowly and tilted. I gave up on using the bathroom. My mother helped me into bed. My bladder was filling as the afternoon went on but I didn't want to bother my mother to help me get out of bed. Then my bladder filled to where I had to go really really bad. I called to my mother to help me out of bed so I could go to the bathroom. She said it was time for her to go get my three younger sisters from school so I had to wait. She would help me after she got back.

When she got back with my sisters they all went into the bathrooms then went to the living room. I called to my mother to help me. She said she was tired and would come in a few minutes, My bladder was painfully full. I sensed that I had to get to the bathroom very quickly. I thought OK if my mother won't help me she can't blame me if I pee in my pants, but I did not want ot get the bed wet. I had not peed in my pants for several years but had been fascinated by it. I tried to get up using only my left arm and not causing more pain in my collarbone. As I was trying to lift myself to a sitting position I suddenly felt very strong pressure and an amazingly good feeling as warmth spread at my crotch. I stopped it then stood up and another pressure wave came and this time I could not stop it but I was amazed at how good it felt as the forceful release spread warmth down my legs and a puddle grew on the floor.

I called to my mother and she said just I should go to her. I slowly walked to the living room and all my sisters saw my wet pants. My mother was reading the newspaper and asked what was wrong. I told her I wee wee'd in my pants. My mother's face turned bright red. She said things about how bad it was that I wee wee'ed in my pants and told me to go back to my room. When she got there she went to get towels and washcloths. She cleaned up the puddle then took off my wet pants and undies. She cleaned my then had me lie down on the bed. She then put on dry undies and pants. I felt more caring and affection from her than I ever felt before. Somehow I got the sense that she was pretending to put a diaper on me.

Although I was humiliated that my sisters saw that I had wet my pants the release felt so good that I knew I was going to get that feeling again.

