The Greatest Distraction

Author: IAmCrazy132

*000*2018-02-26 18:02

I love musicals. Hamilton, Dear Evan Hansen, Be More Chill, Wicked, Heathers, Les Miserables... I listen to the soundtracks on repeat! So when I heard that Hugh Jackman was starring in another musical, I had to see it. Les Mis was one of my favorite musicals of all time, and if you haven't heard it, you should do so immediately! In case you didn't know, a movie about PT Barnum was recently released in theaters. It's called The Greatest Showman, and takes quite a few liberties when it comes to his life, but the excellent music more than makes up for it! I went to see it by myself-my wife has a grudge against Zac Efron due to an incident involving High School Musical. She refuses to tell me what this incident actually was, but regardless, it made her miss out on a great movie! I ordered a large drink when I got to the theater, like a dumbass protagonist in every cliche omorashi story ever.

So I arrive at the theater. About halfway through the movie, I realized-"crap, I gotta pee!" I realized this as Jackman's character approaches Efron's character to offer him a job. I didn't have to go that bad yet, maybe 4/10 on the desperation scale. And then they started the next song. It's called "The Other Side", and it's very good, but I couldn't focus on anything except the choreography! They're both slamming whiskey shots every five seconds, and it just made me have to go more. By the time the circus troupe goes to meet the queen, my bladder was straining. When Jenny Lind started singing, I leaked for several seconds and started to panic a bit. The theater was crowded, so I couldn't pee into my now empty cup, and I couldn't just pee on the seat!

Unfortunately, I couldn't completely control it. When the movie finished, I had lost quite a bit. My jeans were soaked around my butt and crotch, so I wrapped my jacket around my waist to hide it. I don't know if anyone noticed or not, but I ran to the ladies room... and immediately left, because the line was way too goddamn long. I waddled out to my car, probably getting a few strange looks, and got in, crossing my legs tightly. I was freaking out at that point, because I knew I couldn't hold it until I got home, or even to another bathroom. But then I remembered-there were two towels in the backseat! They've been there for a few weeks, ever since my wife and I tried out the pool at the new gym nearby. (I actually have a story taking place there as well... but that's for another day ) I grabbed the towels and shoved them under me, then peed into them with a loud sigh. They were pretty thick, so very little got onto the seat.

I ended up going back to see the film twice more, because I had been so distracted!

