Waiting to hold it

Author: runsy

*000*2011-01-16 05:05

As a guy into omorashi, I've been always wanting my girlfriend to try it.

Well now she's currently so hot for me (and on her way home) that I get to have my way tonight. She's going to be holding it for a while while being tied up in my closet (her idea, she's always wanted to be tied up). I'm hoping shes going to wet herself, but she seems to have a cast-iron bladded.

I'm holding my bladder too, waiting for her to arrive. Tonight is going to be a fun night.

I plan on letting people know later exactly what happened. see you all tomorrow

*003*2011-01-17 07:11

To answer "Why in the closet": because part of her fetish is be locked up in some place for a while, secluded from everything else. It turns her on.

Anyways, now to the story.

She came home late in the evening, and I immediately grabbed a beer and a glass of water for her. She had coffee before coming home so that was giving her a little feeling. I had placed a towel on the floor of the closet and had the ties already set up, so I pulled her into the closet, and tied her hands together and up, then pulled away her leg and tied it further away from her, so she couldnt close her legs when she needed to hold it. Then I turned out the closet light, closed the door and left her.

Not 30min later, I hear a lot of groaning, and a "NO!" I opened the door to find a single wet drip rolling down her leg.

She was wearing a short denim skirt and a pink top, which I had chosen so I could see her struggle. I quickly removed the leg tie (because I want to see her fight until she can fight no more!) and let her squeeze her legs together. A few more drips were slowly trickling down her thighs, as she yelped from the new slow rush. Watching her struggle and try to hold it in was so intense. little by little her legs were getting wetter. She kept fighting, trying so hard not to pee herself, and single drops fell from behind her. each time she moaned, two or three drips, like tear drops, slid slowly down her leg. This went on for almost 10 minutes as her dribbling got more and more frequent. The towel was quite damp at this point, and I began to wonder if she had relieved enough to hold it longer. The a small burst fell and splattered on the floor. She quickly gasped and stopped it.

Some more dribbles followed, rolling slowly down her leg before another qarter second, short burst shot out. Then there was another burst, and another. slowly but surely, as her control was being lost as she fought to keep it in. the bursts didnt get any longer, but they didnt get any shorter. This was true desperation, where the fighter does NOT give up, even though they are losing their battle. The whole way through, she refused to simply give in and let it stream out.

Each burst left her standing in a bigger puddle, each burst made her wetter, each burst simply wasnt going to be the end, no matted how badly she wanted it to. finally, she had let out so many spurts, that her legs were completely soaked, and her bladder was partially empty. At least, empty enough to hold it for a while longer. This was enough for me though. Watching her wet herself as she struggled to maintain control was more than I could dream of. I untied her hands as she ran into the bathroom and sat on the toilet for almost 2 whole minutes, peeing.

I'm still amazed at her cast-iron bladder. no wonder why she never has accidents!

*005*2011-01-17 20:33

It's all confidence my friend. I was incredibly lucky to find her in highschool and we've been dating since then. I always thought I was not that great looking and I was alwyas goofy around the girls. I still am a huge video game nerd, I'm a programmer, and a bit of an otaku... so how I scored her love, I have no idea. but the key is to find someone you'd do anything for.

I say don't put yourself down, get up some confidence, go places you normally wouldn't go and attempt to meet new people. Find a girl who's attractive, but also not super needy/bratty/ high maintenance, and you'll be happy.

My tip to finding a girl, go to a club (if you're old enough) and do 25 "hit and runs" which is to say: Say one nice thing to 25 women, more of a compliment than a come on line. It'll help you feel more comfortable when talking to women, and build you nice guy points too.

Always shoot for the stars!

*010*2011-01-26 06:39

I'm glad people enjoyed the story. We tried this again a few nights later, except this time she got hammered. She had trouble standing up while being bound and was hurting herself on the ties. So I let her go and she passed out on the bed. Well, me being the devil I am, I got a warm bowl of water and placed her hand in it... to no real effect. I thought for sure I must be doing it wrong. I googled if the trick even works, only to find mixed results . So I loaded up water sounds on YouTube and played that with the hand in warm water. STILL NOTHING. Giving up, I climbed into bed with her, waking her up in the process as she cried "peepee!"

I lead her to the bathroom but the I sat on the toilet. I wAtched her squirm and saw the familliar glistening liquid roll softly down her leg. She kneeled and was pressing her crotch on her calves. Crying from the fullness of her bladder. Just then a large spurt splashed onto the floor. Then another. She began to moan and beg as another quick jet shot to the ground. She cried "nononono" but before I could get up, it all just burst out onto the floor. The sound was like a faucet on full blast, such a strong, shrill hiss with equally loud splattering. As it slowed to a stop, there was no dry ground on the bathroom floor quite literally. I cleaned her up, walked her back to bed, and began my long night cleaning up

