Trapped on the Motorway!

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2016-02-18 19:15

Today I was driving home from a training day for work. It was about a 2/3 hour drive and I left the place slightly needing to pee. I had been drinking plenty as it was free drinks provided all day so straight away I knew I would probably struggle to make it home.

However about 2 hours in (traffic had been terrible getting out of the city I was in and the roads were all busy) I was really getting quite full. I saw a sign for services. It said 2 miles to next services 38 miles to the services after. I tempted fate and ignored the first ones! Big mistake.

I got stuck in a huge traffic jam!! Basically not moving for over an hour. There had been a crash and the whole place was totally blocked. I was stuck! Trapped on a motorway with no towel under my bum and a near enough full bladder! The seat belt really wasn't helping as it squeezed my aching bladder.

I managed to hold for like the whole time I was stationary. I knew I wasn't going to make it to the next services, no way!. I made the decision to come off at a junction that looked pretty small. I was driving around holding my self and I managed to find somewhere to pull over. I planned to squat and relieve my self but the moment I stood up it stretched my bladder. I ran round to the other side of the car with pee flooding down my legs so I could hide from passing cars.

It felt like pure heaven! The relief was so welcomed after holding on the verge of wetting for so long. My pee flooded down my leggings and totally filled my ankle boots and overflowed onto the floor. I peed for near enough a whole minute. I even counted as I pretended to be messing with something in the glove box as I soaked my self uncontrollably.

Once I had finished I had to sort my self out. I grabbed my towel out of the boot ;) that I always keep just in case! And put it on the chair quickly. I took one of my boots off and balanced on the other leg. I tipped the pee out and shook my cute little bare foot dry and put the boot back on. I did the same with my other foot as well. I then drove the remaining 40 minutes back home with soaked legging and pee soaked cute feet in my boots :D

What a day I have had!! So much unexpected excitement!

Seeds x

*003*2016-02-19 16:48

It was very exciting :D I actually really enjoyed it and want to be in situations like that more but I don't want to risk totally wetting my self in my car. I don't think 1.4l of pee would be good soaking my seat and floor :(

I should wear diapers! Although it doesn't have the same effect on me as proper naughty wettings :(

