My girlfriend in Brighton

Author: ThatEnigma

*000*2017-07-12 21:12

So this is the same girl as mentioned in my previous story so I'll continue calling her Daniella. Daniella and I were going to Brighton with her family one day, I'd teased to her over the phone that I was going to make her hold it, she doesn't like the holding as per say but she loves it when I control and dominate her and the pleasure it gives me. I'd stayed at hers the night before and I was counting the amount of glasses she was drinking, she had had 1 glass of orange juice by the time we arrived (10 am).

We arrived at the car park and were about to get onto a bus when her mother said she needed the loo, she went and that's when Daniella expressed interest as well saying she wanted to go too. I very quickly whispered in her ear

"Are you sure you want to do that?" Which lead to her jumping and turning and saying

"I can hold it, don't worry." We arrived in Brighton promptly after, we saw a lot of random stuff, if you live in the UK you know how crazy it is there. I was still counting her drinks, she had had 1 orange juice, 1 large coffee, 1 bottle of water, some prosecco we had with out lunch and 1 milkshake. I was thinking to myself this girl has a bladder of steel as we walked around with no visible signs of desperation. Her parents left us alone and we walked around the pier and the beach, we saw another thing and then it was now around 19:30 when we were due to catch the bus. Now, this is when it started getting interesting, I noticed she started jigging on the spot and crossing her legs.

I asked her what was wrong and she said nothing as she knows I love it when she pretends she's absolutely fine, only in extreme cases will she start saying she has to pee urgently. We met up with her parents after stopping at another café, she had another milkshake as I'm assuming her urge was sort of slipping in and out of her head. I very obviously exclaimed after she had finished her drink that I really badly needed the loo and with that I left only to see the pained expression on her face as I went to the toilet.

I came back to find her sitting on the metal seat under the umbrella with her legs crossed, by now she has had 6 or 7 drinks and must be feeling desperate. I said we she meet up with her parents at the bus stop and she very cautiously got up, she had to grab her crotch very quickly and discreetly as she did so. We began walking over to the bus stop when I noticed this huge bulge, she was wearing a striped dress which really accentuated her figure and this was really prominent, she noticed I was looking and clutched her bladder which obviously didn't help.

As we arrived to the bus stop I noticed she was doubled over, I had to think quickly as her parents were worried, I told them she had stomach ache from what we ate for lunch and they believed me. She shot a dirty look at me, one of anger, fear but also horniness; she loves exciting scenarios like this.

To my luck and her dismay I looked at the next bus time. 25 mins. She almost cried out in pain she had to pee so badly, we sat down at the bus stop and she was crossing and uncrossing her legs. When her parents were looking away I would push her bladder and make her moan. She looked at me pleadingly as if to say "Please stop." I whispered sensually into her ear

"You wouldn't want to let me down now, would you?"

With that she crossed her legs tighter as she realised we had about 3 hours to get back home, she wanted to cry.

The bus arrived 25 minutes later on time, these were an incredible 25 minutes for me, she hobbled onto the bus and sat next to me still nursing a full bladder, her parents were lost in conversation when the bus stopped at the train station, we weren't originally planning on getting off here, we were going back to the car park but then Daniella yelled

"I CAN'T HOLD IT!" With that she ran off of the bus to the train station loos with us following quickly behind. I was panicked as I thought her parents might have figured out what was going on but they were none the wiser, they must've thought it had something to do with the stomach ache.

To this day I keep playing back Daniella running into the toilets borderline wetting herself, I fantasise of the torrent of piss that she realised and the sheer relief she must've felt.

That night when her parents had gone and I was at hers we had amazing sex.

Hope you enjoyed the story!

- ThatEnigma

*001*2017-07-25 15:43

Gonna bump this as I want to know what people think :)

