Little Early "Winter" Backyard Wetting (Video and Pictures linked)

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2020-10-30 23:25

I can't really say I'm a fan of snow, but I figured I would at least "celebrate" this change in season with a simple wetting. I didn't really load up beforehand so this isn't a gloriously full bladder burst or anything (I'm filling up for later and wanted to clear things out first). I put on some warm clothes and my snow boots and went out back to take care of business and enjoy a little bit of nature at the same time.

I might record more fun later tonight but not sure if it's cool to spam this forum...?

EroMe Link: https://www.erome.com/a/AtHVQN5y

*002*2020-10-30 23:36

I'm definitely working on a full bladder as I type this, and will hold until I can't hold any more. Might add it if it turns out alright. Not sure whether it calls for a new topic or just to post back to this one.

Think I'm at a 9 now...gotta get set up.

*004*2020-10-31 00:36

Only got a few seconds in. I will be better next time!

*006*2020-10-31 00:38

Yeah. Gonna shower first then comb through what I got.

*008*2020-10-31 05:54

Took forever to encode, but I posted it in the Video Links and Uploads forum. Enjoy!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/63245-full-bladder-desperation-wetting-oc-video-and-pictures/?do=embed"

%https://www.erome.com/a/JA8sYlU4

*010*2020-11-02 10:51

{{18 minutes ago, Snowpants said:

@H2NCONH2

. Great experience. Winter is my favorite season for so many reasons. My favorite one is that I can slip on my snowbibs or snowsuit, go outside, and have a full on wetting and no one will know what I have done. With thickly insulated snowbibs my piss will stay warm for some time. Rewetting helps keep the warmth going.

}}

Yeah one thing I really want to do – and almost ended up doing before Covid – is go to a ski resort and pee under the snowbibs for exactly the same reason. So tempting.

