Wetting behind the hall

Author: Rain Grey

*000*2011-09-11 22:18

When I was about 16, I went on a trip with the girl guides to a wildlife reserve. The bus ride back was pretty long through rush hour traffic. I was sitting near the back, and about halfway back to the guide hall I noticed one of the other girls, Kerry, in the seat a couple of rows ahead was fidgeting and shifting around.

Kerry was a natural bleached blond, short, but petite, you know. Not an ounce of fat on her. Cute too.

So I'm pretty keen to see this. I keep an eye on her, and I notice her leaning her head in to talk to her friend so no one can hear...which totally confirms my suspicions. She's obviously near her limit.

I watch with great interest for the rest of the ride, enjoying the squirming, and hoping it will lead to something. But alas, the bus gets to the guide hall uneventfully. So I decide to follow her, and of course the bus is packed so everyone is trying to get off at once. Kerry stands up to get off, but other people are pushing past and she can't get into the aisle. I can only see her from the back, but as she stands up she kinda twists a bit. She tries to make it look like she's just stretching, but knowing her predicament it's clear she's covering a bladder spasm. She kind of half leans over, and her legs go really stiff, first one, then the other, and her hand really quickly jumps to her crotch. She tries to make out like she's adjusting her dress, but it's obvious she just lost control slightly.

Anyway, Kerry sits back down really fast, and doubles over in her chair, her hands jammed between her legs. Her friend, a really pretty brunette whose name I forget (Lisa maybe) is still standing, watching the aisle for a chance to get out.

I'm just pretending to wait for everyone like they are, really waiting for Kerry. So Lisa sees a break because I'm not getting up, and quickly pushes Kerry out into the aisle and out the door. I follow post haste.

They head straight for the toilets, but I guess I underestimated the length of the bus ride, because there's already a queue! I'm in rapture. No relief for Kerry. Not that I wanted her to suffer, but it was just so hot watching her trying to hold on.

Kerry gives her friend this look, like, No way, this isn't going down like this. And they both quickly rush out again. I follow at a more sedate pace, pretending I'm just stretching my legs with a little walk. No one is paying any attention anyway.

I follow them around the side of the hall, where there's this secluded grassy spot against the wall, out of view because of trees on either side. I pretend I'm just going for a wander, and can just make out murmured talking, and then the unmistakable sound of pee hitting dry grass really hard!

So I'm like, no way I'm missing this, the hell with it, and I keep walking, coming around the tree. Lisa is standing watch, and Kerry is legs apart, back to the wall, half crouched down with her panties around her ankles, a stream of pee pouring out from under her dress.

Lisa sees me immediately, but Kerry is looking the other way, and Lisa goes, "Kerry!" in this kind of hissing whisper. Kerry looks around and spots me instantly, and goes bright red, and reflexively jerks upright, pulling up her panties mid stream. But she obviously has to go REALLY bad, and she has trouble stopping...plus by pulling up her panties so fast she accidentally pulls up the hem of her dress as well, so I get a great view of her now-panty-covered crotch, with pee still spurting out of it in a kind of ragged, spasmodic stream.

I just stand there, staring, pretending to be completely surprised. Honestly I was a bit surprised...I guess I just never expected to really see this. I think my jaw literally hung open...I was just like, whoa!

Kerry is standing utterly rigid, legs slightly apart, every ounce of strength obviously concentrating on stopping that pee coming out. She realizes her dress is hiked up, and quickly drops it down so I can't see her panties any more. Then in this kind of breathless, shuddering voice she says, "What do you want...go away!"

Another spurt of pee hisses audibly out of her, and jets out between her legs.

I honestly have no idea what to say. I am just...my head is buzzing, like I don't really have any idea what's going on any more. I'm just so excited. So I say, "What?"

Then Lisa (I wish I had friend as good as Lisa!) takes me by the arm and physically walks me away while pee is still squirting through Kerry's panties and spurting down between her legs.

I feel so bad for Kerry I don't even try to resist. Lisa gives me this look, like, "Fuck off," if you know what I mean. So I just keep on walking. I wish I could have just stood there forever watching Kerry lose control, but alas, some things are not meant to be...

*002*2011-09-12 02:04

{{ 

Damn! I wish i'd gotten this lucky in school!

}}

There was another time in primary school involving a different girl that I'll write about soon :)

