Movie Theater Wetting #2

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-03-23 05:26

I've been scouring my mind for stories to post. And last weekend this eventful thing happened, so I wrote about it.

Today I went to see a movie with my three younger cousins (eight, five, and three), their Mom went to run some errands while the movie Zootopia was on. The eight and three year old are boys, the five year old is a girl. Clearly I didn't think about peeing while we were eating at the restruant before the movie.

Then at the actual theater itself, I couldn't think about sparing a second to go pee because I had to keep up with the kids. The movie was in 3D, which they loved, and I'm happy that they were so engrossed in it.

The urge that had been accumulating for about an hour or so was now getting progressively worse. I thought about just taking a few minutes to run out to the bathroom, but I didn't want to risk loosing them or them running off. So I stayed put, and about thirty minutes in was really regretting it.

Sometimes I feel like all the pee is sitting at the end of my urethera, like just the tiniest bit of force or jolting could make it all spill out. Other times I just feel like a bricks are on my bladder, but my muscles do a good job of keeping the liquid in.

Today, it felt like both. There was this immense pressure, plus I could feel the urine fighting its way down. The only way to get rid of the pressure was to push my bladder muscles, but then the pee would be coming out. I looked over at the children, and almost dashed out to go, or hoped one of them would need to. Then the five and eight year old started arguing loudly over candy, there was no way I could leave them.

I stuck my thighs together like glue, pressing so hard they practically ached. I was watching a freaking police bunny talk to a fox and trying to hold back my pee.

Oh great, now find the freaking panther and get this movie over with. The bricks started piling up on my bladder more quickly. I crossed one leg over the other. My hand went to my bladder, I was trying to support its weight, but in the long run I think I just put more pressure on it. I took a deep breath in, and my bladder seemed to spasm at the same time. With lightening reflexed I uncrossed my legs and stuffed my thighs together as close as they could possibly get.

I was so close to leaking, could this movie go any slower. It was actaually a good movie, but I just needed to pee so bad.

With gritted teeth i somewhere managed through the rest of the movie. In the end I stood and gravity took over, as I lost the first bit with tears almost in my eyes I held back the rest. As soon as it was over the kids scampered off to the arcade center and started begging for money. I gave each five dollars, and asked if they needed to go to the bathroom first. The bathroom was within sight, just across the room. My underwear wear already wet, and I could feel my muscles failing me. Like after you stretch a rubberband out so much it won't go back the way it was before.

"No, but will you play air hockey with me?" The girl asked.

"I want you to play basketball with me," The younger boy said.

I stomped my feet just the slightest bit, and squeezed pretty hard. Then I went to play basketball and air hockey.

Before they could finish using their quarters, maybe four minutes later, their Mom called and told me she was parked outside.

I met her out there, suprised that it was not that hard to walk, she paid and thanked me, they gave me hugs, and I got in my car as they drove off.

As soon as I set down all my focus went toward my neglected bladder. My urge to pee was unimaginable, and unbearable. I could try to get back into the theater but it was at least a football field away or more. I knew I couldn't make it home. My hands were keeping the torrent back but, ahh. I could hear and feel it in my head; the hissing sound of the stream hitting the white bowl. The strength of the stream shoving its way out my body at maximum speed, at full force. I twisted back and forth in my seat. I was about to pee in my car, for only the fourth time ever.

Oh, oh god. It was coming. Even with my hand standing there it was coming. I shoved the key in the ignition, and rounded toward the back of the movie theater. I slammed the car into park and made sure there was no one in sight, anywhere.

I got flashbacks of my Mom when I was seven. She was drunk, really drunk(she an alcholic) at the movie theater and we were with my Dad. He had noticed her drinking when she got up and was stumbling down the stairs. So we got her outside, and we left her by the side of the building to go back in and get my sweater while he called someone to pick her up.

When we came back out she had her pants halfway down and was peeing, I had to help her pull them back up.

But now was no time to think about that because I seriously milliseconds away from peeing my jeans. I hopped out of the car and went to the area between a dumpster and my car. I hadn't peed squatting since I young.

I unbuttoned my jeans with one hand and in the process pressed a bit on my bladder. It protested by further letting out a second long stream. I moaned from the relief I could feel that was so close. With one graceful motion I pulled my jeans down and grabbed the side of my underwear to pee out of.

Ohh.. that was the best kind of relief I had felt in a long time. I typically don't pay attention to how long I pee, but with full force it last over 45 seconds, which is rare for me even when my bladder is full. My underwear wear wet, but my jean were unscathed. After that I went to Walmart.

*005*2016-03-25 04:38

{{ 

What were the first three times you peed in your car?

}}

One of them I have posted, i didn't actually pee in my car, but it was a close call and i counted it. The others may be future stories

*007*2016-03-26 20:55

{{ 

Similar thing happened to me going to the movies. I like to hold it and try and make it hope, but so desperate I started going driving home, not enough to get seat wet but a big wet spot on jeans, made it home and out of my car before I lost it in driveway and soaked my jeans. it felt so good.

}}

I actually have soaked myself in a drive away in a different story called on the way home I think.

