Home accident

Author: ilovethesea

*000*2016-04-27 20:56

Hi guys,

Last year I was sharing a house with four girls. Just saying, cool right? Well not always. Like this time I'll share with you now.

It was a hot summer day, and I had been out all night (working) so I arrived home in the morning really exhausted. As always I went directly to bed for a few hours rest before classes. While at work I usually drink tons of water, I guess it somehow helps staying awake or at least makes me feel fresher, also is a good way to avoid headaches, to keep hydrated. I used the bathroom before leaving work, so I knew I didn't have to use it before sleeping, I wasn't even going to sleep that much anyway so as I said, directly to bed.

Suddenly I woke up bursting, like my bladder hurting but I was dead inside, half asleep and I though 'maybe I can hold a bit longer if I simply focus on resting' and I went back to sleep. I woke up a little later, and decided to go to the bathroom. I got up, every movement super uncomfortable, got dressed (as I said, only girls in the house) and went to the bathroom but before I got to my room's door, I heard the girl from the room in front of mine opening the door, walking to the bathroom, and closing the door - which was right in front of my room's door itself.

'OK', I thought, 'let's hope it's fast'. Then I heard the shower and I knew I was fucked. I mean, I was already into wetting, watching videos and reading stuff, but I had never had the experience myself yet. Apart from that one night out, but that was on a different level, the way I see it. So there I was, hopping for the best. And I gotta say, peeing yourself in a house you share with four other people isn't what you really want to do. Not me at least, given that I never told anyone about this fetish.

I already knew our shower takes its time to warm, I knew she usually also took her time in the bathroom, so I knew I had at least a solid 45 minutes wait ahead of me. In all my discomfort I tried to find what to do, I turned on my hi-fi, my laptop and started working on a paper I had to get going, but sitting still wasn't helping on my bladder. At a point I was just walking from one side to the other in my bedroom and texting my girlfriend (now ex) explaining what was going on. She told me to pee in the kitchen sink - of course I thought of that - but it was a disaster, the whole week dishes were there and besides, if one of the girls walked in on me wetting in the sink they cook, come on.. it's probably not that cool.

So we were just talking about this and then she said it 'look if you gotta go, don't be in pain, just go, how messy can that be!?' (she didn't know about my fetish yet, I actually used this situation to tell her after). I said 'I'm not just gonna piss in my room's floor' and she said 'don't, piss on the carpet by the bed and then you wash it' but I knew there was going to be a lot of pee and a carpet would mean nothing, I didn't want to get pee under my bed, that would be a challenge to clean, my bed was kind of stuck to the floor, the whole of it. Then I started feeling little drops of pee coming out and I grabbed my dick really hard (as I used to as a child - for later) and I have no idea how much time spent at this point, the 45 min for sure had.

I texted her 'she didn't even stopped showering yet, I think I'm gonna piss myself, this is becoming unbearable' to what she responded 'just do, don't be in pain, go on a towel, at least half of it will be in your clothes and the rest won't escape from the towel'.

And yes!! That was an idea!! I prepared everything just in case. But having her telling me to piss myself kind of made me horny (which actually eased the whole thing a tiny bit) so I asked (trying not to give me away too much) 'yeah, what would you even think of that!!?' and she told me that I kind of didn't really have much more options, as long as nobody saw me taking everything to the washing I should be fine, and as for her, she was having her fun with all that. Damn that got me going, but being discovered by my housemates wasn't an option and I heard the bathroom door. So as I wasn't so in pain any more because of my half boner, I still took the time to text 'she's out, going in for the kill!' and as I stood up I fell piss coming out of me. I grabbed my dick again, didn't dare to move, it suddenly got pretty serious. I was in my room, incapable of moving, crazy to go pee, and already with a patch on my shorts.

As I tried to grab myself harder and walk to my door, I felt a bigger dis-control on my boxers and shorts and I stood still again. Now I was on my towels moving up and down, trying to find the strength to get to the toilet, and I probably just made it impossible with this movement, cause when I finally reached for the door with my already wet hand, having the other one grabbing my dick, my bladder completely gave in and a big stream of piss completely soaked my shorts and made a puddle on the floor. I couldn't really stop it, I was wetting myself beside my bed and my room's door.

The towel were on the other side of the room (away from the bed and the door, for obvious reasons) and I walked to them, half wetting myself, half holding it in. Then I just laid on the towel and stopped trying to hold it in. I finally just let go and pissed all over. It took some minutes too. First, maybe because of so much holding, no idea, I couldn't control my pee but it was like it didn't want to come out either. Then I finally felt a firm warm thread on my shorts and shirt.

The towel wasn't much of a great work either, my carpet was half wet, I had pee on my floor, and I decided to just lay there for a while until all was over and I laid until I heard nothing in the house.

They all had left to work or classes and I had cleaning to do. I texted my girlfriend saying I peed all over myself and that I was going to clean it 'now'. She asked me for pics, I was wet to my neck, and told her why. She thought all of it was just hilarious. I proceeded to clean everything in my wet clothes and then jumped in the tub, jerked off and showered in my clothes (to give a pre cleaning, then I finished showering without them) apart from the pics I sent her, there are no other records of this, and as we're not together at the moment, she probably didn't keep them either.

But I would be glad to share more of these stories. Eventually pics or vids, as I recently started to pee myself if my roomate (also a girl) is out for the weekend or something.

You guys let me know if anyone is interested!!

Thanks for reading.

