Just had the weirdest experience

Author: liesjeversteven

*000*2021-12-03 15:57

Hi all!

I just had the strangest experience wetting myself in a way that's never happened before.

Yesterday afternoon I got my booster shot with the Pfizer vaccine. I knew from the first round that my reaction can be quite extreme so I took the day off. I was sitting at the computer upstairs in my home office, doing a bit of work anyways, because, well, you can and maybe should? I'm strange like that...

I have been feeling quite under the weather so I'm happy I took the day off. I have a bit of a fever, the chills, aches all over. I suppose I have a good immune system... At least I hope...

I didn't have to pee at all, just typing some emails. Suddenly I went from a 0 to a 9.5 on the desp scale in about 10 seconds. So I get up from my chair, start making my way downstairs to go wee, and I'm not even halfway there when I started peeing myself full force. My girlfriend saw me enter the living room with pee pouring down my legs but it was waaaay too late already. I had no control whatsoever. My yoga pants (it's what I like to wear when working from home) were soaked and I was literally leaving a trail of pee behind me. By the time I actually made it to the loo I was all but empty.

Now, my control isn't the best in any situation, but something like this has never happened to me before. I really hope this was a one time thing. I don't want anything like this to happen to me ever when not home...

Has this happened to any of you before? Did any of you have this strong a reaction to vaccines? Is this normal? I'm a bit worried.

Love

Liesje

*011*2021-12-09 13:56

{{1 hour ago, DesperateJill said:

I had the moderna vaccine and I had bad reactions both times. The first time I ended up right back in the hospital because I just got out of the hospital two days before so I probably just had a weakened immune system, but then the second time I felt sick all night but luckily I didn't end up back in the hospital. My arm hurt for many days afterwards to the point where I could barely move it but I never had any problems related to urination or anything like that that I can remember.

}}

It appears to have been an one off thing, so I'm not worried anymore.

