Work Meeting Desperation

Author: Despguy123

*000*2018-12-06 17:54

I went to Germany for a business trip a few weeks ago and was lucky enough to see a couple of really good desperation sightings.

During an all-day meeting, as we got close to the lunch break I noticed that the stunningly beautiful Bulgarian woman sat next to me was starting to fidget in her seat. It was around 12pm, the meeting had started just before 9am and I had not seen her leave the room once, despite the large cup of coffee and several glasses of water she had been drinking. There had been a short 5 minute break called at around 10.30am and she did not take the opportunity to use the loo, but instead helped herself to another cup of coffee. She was a tall, slim brunette woman, about 30 years old, dressed smartly in pencil skirt and heels, quite a senior team manager, and I was finding it hard to take my eyes off her and she squirmed in the chair, crossing and uncrossing her legs and occasionally sighing under her breath as the meeting dragged on.

The lunch break was scheduled for 12.30pm but the meeting was overrunning, and by now the woman next to me was clearly absolutely dying to go to the loo. She was sitting now watching the speaker intently but kept looking up at the clock, her legs tightly crossed and bouncing her foot up and down, hands resting in her lap pressing down slightly. Her bladder was clearly achingly full and her tight pencil skirt probably didn't help, but despite her fairly obvious need to relieve herself she seemed hesitant to leave or interrupt the meeting, perhaps because she was one of the presenters and she didn't want to look unprofessional. However, after another ten minutes the meeting was still going and the bursting lady was clearly at her limit. She was sitting right at the edge of her seat, legs uncrossed but jiggling up and down and squeezing her thighs together, her hands pressing down hard in her lap and occasionally running them over her thighs.

It was now 12.45pm, and she had been in the meeting room for 4 hours without a loo break despite all of the coffee and water she had been drinking, and she obviously couldn't wait a second longer. The poor woman was absolutely frantic to pee. Blushing slightly, she stood up quickly from her seat and announced quietly in a lovely Bulgarian accent "Sorry, I really have to go to the bathroom", before walking quickly out of the room. I heard her hurrying down the corridor, her heels tapping loudly on the floor, almost jogging in her haste to get to a loo. She came back in a couple of minutes later, quite red faced but smiling, obviously happy to have finally had chance to pee after sitting there absolutely bursting to go for hours.

The next day I was sitting in yet another meeting that went on for the whole morning. It was around 10.30am when I noticed that the gorgeous slim blonde German woman sitting next to me was getting very fidgety as the meeting dragged on. She was in her mid to late 20s, wearing tight jeans and ankle boots, and could hardly sit still as the minutes ticked by. I had shared a cab with her from the hotel that morning, leaving at about 8.00am and coming straight to the meeting room after arriving at the office. She had poured herself a large cup of coffee and several glasses of water over the last couple of hours and had not left the room once, so was clearly starting to feel some pressure in her bladder. As the meeting dragged on she was starting to squirm in her seat with her legs tightly crossed, pressing her thighs together and bouncing her legs rhythmically.

By the time it hit 11am her cheeks were flushed and she was fidgeting so much that she was almost bouncing up and down in her chair, and was crossing and uncrossing her legs and shifting position every couple of minutes. The 1 litre glass bottle on the table in front of her, which she had been steadily pouring herself drinks from as the hours passed, was totally empty by now, and clearly her bladder was almost at maximum capacity. It must have felt like it was about to explode. I'm sure the tight fitting jeans she was wearing didn't help her predicament, and she must have been absolutely longing for a break to be called so she could run to the ladies and relieve herself.

Sure enough, just after 11am the woman chairing the meeting asked us if we'd like to have a short 5 minute break. The desperate woman next to me nodded and said 'Yes!' straight away, immediately standing up from her seat. She laughed and bobbed up and down on the spot as she picked up her phone from the table. 'Sorry, too much water!' she said, smiling and rosy-cheeked, before hurrying straight out of the room, her boots clicking loudly as she rushed frantically down the corridor towards relief. A couple of minutes later I walked out of the room towards the toilets and saw her coming back the other way, and she smiled at me and said Hi as we passed in the corridor, looking very relieved after finally getting to pee after waiting for so long.

