The time at the chess tournament

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-05 14:55

A number of years ago now my dad played chess in local and National tournaments. He taught me to play and in high school I would go after school to chess club. During my exam years I didn’t go as much butt continued to play at home regularly.

One evening my dad was going as usual to the club he ran. He had been telling me all week that it was a tournament night against another chess club. Although I hadn’t been to the club for a few years I was still a member so when someone cancelled last minute due to being ill my dad asked if I would take their place.

So that evening I came home from university, had a quick dinner and drink and packed some water and went with my dad. The tournament was being held in a local Catholic high school which I had never been in before. Being a tournament the games all needed written down and every game was timed. It was done in rounds where everyone started and then slowly some were eliminated.

The hall was warm and I had finished my bottle of water by the time the first round was done but then it was right into round 2. Once a game started that was you stuck. Around half way through this second game I was aware I was needing to pee but concentrating on the game helped me not think about it too much. I was amazed I won again and then after just a quick pause I was set up with yet another opponent. I hadn’t had a minute to find the toilets first.

During this third round my need kept building. I could feel myself wriggling more and changing position in my seat and I must have been sweating as a team mate walked past and sat water out for both myself and the other player. I drank that quickly as it helped me concentrate on my game. It don’t help my bladder though and as that game progressed I was getting increasingly uncomfortable and discreetly squirming. Of course people were watching us play so I couldn’t hold myself or anything but I was moving in the chair and tapping my feet so much. Incredibly and amazingly I won again and I was through to the semi finals!

But the evening was moving on I had to move right away onto another game. By now I was tired and bursting for the toilet! Even though more people were watching me play I couldn’t hide my need as much now and at one point I was standing playing as I leaned forwards. I alternated between sitting down and standing as I write down every move both myself and my opponent made whilst desperately trying to hold my pee. We weren’t supposed to chat at all so I didn’t feel I could say anything but I was sure everyone watching must have realised that I really needed the toilet by this point. 

As the game progressed I remember sitting on the edge of the seat bent forwards and rubbing my belly longing to hold myself so badly. I could feel my urethra hammering against my underpants ready to burst any second but I had no choice but to keep holding on. Of course my concentration was wavering now and it was affecting my play so I could tell that I was going to lose. People watching were making vocal sounds like ‘owwww’ and ‘grrr’ whenever I did a silly move but i honestly couldn’t focus on the chess as much because I was so distracted by the fact I was absolutely bursting for the loo!

By this point I was obviously squirming and moving from foot to foot standing and sitting and even at one point kneeling on my foot because I couldn’t sit still. Of course I lost and after a few ‘oh no’s’ from those watching I recorded the final checkmate moves on the pad, shook hands with the other player and then pushed the chair in and reset all the pieces. I had no idea where the toilets were in the school so I looked around to find my dad but he was still playing so I went out to the corridor to see if I could find a toilet.

After looking up and down and jiggling about desperately I saw someone from the chess team. I was embarrassed but I went up to Barry, who was a middle age professional man and asked if he had any idea where the toilets were. He struggled and said he didn’t but looked at his watch and said we had to be out the hall in less than half an hour so we’d have to leave soon. I was too embarrassed to go back into the hall where others had been watching me squirm and dance about while playing so I stood in the corridor with Barry and a few others trying to hold on as best I could.

After over 15 minutes of dancing about, pacing around and looking everywhere for a toilet I finally saw an older man who looked like a janitor with a huge bunch of keys. He looked into the hall and then walked right past me. I ran after him and once through a set of double doors I stood there dancing and squirming asking if he could show me where the ladies toilets were. I think he could see it was an emergency as he walked down the door odour more until he unlocked a door for me and I thanked him as I ran in and peed loudly and long.

It was only when I sat on the toilet I noticed that my underwear was really damp where I had been leaking slowly as I tried holding so long. I can still remember the relief like it was yesterday! I would never have made it to the end of the other games had I got to the final!

*002*2021-06-05 15:10

{{6 minutes ago, nappypants said:

I’ve got back into chess online recently, if I ever play a “face to face” tournament again I think I’ll opt for nappies!

}}

They can go on for hours but it’s a great game. Nappies are’t something I’d really consider mind you. I just need to get more used to holding on if I ever play competitively again!

*006*2021-06-05 21:56

{{59 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

Watching ones opponent being that desperate.. would seriously impair my performance!!

}}

To be truthful if my opponent was as desperate as I was I would be struggling to play too

*015*2021-06-24 10:18

{{On 6/21/2021 at 9:39 AM, buddy said:

Mbgpeelover you and your stories are the best. Thanks and please keep on writing

}}

Thank you so much. Your comment has really cheered me up.

