I wet myself on a train

Author: Jonnaywets

*000*2021-12-18 15:34

Sooooo as the title states I wet myself in a train but not on purpose or because I couldn’t find a bathroom…. So here’s what happened. I live near a major city and one of my friends who I haven’t seen in a while is visiting said city. We went to a sports game and had a couple drinks. After the game we went over to a bar or two, same old stuff nothing too exciting and I am just a little bit buzzed but no matter the level of drunkness that I am, there is always the risk of wetting the bed.

It just seems to happen to me when I drink these days. Anyways!! The night is over and I make my way all the way back to the train and I sit in my seat, put my head phones in, sit back and relax for my trip home. I could feel a slight urge to pee but nothing I was too concerned with the train unfortunately does not have a bathroom but I could make it an hour easy. It’s the middle of the night and the train is basically empty except for a couple of people in the car with me and I start to get a little drowsy.

The conductor comes by and checks my ticket so that basically gives me the green light to fall asleep for the remainder of the trip. And I do just that, I am snoring away and I am going to guess that the loud pitter patter of my urine splashing in the ground is what woke me up. Or it could have been the fact that my seat started to feel like a heated seat, or maybe a horrible combo of the two!! In any case I wake up in horror of what is unfolding right in my lap!! I look down and see soaked navy blue chinos and I feel pee pooled up under my butt and I am totally just peeing my pants in a quite train car with other people in it who are now also alerted by the pitter patter of my pee hitting the floor. I posture up but remain in my seat and look down!!

And say an Audible, shit!! I already must have completely emptied my bladder because I wasn’t going anymore but gravity continued to sabotage me and the reminder of the pee that was on the seat continued to drip down and now I to make matter worse the train starts to slow down and the puddle underneath me starts to travel down the floor of the train car towards the other people. And in a panic I stand up and just get the heck out of the train car. I just keep walking and walking and one my shoes must have absorbed some pee because one of them was making a squishing sound with every step. I was about half way home at this point so I still had like a half hour to go in this ride so I find another seat and just sit with my jacket on my lap wide awake because my adrenaline took over and I just ride the rest of the way soaked pants and all. Thank GOD this happened at night and not during peak hours when the train is packed with people!! The end!!

*002*2021-12-19 14:44

{{18 hours ago, j2319 said:

That is a total kool story man. Sorry it happened but happy your shared it with us.

}}

You don’t have to be sorry! While it wasn’t planned at the moment and I was started. I love when accidents happen because I can think back bout them

