A new accident procedure

Author: kochel428

*000*2017-12-22 19:35

So I've been trying to figure out a way to reliably get to a real, uncontrolled accident for a long time. I don't know that I'm quite one of those "bladder of steel" people, but the most I ever get to are a series of small leaks, without any real constant, uncontrollable stream. I wanted the feeling of being helpless to control myself as I pissed my pants like a child.

Well, I can say, I think I got there. Here was my procedure:

1) Early in the day I began drinking a smallish glass of water every hour (about 10 ounces), and peeing freely when I felt the urge.

2) After a few hours, I began holding my pee, continuing to drink a glass of water every hour.

3) Once I had my first leak, I allowed myself to pee for 10 seconds and then continue holding and drinking a glass of water per hour. I switched to beer instead of water in this phase after three hours.

4) Eventually I did a classic rapid desperation in which I drank a glass of water every 15 minutes for an hour, and then held until the bitter end, though I also continued drinking more afterwards in a less regimented fashion.

So some notes:

- I had some nice diapers for the initial hold-leak-hold portion of the night, which was nice because otherwise I would have had to run to the bathroom every 20 minutes to do my 10 second spurts by the end.

- I started the actual hold (step 2 above) at 3pm

- I switched to 1 beer per hour instead of one glass of water starting at 6pm.

- I had my first significant leak at about 7:30, so I did my first controlled release then. After that I didn't take careful note of leaks, but I'd say I had additional leaks followed by controlled 10-second spurts around every 20-40 minutes (that is, every 40 minutes early on, every 20 minutes later)

- At 9 I started the drink-every-15-minutes "power hour." The first drink was a beer, the others were water.

- Halfway through this power hour I ended up letting out a significant amount of urine because I just _had_ to fart, haha.

- Nevertheless, by 10:30, I stood up and stood still without squirming and found myself completely losing control. I pissed myself for a good two minutes and had a major puddle on the floor. At one point during this, I opened my pants and watched it streaming through my underwear and down my legs. There was seriously nothing I could do to stop it. I gained control again briefly but then lost it again about a minute later.

So, success! I ended up doing two more rounds after that, cleaning the floor, changing into dry pants, continuing to drink about hold, and then having another uncontrollable accident. The third time I feel asleep before I lost it, and woke up sitting in completely soaked pants with a three foot puddle spreading under my chair. At that point, knowing I just desperately needed to sleep (it was around 3am), I masturbated into my soaked jeans, then strapped on another nice diaper and got into bed. Even before I fell asleep I knew I was letting out a pretty constant stream into the diaper, but I clearly continued it after I fell asleep, because when woke up about 4 hours later the diaper was quite heavy (this is a ABU Simple that hold like 5 liters so that was pretty intense). I think I only woke up because the diaper had started to leak, and I realized I was lying in a two foot-wide wet spot on my bed. It had fortunately not gotten too far, given I don't have a mattress protector.

I got up, emptied my distended bladder as best I could into the diaper, pushed my morning BM into the diaper as well, masturbated again, and then set about getting cleaned up. I got so desperate in the shower I had to pee again, and found myself getting desperate throughout the day at a very accelerated rate. By the end of the day, I was no longer getting desperate so quickly, but I found my bladder was so stretched out that it was nearly impossible to empty it. It's taken days for it to start to get back to normal, and even now, four days later, I'm still pushing more than usual to really get empty.

All in all I'd say it was an amazing experience, but one that I won't repeat more than once or twice a year, I'd say. It just takes _all day_, and then it takes the better part of a week to recover. If I hadn't done the additional rounds, maybe the recovery time would have been less. But once I was in it, it seemed dumb not to have additional accidents while I could.

Let me know if you try anything like this! I'd love to hear your results.

