Holiday Weekend Wettings

Author: Mariner62

*000*2019-05-29 00:58

I got my wish this weekend, when my daughter (college age) went away with friends for a couple of days. Wetness was about to happen, and more than once. I also encouraged my wife to partipate.

We had plans to spend the weekend home, going thru and organizing the basement storage and various household chores that have been put off for a while. I had already drank about a bottle and 1/2 of water. While not full or desperate at this point, the pressure in my bladder was starting to be noticeable. Over the course of the next 1/2 hour, I let a few small spurts out, leaving a small wet spot in the front of my blue cargo shorts. At this point, she either didn't notice or pay attention. We had both finished the water we had taken with us, so I made a quick trip upstairs to get another bottle for each of us, and at the same time, let another spurt of pee out, leaving a wet patch about the size of my palm. I know she noticed this time, as she looked twice, but said nothing. 

As we continued, the urgency increased. I was now at the point of having to occaissionaly grab myself to avoid an all out wetting. Another longer release, and a very noticeable and growing wet spot on my shorts. Finally after about 2 hours of holding, I couldn't hold it any longer and finally burst. (Maybe I'll get a few photos next time, sorry). While I enjoy the holding part, wetting my pants is always such a great feeling. Well, we continued to clean and organize, I kept waiting for her to do anything/something. Still nothing. Then her phone rings, and she says her sister is coming over and that I may want to change my pants before she arrives. Damn it. One opportunity down, and her panties are still dry.

I continued to drink more water, preparing for another wetting later in the evening. I went out to the back patio, and started a bonfire. If she's going to wet, this is the most common time and place. By the fire, once the sun sets. As I sit there, tending the fire, still consuming more water, just waiting for her to come out and join me. A perfect evening, still in the mid 70;s and a slight breeze. Having already wet once, I knew I wouldn't be able to hold as long this time. This time I was wearing the same type of shorts, just a lighter grey color. Once again letting the pressure build up, and waiting to be joined. 

As I wait, I see the light come on in the bathroom. Imagine my disappointment, hearing the toilet being flushed, after being told that she would be out to wet with me. Still, I wasn't going to let an opportunity like this go to waste. Since she wasn't going to join me, I felt no need to hold any longer, and just let the flood games open. Second pair of soaked pants. I also continued to drink more water and enjoy the evening and fire. Sat there long enough to re-wet. I do enjoy the feeling of my pants getting wetter and warm again. Finally time to clean up and head to bed, looking forward to another day of holding and wetting.

As always, with the amount of water I had drank the day before, I woke up already about to burst. I put on the same pair of shorts from the night before with a pair of dry panties to start off the day. Back to the patio. And without to much delay, the first pants wetting of the day was happening. What a way to start off the day. Soaked pants, a very large wet patch, front and back. Instead of water, I went to apple juice for the morning to keep myself overly hydrated. I let her sleep for another hour before going in to wake her. 

I left my wet pants on so she would see them, and know I was more than ready for her to join me. We had plenty of time to play before she was going to meet her mother and sister. She did come out with me, but only for a few minutes, saying it was just to chilly. Disappointment again, but still I wasn't going to allow the day to be wasted. I did change shorts and panties. This time, khaki shorts. I returned outside and continued to drink juice ( nearly a half gallon in 2 hours). With the limited time available left, I decided to just let the pee flow whenever the urge hit me. As my time to play came to an end, I had wet myself another three times.

For the weekend, I wet three pairs of shorts a total of 7 times. It could have been the perfect weekend, if she had only joined me, even once. There are few things I find sexier than a women wetting her pants, especially if she's been holding it for a while, doing the pee-pee dance.

Looking forward to my next wet adventure ...

*002*2019-05-29 02:39

{{1 hour ago, shunlibiye said:

Good! Did your daughter ever piss herself?

}}

No. She knows nothing about me and her mother wetting. That's why we have to wait until she's away for the weekend.

