A Day of the Escalation Game

Author: davidparker265

*000*2015-12-08 00:30

It took me awhile to get this story up, but here it is! My first test of The Escalation Game

.

Every once in awhile my girlfriend goes out of town and I get to have myself a nice “desperation day”. I'd been looking to this weekend for awhile, scheming and planning...and everything went very well.

I talked about this in General Discussion, but I decided to play a little game with myself that I like to call "The Escalation Game". The rules are here

, so I won't go through them again – but the basic idea is that you can't use a toilet at all, and each time you have to pee, you wait a little bit longer than before (starting at 1 on the desperation scale). And, of course, you can't pee in the same place twice (unless it's your pants!)

My goal was to make the no toilet challenge last for 12 hours, starting as soon as I woke up. I had some work to do, though, so I didn't start the escalation until later, but why waste the morning peeing in a toilet when you could go all day?

I woke up in the morning with a pretty full bladder, thanks to having gone out to the bars the night before, and drinking lots of beer and water. I got out of bed, completely naked (I don't sleep in pajamas unless it's really cold), and walked out the door to the back deck. I stood there, hands on my hips, and just peed freely out into the lawn. It was still dark outside, and our house is well fenced in, so it's not like my neighbors would see me. A good way to start the day.

I started drinking just a little bit of water to hydrate myself, but not so much that I'd have to pee a lot, since my real fun wouldn't start until later. About an hour or two into my work, though, I had to pee again, so I went out to the side of our house, squatted down so no one could see, and peed into the drain. It felt good to be empty again, but work was calling.

Once I'd finished my stuff, showered (and had a little pee in the shower, of course), I put on some grey cotton boxer briefs, some slightly-too-slim-fit jeans (which I call my peeing jeans), and a black T-shirt. I figured I'd make an early lunch and watch a little TV. I went to my fridge to check my supplies for the day: a big bottle of Gatorade, a bottle of Coke, and of course, an unlimited supply of water. I grabbed some water and my Gatorade, made a sandwich, and plopped down on my couch.

I sipped my water slowly. At the first sign of needing to pee, I let a little bit go in my pants. Hmm, that didn't really empty me out. Even though I was barely at a “1” on the scale, I guess your body doesn't tell you you have to pee unless you have a fair amount built up in your bladder. I cleared my dishes, and as I was loading the dishwasher, decided let out a little more. What I intended to be a dribble ended up being a big spurt that shot down my right leg, creating a visible wet spot on my pants and a feeling of wetness down to my knee. It wouldn't be obvious if I were out in public, due to the fade of the jeans, but I could tell—there was already a dark patch right by the tip of my dick.

Well, that made things a bit more interesting. I grabbed some towels and threw them on the couch, and sat down to play some video games. I finished my water and switched to Gatorade, and even though I was sipping it slowly, I could already feel more pee beginning to well up in my bladder. Gatorade never fails to have that effect.

As I played, I let out a few more dribbles in my pants as needed, until I could tell my underwear was starting to get a little wet. So I stopped, letting my bladder fill up a little bit more—this time to about a 2 or 3. I could feel that I had to pee, though I wasn't anywhere near desperate. I decided to pause the game and have a little fun. I took off my pants and decided to play a little game called “let's see how wet I can get my underwear without creating a puddle underneath me”. 

Right now, there was just a small wet patch on my right thigh, so I slid my member over to the left side of my boxer briefs and let a little bit go—just enough to create another wet spot. I moved it up to a dry area and let go a little more. I kept doing this all over my underwear until there wasn't much dryness left—and thankfully, the wetness underneath me hadn't soaked through the two towels either. But it was getting close, so I finished emptying my bladder and did one last dryness check—phew, the couch was okay.

I went back to playing my game (man, the original Super Mario is hard), and my bladder filled back up very quickly. Before long I was back at a 4, where the urge was getting a little hard to ignore. But I was on a roll in my game, and didn't want to stop, so I grabbed my empty glass from earlier, scooted to the edge of the couch, and let go into the glass, hoping it was enough to hold the contents of my bladder. I started getting a little nervous as my pee got about ¾ of the way to the top of the glass, but my stream started to wane a few tablespoons before the point of overflowing. Perfect timing. I put the glass back on the table, figuring I could empty it later, and went back to playing.

By my third or fourth Game Over, I was having a hard time getting my mind off of omorashi, so I turned the game off and went to my computer to browse the forums, read some stories, and so on. After awhile, I was feeling the need again, but I had to hold on longer this time—at least to a 5. I started getting a little too turned on, though, which made it hard to tell how badly I had to go. So I got up and went to change my underwear. It had been wet for awhile and was getting a little cold, and I had some errands to run, so I needed to change my clothes anyway.

As soon as I got up and started walking to my bedroom, I realized that I definitely needed to go worse than I'd realized. Sitting down and reading erotic stories helped mask the desperation, but I was definitely at a 5 or a 6. I wasn't quite squirming, but I really had to go.

I peeled off my wet boxer breifs and threw them in the laundry basket with a few other items from the day before. And then I realized: I still needed to find a place to pee. I couldn't go in the toilet, I couldn't go in the shower, I couldn't go in a glass, and I couldn't go outside on the lawn or on the concrete. Crap! I started looking around the room, getting a little nervous that I hadn't thought this far ahead. But then my eyes drifted back to that laundry basket: perfect.

Still half-naked, I bent my legs a little and pointed my eager stream at the laundry. But it quickly started pooling on top and cascading down into the basket itself, creating a rather large puddle. And my stream wasn't about to let up soon. I frantically looked around, still peeing, trying to find something else to absorb it, until I spotted out of the corner of my eye a hand towel near the foot of the bed. I quickly stemmed the flow, leaned to grab the towel, and squatted back over the basket.

I wrapped the towel around my still-hard penis and let the stream continue. The warmth and wetness felt amazing, and when water started to drip out the other side of the towel, I quickly re-adjusted. By the time my stream slowed to a trickle, the towel was saturated with pee and dripping onto the clothes below. I was so horny I couldn't resist giving myself a few wet strokes, but gained some self-control. I still had a lot of desperation to accomplish today, so I contained myself, grabbed a new light blue pair of boxer briefs, and put my jeans back on.

I had been cooped up in the house all day, so I figured it was a good time to run my errands now. I drove out to my favorite bookstore across town because I needed a few new things to read. As I strode out of the house, I gulped down the last of my Gatorade, grabbed my bottle of Coke, and got in the car.

It was an easy drive, and I drank my coke as I went, even though I could already feel my bladder filling up quickly. I was actually worried I would be too desperate by the time I got there, but that ended up not being a problem at all. Most of the time I was there, I stayed around a 5. In fact, I was getting a little annoyed. I guess the desperation scale isn't linear—you spend a lot more time at a 5 before you move up to the next stage, when compared with 1 or 2 (which turn into 3 and 4 very quickly). I picked up the pace on my drinking, hoping that I might get to have a bit more of a public desperation dance, but I spent an hour in the bookstore with no issues. I did find some good books, though.

The line, of course, was pretty long by the time I wanted to check out, and the cashiers were moving very slowly. Enough that, before I was even 25% through the line, I felt it hit me: the next wave was coming, and it was coming fast. After about 10 minutes I was starting to really feel it, though I was able to hide my squirming just enough that I didn't draw too much attention to myself. But my need was still increasing by the minute. I gulped down the rest of my Coke and threw away the bottle, partially because I was too lazy to keep carrying it, but apparently because I'm a masochist as well.

By the time I finished checking out, I was noticeably squirming.

I sped out of the store, got in my car, turned on the navigation, and saw those fateful words no one wants to read: “unusual traffic on your route”. What was originally a 10 minute drive was now 25 minutes, and my bladder was still filling up. I was only at about a 7, but there was no way I was going to make it home in time to get my next pee in. By the time I got there, I'd be closer to an 8 or a 9, which meant this was it—full-on desperation time.

Traffic was a nightmare. I kept glancing at Google Maps' ETA. My bladder was racing it home, and my bladder was winning. I wasn't in danger of losing control, but stuck in traffic isn't exactly where you want to be when you're approaching your limit. I finally reached the end of the crawling freeway, sped home, and parked the car in front of my house. I walked briskly through the gate, up to the front door, and spent about 30 seconds digging for my keys in my shopping bag (thanks to my keyless car, I didn't have them in my hands). 

It was impossible to keep from squirming now. I don't think I've ever done the potty dance quite this much in my entire life. Even though I've been this desperate once or twice before, I'd always been in public, so I'd always tried to hide it. But it's a totally different feeling when you're that desperate on purpose, with nobody around. It feels amazing. But it certainly made it harder to concentrate on something as simple as finding my keys and opening the damn door. I finally got the key in the lock, rushed in, and threw down my bag.

I still wasn't quite at my limit, but I couldn't really stand still. I tried to pass the rest of the time by writing the first draft of this story, but that was an exercise in futility. I was shaking the whole time, my legs bouncing up and down, my bladder bursting with pee slowly inching it's way toward the tip of my shaft. I could feel my bladder start to convulse. I needed to get up before I wet myself right here at my computer. I put on some waterproof sandals, went outside, and as soon as I'd walked halfway across the back yard, I felt the spurts start to come. First a 3 second spurt that shot down my pant leg. Then another.

Then a dribble that lasted about 7 seconds. I probably could have regained control at that point, but my pants were already soaked. So I let the next spurt turn into a steady stream, which quickly turned into me peeing full force, letting out a moan of simultaneous relief and arousal. The wet line down my leg spread into a river of pee, flowing down both my pant legs and into my sandals, pooling on the ground below me. I must have peed for a full minute, just standing there in near-orgasmic bliss.

When it finally subsided, I couldn't help but reach my hand down and rub myself over my pants. I kicked off my shoes and pants, dashed inside, and relieved a very different kind of tension.

All in all, a pretty fun day. I'm going to have to try this game again soon.

