A bursting time at the Rose Garden

Author: The Shark

*000*2017-06-05 11:38

Alright, so I haven't posted around here mostly because I have no idea how interested some are about male desperation experiences. I'm a guy and don't find male desperation a turn on, but sometimes I have little experiences myself so I can post those. If you like what ya see lemme know. I have some other stories written down I could post from my recent past.

So lemme give some background. I'm a 5 foot 6 inch guy with a stocky build, not someone you typically would wanna mess with. Wide shoulders, bit of meat on me. I was wearing grey and orange gym shorts, a blue tee shirt with a pokemon go orange hoodie. I was out with my girlfriend and her buddy. We had decided to go poke-hunting and hit some poke stops around a nice little downtown area of a local municipality. It was kinda cold so I was regretting going commando a bit like I tend to do. We walked around for a while, sitting, talking, the usual. After I'd say like two hours my girlfriends small bladder kicked in and she had to pee. Luckily we were by some shops and she just rushed in and had a piss. I had felt a twinge down in my bladder but didn't think anything of it. So after she came out we moved on. We got drinks at a small cafe, ate lunch, and continued poke-hunting.

Now, I hadn't peed since that morning and honestly I have a pretty good bladder. However I overestimated myself that day. I drank a little too much that morning after my pee and while we were out and it was starting to all rush to me. I only really noticed this when getting back in my car. My girlfriend and friend wanted to go to the nearby rose garden. The moment I sat down I felt a weight in my lower half. I was getting pretty full. Not wanting to embarrass myself in-front of my new found friend in the back of the car I didn't say anything and started driving. I never really thought about it but when I have to pee its pretty sudden. Like I don't feel the need to go for hours and hours and hours but all of a sudden when I feel it I kinda gotta go.

Anyway so I'm kinda squirming in the front seat of the car as we drive and praying this park were going to has a bathroom. We roll up, park, and start walking around. I'm feeling more and more pressure pumping straight into my bladder. It was starting to get really bad. Especially now that I noticed my need. My Girlfriend and our friend rushed to the rose garden part to go and take pictures so I used that moment to go and see about public bathrooms.

I spotted them across the park and started walking over. God I had to pee... I actually pressed my legs together and was bent over a bit trying to hold it. I don't think I've been more desperate before. That mostly stems from normally having a bathroom around to go in so I normally don't have to wait but now, being 18 and doing 18 year old stuff like having friends, working, and going out had started leading me to a couple desperate scenarios.

So I'm kinda like half shuffling over to the bathrooms. To make matters worse it started slightly raining. Not enough to like get your clothing wet but enough to be cold and annoying and not help a bursting bladder. I finally made it to the bathrooms only to find the men's locked. I cursed and tried the women's only to find that locked too. It was Sunday and I guess they didn't keep the toilets open on the weekends? This was getting pretty bad for me now. I crossed my legs and bounced trying to figure out a solution.

I really didn't want to tell my girlfriend and her friend about my need because #1 its embarrassing and #2 my girlfriend knows about my fetish and wants no part of it (of course :c) but seeing me desperate, she would make fun of me forever about it. So I needed to find another solution. I walked away from the toilets and just bounced around trying desperately to locate another toilet. For me there wasn't one. So I analysed my situation and realized I had two options. Piss outside of piss my pants. I started looking for a secluded area. Low and behold There was a building right before the garden area, a band stand, that had a perfect L shaped corner! Perfect for a standing pee!

I raced over. At this point I'm grabbing my cock through my shorts. I have to pee! I don't care who sees. I'm keeping my head on a swivel trying to make sure nobody was around to see me. Thankfully my gf and her friend were out frolicking in the garden. So I raced up to the corner and looked both ways. It was at this point my bladder decided to spasm and cause me to squirt just a bit into my shorts. I gasped and quickly took my cock out and waited. And waited. Nothing came out!!!

I started to panic. I had to piss but couldn't convince my body to go! I took a deep breath and finally it happened. I gushed pee all over that wall. I threw a hand up on the wall in front of me just to support myself. it just kept coming. A solid 3 minuet pee. I couldn't believe it. It just kept going and going. Finally my flow stemmed and I put my cock away just in time for my friends to be walking to the car. I shuffled away and jumped into whatever conversation they were having, blaming my absence on taking pictures with my camera.

So there ya go. My first desperate experience on this site. I have some more. I just gotta know if there's interest. Lemme know :)

*003*2017-06-05 14:56

{{3 hours ago, Fred46888 said:

When your girlfriend went into the shop to use their toilet, it was a typical 18-year-old macho male thing to think that you have a big bladder and could hold it. Except in this case, you couldn't. I love the report!

}}

Looking back that's exactly what I was thinking :P Thank you for the kind words!

*006*2017-06-06 02:35

{{3 hours ago, trackboy said:

Very good story want to see more of your stories. did you often hold it through the school day in high school? did any sports with it full? was you out for sports? lifted weights??? had it really full other times???? going commando in shorts is really fun to do. glad you like doing it. ever did a drink and hold contest????

}}

Oh boy questions :D This is what I was hoping for <3

Okay so to answer the thing about school. I have been cyber schooled since grade 6. Basically I've always had the bathroom open to me whenever I've needed it. Probably the one reason I am so fascinated with stories of girls pissing themselves in class because they could go to the toilet.

However! On that note I have done unintentional holdings at home. Either working on long timed tests or projects that required my attention I would, at times, sit and squirm in my chair, my cock squished in between my thighs trying to keep from peeing all over myself while finishing my work. It was just a convenience thing. I didn't wanna pee so I held it.

I stopped doing sports as a kid after 15. I did Karate from age 13-15 and before that I was a competitive swimmer. I had this really weird thing as a Kid where I wouldn't pee in the pool, so like I would hold it and rush to the bathroom after practice. Some other girls who were older than me also had this belief that if you peed in the pool it would turn blue to they would be rushing to the bathroom in their sexy tight swimsuits bursting for a piss. This would eventually lead me to my love of omorashi I have today. Ill have to write a post up of some of the incidences I've seen at swim practice... Sometimes meets would get packed and the girls room would have a line xD.

I... I dont understand your next question "Was you out for sports?" Clarify?

Have I been desperate lifting weights. Yes! Recently! I just joined a gym and right after starting my workout I had realized I forgot to pee most of that afternoon. Ill probably write a longer post about that day but long story short, a few spurts into my gym shorts and I was rushing to a toilet.

Commando is friggen great. Seriously, fuck underwear. Granted I do take a shower every day and make sure I clean everywhere so I smell supa fresh but like, ever since started going CMD like its so freeing. Plus I now have this naughty desire to pee places where I shouldn't :P.

Haven't done a drink and hold contest yet. Might convince my gf to do one with me though.

