Before leaving the pub

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2022-01-22 20:32

Right before Christmas it was time for another short vacation trip for this omo enthusiast and S, her suit fetishist boyfriend. This time we were just having a one night hotel stay revisiting the town where we had so many of our first times as a couple last year, right in the beginning of our kink exploration journey. So much has happened since then. We know each other better, we´ve found things that work and things that doesn´t, we have been flying and we´ve come down, and we´ve grown.

I was super tired after a stressful time and working early morning shifts all week, but it felt good to be away from home. After checking in and relaxing at the hotel room for a while, we dressed up in our shirts and suits. Even if it was a long time since I practiced, this time my tie knot was approved by S. We made our way to a Lebanese restaurant, and ordered oversize meze plates. We kind of summarized the year, talked about how much we appreciate the trust between us, the way we accept each other and can be ourselves in all of this. It´s a big thing.

Despite having had several glasses of water I skipped the bathroom visit before we rolled out of the place, to look for a nice bar. Two nights before Christmas and increasing covid issues made for a very slow and calm city life.

We had a drink (and loads of water for me) in a cozy restaurant, and hung out there for a while. It was a big open place, and a group of young men in the corner were the only other guests. Our outfits fit in just right here, but for the plans I had in mind for the end of this night, I didn´t feel comfortable. I wanted to move on to a smaller and more crowded place.

We payed the bill, left and kept walking past deserted bars and restaurants, when we came upon a smaller and more busy sports bar. It would do.

We ordered a beer and kept talking.

I know overactive bladder is an issue, but my bladder sometimes seems to be underactive. Especially in the evenings. Now it was just like that. I could feel it’s fullness, and my stomach felt bloated from all I´ve been drinking. I knew I should theoretically be at my bursting point, but, nothing. No increasing urgency. No fidgeting. I had the feeling of being immune against desperation.

When we had finished our beers S started to get impatient, and I also didn´t feel like staying much longer. It was just my nervousness that kept me waiting. I thought it might be easier to do what I had planned with a higher level of desperation but I just didn´t seem to get there anytime soon, so I might as well just get to action now.

I went down to the pool table area, and reached the bathrooms. They were occupied, but soon one door opened, and I went in. As I locked the door behind me the need to pee grew bigger, and almost by instinct my hand went to the button of my pants as if to undo it, but I stopped myself. Instead I just sat straight down on the toilet with my black suit pants still on. My body hesitated, as if knowing something wasn´t right. I needed to convince my bladder that it had permission to release. But first I needed to convince myself, because what the fuck was I about to do? A short moment of doubt, and then I just let it happen. I started peeing.

It first filled my underwear with warmth, then it started to pool around my butt, and at the same time I heard the trickle of a slow pee stream going through the fabric and hitting the water in the bowl below me. No turning back now, I was doing it. By that thought I automatically stopped peeing, and had to give it a push to get started again. I was now peeing freely, enjoying the relief and the spreading wet heat as my pants became heavy, and the pee went through them. If someone heard the sound from the other side of the door, they would have no idea I was peeing straight into my pants.

After I had finished peeing, the soaked fabric kept dripping for a while, and I remained seated until it seemed to stop. Then I got up, standing still to be sure that nothing dripped down to the floor. It was of course out of the question to leave a mess on the bathroom floor, or even worse, a pee trail behind me when I got out of here. But everything seemed to be fine. I tried to take some ass selfies, just to see how bad it was from the behind, if anything showed, but the pictures sucked so I couldn´t trust them. I just had to stick with the memories of all the times I had been wetting these pants before, and how well they were hiding wet patches. I would get away with it this time too.

Escape time. I unlocked the door, and made my way between the pool tables, and the people too occupied with their own business to care about this well dressed woman who probably only to the most observant eye would have had something shiny showing on the back of her pants, a subtle sign that she may not have succeeded to get her pants down in time. I got back to our table, and we put our jackets on and quickly left the place.

It was cold outside, snow on the ground, and the warm wetness in my crotch became freezing cold in no time. Some of the coldness was still slowly crawling down the inside of my thighs. But the walk to the hotel was short and wasn´t uncomfortable. Quite the opposite. I just got a little nervous when another couple walked up close behind us, so we crossed the street to get away from them. I asked S to see if something showed.

“No, nothing. But I don´t have my glasses on so I wouldn´t see it anyway”

”Wait a minute… So everytime you´ve told me my wettings didn´t show, it´s because you didn´t wear your glasses? That´s scary.”

I had already estimated that I would be having absolutely no power left for the usual “horny masturbation standing in the shower with wet pants still on” so I had brought a waterproof pad with me so that I could relax in bed instead, while taking care of this. I put the pad on the bed sheet, and laid down. Turned on by touching the soaked underwear inside my pants, I immediately got started and soon also finished, while S was standing next to the bed, watching and doing the same, until he soiled the front of my pants with his cum.

We were both done. But not really. We went into the bathroom to shower, but I didn´t feel like taking my pants off. When I buttoned them instead of pulling them down, S knew what was going on.

“You´ve got more”, he said, got into the bathtub with me and put his hand between my legs. He felt the wet gusset of my pants get warm as I started gushing. After a while I let him put the hand directly into my underwear to feel it better. My pee pooled in his hand before it overflowed down my legs and we were both standing in a growing puddle. This was hot. Even hotter than the sneaky wetting at the pub.

This second wetting of the night had worked me all up again, and the same hand that I had just peed all over now helped me reaching another chlimax. Apparently I had some energy left after all, but it was also the last of it before we showered and stumbled into bed.

In hindsight, it surprises me how much of my fetish practice that takes place in my head. This idea had been so hot when I had imagined it and practiced at home. Right as it happened it wasn´t the same. It turned me on, and the aftermath in the room was great, but the act in itself wasn´t super special. I wondered why. Was I too tired and exhausted? Should we have had another build-up? Should I have held longer to make it more intense? Or has this kind of public stuff lost the excitement it had in the beginning? Maybe a little bit of all four.

But now, writing it down, reliving the memory, it gets stronger and hotter again. My fetish is just so much more than those 20 seconds it takes to empty a bladder.

$$

*005*2022-01-23 20:23

{{14 hours ago, ews21 said:

Great story, I wish I could have been there to see this as a bystander. But your pants do not show any wetness. Also is your name in reference to an old youtube video super bingo?

}}

Thanks! If you knew, and looked carefully, I´m sure you would have seen something.

No, I don´t know anything about the super bingo thing. The name refers to all those years when i told no one. Creating an account on here was the first step to change that.

*006*2022-01-23 20:30

{{9 hours ago, SoakMe said:

My own experience is that food and alcohol can dull bladder warnings. On one memorable occasion with a friend, we started at a good hotel buffet with free flow wine where I drank six glasses of wine. Feeling bloated and a bit tipsy, but not needing a pee, we went on to a Hard Rock Café, where I drank a pitcher of beer. My friend, by the time we left, had made four bathroom visits, but I had felt no great urge. We left, and I helped my friend find a taxi. While seated in the Hard Rock, my bladder was making no complaints but, suddenly as I walked along, I had to pee with basically no warning. With no bathroom in the immediate vicinity, I was obliged to give in. I absolutely drenched my black trousers. This was in public, but at night with no one really close by.

Although I made a huge puddle where my pee had streamed down both legs, even during the act, what was happening was not evident to casual inspection from afar. After waiting for the final drips to subside, I found a taxi (thankfully, with plastic seats which I could sit on without leaving evidence or, most important, damage) I made my way home, where I put some very heavy trousers and blue briefs directly into the wash.

I enjoy deliberate wetting and, even though this was an unplanned accident, overall enjoyed the experience.

}}

Wow, nice experience, thanks for sharing. I´m glad you enjoyed it even if it was unplanned. I have also experienced a dullness of the bladder under influence of alcohol, but it was not the case this time. I don´t usually mix alcohol with omo play, and i was only having alcohol free drinks this evening.

{{19 minutes ago, wetskipants said:

Wonderful story. Gosh it must have felt amazing sitting in the pub's bathroom flooding your pants like that, knowing you were past the point of no return.

}}

Thanks! Yeah, it was a really weird feeling, but great.

*009*2022-04-27 22:46

{{4 hours ago, SoggyShorts said:

Perhaps if you want to raise the level of excitement, you need to raise the risk of discovery. Maybe go for something in dark navy blue next time.

}}

I can see why you're suggesting this, it's a hot idea. But raising the risk of discovery unfortunately also means raising the level of involving nonconsenting people into my game, and that's something I try to keep at a minimum and shouldn't stretch further I think.

