A Classic Test Desperation Story

Author: April Nine

*000*2022-05-15 01:13

So I'm like half bending rules here since I'm talking about my highschool year but technically I was 18 so -_-

So if this does get removed then rip

Even though it was a (insert several years to slightly hide my age:D) ago I still remember this one pretty distinctly. So senior year of highschool, I was taking a chemistry course. The course was standard 1 hour length with a 30 minute additional section and so for the first 30 minutes of class I would have study hall. What I would usually do on a test day is to go to the bathroom in study hall and then I would be able to go through class without a bathroom break. But this was near the end of first semester and grade anxiety was quickly catching up to me. I had been a grade chaser for all my life and here I was staring at a C.

And maybe this sounds like "oH nO i gOt a 95% oN mY tEsT" moment but it was really crushing me at the time. But anyways, I was really panicking about this test I had now because if I failed this one I would have to really overperform on the final to get a B. I had a friend in the period before that had the chemistry class with me and I got totally carried away asking questions solving problems that I just kind of forgot that I had to pee in the study hall period. I had peed the period before so the urge wasn't coming to me so I just forgot.

When we walked into the classroom, we quickly got ready to take the test. Everything was quiet, the teacher was slowly walking to the front of the class when it hit me that I didn't go. Crap. Then, my friend from before raised her hand and asked if she could go to the bathroom. I thought I met my savior but the teacher was harsh. She was typically known for having the "if you go to the bathroom then its just your problem" mindset and didn't really care, but for graded assignments she was incredibly strict. I guess she saw a problem with having her go before the test started as well. Are you kidding me.

But what option do I have. I start solving the problems, scratching down the answers and in the back of my head, I can feel it. The feel of a full bladder, dripping pee into the rubber ball. The test was split into 2 sections. a 45 minute written section. And then a 45 minute practical. I had finished up with the written section a bit early and started flipping the pages from the start to check my answerrs but in reality, my eyes were only reading the letters and not solving anything. My mind was on what to do with my bladder. I did finish early so I was really contemplating asking to got the bathroom... but that would be really embarrassing to admit and imagine if she denied me as I thought she would... maybe I could hold it...no.. annnd the teacher called time. From this point on, we were allowed to move on to the lab portion if we had finished. I got up and moved to the side desk where the lab equipment laid.

Titration lab. Great.

If anybody forgot high school chemistry, titration literally involves be dripping solutions until you reach a point that you want. Dripping.

I started getting ready but my urge was getting really bad. I was starting to be very unstill. My hands and legs were constantly moving even as I stood in line to get the solution from a large beaker. Legs shifting weight from side to side, hands cracking knuckles, stretching, bending over on the table, rubbing my thighs arms. I still remember what I was wearing this day, for god knows why when I don't even remember what I wore yesterday. One size too small blue jeans, white hoodie and a tucked in lavender shirt. I got back to my station with the solutions in hand, and I was starting to sweat. I took my hoodie off to keep working but I could feel the uneasy feeling.

As I started turning the burette to let the solutions out, I couldn't handle the drops. To do a titration right, after a certain point, I have to let one drop out at a time to see if the color of the solution changes because one drop can be the difference between a completely clear solution and a really pink one. It took unbearably long. I couldn't handle standing up so mid way through I dragged my chair over to sit down. Nobody else was sitting down. Every drop felt like eternity and every drop felt like a part of my pee escaping my bladder.

I somehow managed to get the data and started doing some write ups. Mid way through, I really felt like I couldn't hold it. I stopped working to calm myself down but it didn't work because I felt a small spurt escape me. I unconsciously gasped. I got up and went up to the teacher to ask her for the bathroom but I was unsurprisingly denied. I was so mad that I could be this close to completely wetting myself and she could sit there with her tea and coldly say "no" with the most blank faced expression possible.

At this point, I have no memory of what the heck I was doing on the test. I remember some part needed me to dial in some random amount of weight probably to like 1 decimal or something. Hands shaking, I had to take small pieces in and out with the pinch of my fingers and it took absurdly long to dial the weight than any normal human being would. I kept continuing on with the test and the bell rang. We quietly sat as the teacher went around to collect our tests and check that our lab equipment was cleaned. My legs did not stop bouncing. When I thought nobody was watching, I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled my shirt out to hide the fact that I was releasing pressure from my bladder. But it really didn't help. We finally got dismissed, I grabbed my bag and walked as fast as I could in that capacity to the bathrooms. This was the last period so the halls were aboslutely crowded and so was the bathroom.

Nobody was in there in a line, but all the stalls were occupied. Without any regard for my reputation, I banged on the doors as hard as I could, crossing my legs, hands in crotch and squirming. All I heard was a girl yell back SHUT THE FUCK UP. I felt like I was going to pass out but another girl came out before I could. I took the stall immediately. As I slammed my bag on the ground I felt spurts escaping me. One hand was trying to take off my jeans while another was pressed hard into my crotch, stopping it. I stood in this weird contradicting movements for a long time, unable to move, all while I felt my bladder going awol. I decided that I couldn't stay like this forever, took my hands out of my crotch when a long stream of pee started rolling down.

I took both hands to quickly remove my jeans but my panties got "stuck". the spurts were coming out in such quick succession I couldn't tell if I was fully peeing or not. I just let go, took my already wet jeans down and sat down, forgetting my panties weren't off. I pushed the pee out without realizing when the loud hissing sound of pee hitting the cloth alerted my ears. I panicked. This wasn't in some desolete place where I could bet that nobody would notice or if they did, that I would never see them again. This was in school. Without thinking I grabbed my crotch with my hands getting pee all over it and almost stood up, now in like a pseudo squat position. I realized my mistakes and sat back down and tried my hardest to stop peeing but I couldn't. After a little bit of time I did get it back under control and peed normally.

My panties were completely drenched but I didn't feel comfortable going without them so I wore them regardless. My jeans had a noticeable trail of pee, but luckily my jacket was pretty long and covered up the major damage. I sprinted out of the school to my car.

