Today's snowbib wetting

Author: Snowpants

*000*2018-11-19 14:44

Since I had the day off today I decided to enjoy my first snowbib wetting of the season. I loaded up on liquids since last evening so my bladder would be nice and full in the morning. I decided it would be more fun to wet outdoors so I put on a pair of nylon trackies under my snowbibs, winter jacket and boots then headed out for a walk. It is not that cold this morning so I must have looked quite odd walking around in this outfit. I did not run into anyone walking but I am not sure what drivers going by might have thought.

I made it for about 30 minutes before my bladder began calling for relief. I did my best to hold on but I must admit there were a few leaks into my trackies and snowbibs before I made it home. The feel on the warm piss running down the inside of my snowbibs and the nylon clinging to my legs felt great. The best is that the snowbibs hide any sign of what I am doing. Makes me feel very naughty.

When I go home I kept the trackies and snowbibs on until my bladder could hold no more. I managed to get a camera set-up to attempt to record the final flood but something went wrong. I ended up only capturing the final desperation and the beginning of the flood before the camera stopped. I did also manage to capture the look of the trackies when I first got home and then after the flood.

Can't wait for the "real" winter to arrive and for this to be a more common experience for me. Bring on the snow and cold!!!

MVI_1392.AVI

$$

$$

*002*2018-11-19 18:03

@Wombat48

Thanks for the compliment. It was great fun.

