Peed herself in front of strangers

Author: toolateagain

*000*2018-03-04 19:10

First things first: This story I was not part of. Neither am I the one having an accident, nor did I wittness the wetting. The protagonist once told me her experience over the phone and I thought: Why not share it with you people? I apologize in advance if the story is too long. For those not interested in the backgrounds of the story, can just skip to where it says "The story". Also, I did not want to make this a fiction, so sorry for the lack of detail (for example due to my insecurity and shyness, I of course do not know if the wetting arroused her in any way), but I decided not to add anything she did not tell me.

Background story:

In summer last year, I was invited by the youth organization of my party to join an association meeting over the weekend. Our youth organization is full of different tendencies fighting each other – and that is one of the reasons, why I am normally avoiding their meetings. However, I thought this time it was worth a shot. So when I arrived at the hostel, I quickly searched for people from my tendency to share a room with and to sum things up: Yep, it was just as bad as I thought this weekend would be.

However, there was one nice occurance the second night, when I was sitting outside, drinking beer with some of my comrades. A young woman (25 years old, as it turned out – and for the record: lets call her Anna) walked towards me and started talking to me. I noticed her before in one of our many seminars, simply because she was very good looking. She is around 170 cm tall and has an athletic body and long, blond hair with blue eyes. I was sceptical, because a) Why should a woman like her want to talk to me? and b) I knew for a fact that she was from an opposing tendency within my party.

While at first it was the casual small talk like »Where do you come from?« and so on and so forth, the conversation soon changed into a political discussion with her asking me a few things about my tendency. »Out of curiosity« as she stated. It was the only conversation I had with her. However, a few days later I send her a friend request on Facebook and we started chatting. Sometimes casually, sometimes about politics – always respecting the fact that on certain topics our views differ quite a lot.

One time, and that is where the real story begins, we talked on the phone late at night (or early in the morning). It was around 4 am and she was on her way home from a bar when she called me. She was a bit tipsy at best, but definetely not drunk. Five minutes into the phone call, she reached home (at that time she was still sharing an apartment with her mother) and we continued talking. 

At some point – and that is where I was suddenly wide awake again – I heard some quite familiar hissing and splashing noise: She was on the toilet, peeing as we talked. I did not say anything and she also did not mention anything either. I liked it, though. You know, sometimes I try to move conversations towards peeing stories or so. Not out of nowhere, but if it more or less fits (for example if the friend I am having a conversation with mentions their need to pee). This time however, it was different: Anna at some point started talking about drinking stories and the second one was about her and a friend when they were 16 years old:

The story:

Anna and her friend (lets name her Maria) wanted to meet up with another friend in a neighbouring city where they wanted to go partying. Anna and Maria however ended up taking the wrong train and by the time they realized, they were stranded in a town called Potsdam – and that is definetely not where you want to end up if your aim for the night is having a really good party. They nonetheless decided it was worth a try checking out the town and went to a nearby supermarket to get some booze. It was there that they met three guys a few years older than them, so maybe they were about 18, 19 years old at the time. Those guys approached the two girls, asking what they had planned for the night as they were going to sit in their garden, drinking a few beers and other alcohol (which was kind of strange giving the fact it was raining non-stop). Anna and Maria accepted the invitation and went away with those three strangers they just met, in a town that they never planned on ending up in.

One of the three guys was quite attractive, Anna told me, but he was the only one in a relationship so the two girls went with the only other two options they had for making out. At some point, Maria had to pee, so the guys advised her to just go to the end of the garden behind some bushes – which she did. Anna however, did not want to do this. When she told me the story, I asked her why she did not pee in the garden as her friend did, and she claimed she does not remember anymore why she did not want to pee there.

At some point of course, the evening had to come to an end and the girls said their good-byes. It was then, that Anna was hit from a wave of desperation to pee. She did not even have a chance – she just peed then and there, in front of the others (probably due to the combined fact that she was a) holding quite a while already and b) definetely drunk). After a few seconds, though, she was able to regain control and stop the flow. Thanks to the rain, it was not even visible to anyone else. 

However the guy Anna made out with was kind of obsessed with her and did not want her to leave. In his drunken stupor, he wanted to be funny, kneeing down, begging her to stay and – that is where it gets quite funny – hugged her leg. I mean... Seriously. He hugged her leg. You know scenes like that from cartoons or so, but when does it ever happen in real life, that someone hugs your leg? Of course it has to happen that one time you just peed your pants. Anna of course was suddenly feeling embarrassed and insecure by that, as she feared he might feel her quite warm, but wet leg. He did not, luckily for her. However, the guys insisted on accompanying the girls to the train station.

All the way, Anna had one major problem: Her need to pee did not decrease by her little accident earlier. In fact, the urge grew up to a point where it got really uncomfortable. So when they reached the (roofed) train station, she knew she had to find a way to let out all the pee. However, since it was late at night, the toilets at the train station were closed and with the other people waiting for their trains, squatting down somewhere was not an option. In fact, as it was not an option earlier before in a secluded garden, why would it be an option now, in public?

She was trying her best to not show any form of desperation whatsoever, still not knowing what to do. Suddenly, though, she received a phone call by her father. She answered and while she was talking, she of course seperated a bit from the others. She was talking to her dad, when only a few meters away from the others, she leaned against a pillar and just let go. She did not care anymore. The urge to pee was getting too bad to handle, so she let go, full stream, into her already soakingly wet jeans. She did not hide, however. She was just a few meters away from Maria and the guys, when the pee spread around her butt and running down her legs, forming into a puddle on the ground. Yep, it of course formed a puddle. A fact, that Anna did not put into consideration before. But what was she supposed to do? She could definetely not stop the stream anymore. She was completely emptying her bladder now, feeling the great feeling of relieve.

When she was done doing her business and done talking on the phone, she rejoined the group, acting as if nothing happened the past few minutes. However, no one did mention anything – and even her friend did not know: When Anna told her on the train, Maria said she did not notice anything nor did anyone of the guys say anything. So after all, Anna might have had the perfect accident.

*003*2018-03-05 20:55

{{5 hours ago, tanin said:

I wonder if this was her only drunk wetting accident, because she seems to be an 'accident-prone' type of person!

}}

I asked her whether this was her most recent accident and she said yes. When I asked if this was the only time she peed her pants, she recalled two other occasions. She was not being drunk in those experiences, though: One time she peed her pants in school, age 10 and the other time she peed herself in a youth centre or so when she was 12. Both times she did not want to embarrasse herself mentioning her need to pee so she reached the point of not being able to hold.

She might even be into peeing after all, because she mentioned one time she went to some European country with her (now ex) boyfriend and saw a woman pee in the middle of a crowded pedestrian area while nobody seemed to care. She said that sighting caused her to think a lot about peeing in front of others and how people tend to overreact on a human's need. I am no expert, but I would say a person who is not interested into peeing would not recall such an experience in her head multiple times?

However, writing down her experience caused me to contact her on Facebook again. Who knows, maybe the conversation at one point reaches the peeing topic again – and maybe I can even find out a few more information.

{{5 hours ago, tanin said:

I'm very curious about her friend's reaction when she told her about peeing her pants.

}}

If we ever talk about it again, this will definetely be a question I would bring up. I promise to inform you if I find out anything. ;-)

