A wet sighting on a subway station

Author: lachwet

*000*2016-03-13 21:28

There is a college nearby where i live, and i often take the subway from a station just across the street from that college.

At this location i have had many good sightings. The sighthings have mainly been desperation, and mainly from gollege girls. But however, throughout the years i have frequented this sub way station i have also witnessed a few wettings, or post-wettings too. Here 's a description of one of the wettings i have witnessed. Or, i didn't witness the wetting itself, but rather the desperation prior to, and the aftermath. Hope you enjoy the post.

I was waiting at the subway station in the evening, around 18:00. It was some time until my train arrived.

Just a few minutes after i got there, a group of people in their early twenties came down the escalator. It was 4 girls and a guy. They obviously came from the college just across the street from the subway station.

Almost immedeately after they got down to the platform from the escalator, one of the girls started stomping and stepping frantically on the spot for some seconds. She took some quick breaths and it looked like she shievered a bit. To me it looked like she was hit by a very strong pee urge. When i'm in out from home, i'm always aware of the signs, which has proven to pay off many times.

The group then moved over towards the track leading towards the city center. The apparently desperate girl were a few steps behind, as she had stopped to perform her sudden pee-pee dance.

After she caught up with her friends who were waiting for the train, it became obvious that this girl needed to pee badly:

She crossed and uncrossed her legs, adjusted her position and flexed her knees constantly.

Suddenly she started stepping on the spot and stepping from foot to foot again. She was desperate. Very desperate. Her moves was quite frantic. This girl must have done a huge misjudgement with respect to her urge to pee and how long she would be able to hold. Because after less than a minute after her arrival at the subway station she seriously looked like she was about to pee herself. Maybe she had taken a chance, trying to reach the next train, and staying with her friends by skipping her very needed toilet visit?

Anyways, as she was stepping frantically on the spot for some time i heard her say to her friends:

"I think i will go back up, and drop by Rimi (A convenience store) before i take the subway home. I think i'll do that."

She said this with a quite stressed and nervous voice. She was talking quickly, like she was in a big hurry.

She had a quite strained look in her face.

Then she quickly said goodbye to her friends before she left. She nearly ran up the escalator. She was advancing the escalator in long steps. She was in a huge rush, that was easy to see.

A couple of minutes later one of the girls in the group got a message on their mobile phone. The guy, who seemed to be the boyfriend of the girl who got the SMS asked her:

"Is she at the.... pee... again?"

His girlfriend replied that the message was from someone else.

A couple of minutes later the group of students left with the next train. I stayed at the platform, waiting for my train.

The desperate girl had been away for some time. But soon she came back down the escalator again. Her jeans was a bit dark, and with the subway station lights i didn't see it very clear before she passed some meters away from me. But when she got within a few meters range it was easy to see the dark wet stain around her crotch and on her thighs. She hadn't made it. A desperate toilet run had ended in a small accident. She was wet on the inside of both her thighs and around her crotch. On one side she had a short streak reaching towards her hip.

I got a glimpse of her butt for a few seconds as passed me. She was much wetter on the backside than she was on the front. The majority of the pee had found it's way towards her butt and the backside of her thighs.

She hadn't peed herself completely. Just a moderate amount just before she reached the toilet, it looked like.

After wandering around for minute or so she sat down on a bench nearby. She looked quite dissatisfied. Embarrassed.

And a bit uncomfortable, when more people started coming to the subway station minutes before the next train (My line) arrived.

She held her hands in her crotch, trying to cover most of the wet patch. The wetness was too large for her to hide all of it, though.

When the train arrived she got up, but stayed in the background until most people mod gotten inside the train. Then she got onboard.

In the beginning i chose to stand in the aisle, next to one of the entrances. But after the next stop i grabbed a seat in the same seat group as the girl who had peed herself, as one of the seats got free. She glanced out of the window during the entire ride, looking quite unpleasant. She got of at one of the stations in the city centre, while i continued to my destination.

When thinking about it afterwards, this girl must have misjudged her urge to pee badly. Because the time she would need to run back to the bathrooms at the college was much less than the time until the next stop. I was thinking what if the train had just arrived when they got down to the subway. Then she would not have the time to realize that she was close to wetting herself. And no time to make up an excuse to run back either. There would be quite a chance that she would have gotten onboard the train in a rush. And then, as the doors was closing she would have realized that she was not going to be able to hold it for very long. Not until she reached the next station...

This happened a couple of year ago, in the early spring. I made a quick illustration of how the wet stains on her pants looked like, as i remember it.

*008*2016-03-28 19:49

{{ 

A couple of minutes later one of the girls in the group got a message on their mobile phone. The guy, who seemed to be the boyfriend of the girl who got the SMS asked her:

"Is she at the.... pee... again?"

His girlfriend replied that the message was from someone else.

This statement seemed really interesting to me. I am maybe misinterpreting it, but it would seem possibly this girl was a holder and it had happened before.

}}

Me too. I thought the same, that she might be a holder or something. Or maybe she had a weak bladder/active bladder and ends up running for a bathroom repeatedly...

{{ 

I feel really bad for the poor girl, so I almost feel bad about liking this, but lucky you.

}}

Yeah, same with me. I've felt sory for the girl the times i've witnessed a girl with pee stained pants.Felt sorry for her, and thrilled at the same time... Mixed feelings about it.

But good that you apprechiate me sharing it :-)

