The Troubles of an Omo-Lover

Author: TwitchyStitch

*000*2015-12-01 23:53

My name is Jacob... but people call me Stitch. A while ago, my friends joked about me being from another planet, and I was sort of a dick in the beginning of high school, what can I say? High school was a rough patch for me, but by senior year, I was the nicest guy around, something sparked inside me, but anyways, it was mid-senior year when the alien joke was made, and my girlfriend-at-the-time called me a 'cute' alien to interject. That's when one of the friends said those words that would stick with me... 'Like Stitch from Lilo & Stitch" The nickname stuck. 

Now, after giving you some unnecessary background info about my nickname, I will give you necessary background info about this posts, and I expect some help from you. 'The Troubles of an Omo-Lover' is for everybody, we go through obstacles as Omo-Lovers. From stuck zippers to telling your S.O. about your secret fetish, I hope to cover all grounds. What I need from you is contribution, as an omo-lover myself, I have experienced a few obstacles, but not all, so that is where you come in. Please tell experiences, self or sighting, of omorashi, and, if you wish, give a step-by-step tutorial of how to avoid it. If someone already stole your thought, don't fret, please feel free to tell us of your experience with the problem. Without further ado - 'The Troubles of an Omo-Lover"

Occupied Bathrooms

Occupied bathrooms is one of the most common obstacles for our community. After a long hold, you're ready to burst, but alas, the bathroom is occupied, and you wet yourself. This has never happened to me, but I have a sighting that happened last month. It was a friday in October, and I decided to have little brother over for the weekend, he is 16 years old and a junior in high school, so I went to his school to pick him up. Driving up, I noticed an unusually long line for a school bathroom. It struck me as unusual because I arrived 15 minutes before he got out, so the last period was still in session. (When ever my little bro comes over, I pick him up from school usually a little early) I went in the office to request to pull "Bro" out of class. The secretary called, asked, then hung up. "The class is in middle of a test, can you wait a little longer?" I nodded. I sat down on a chair and pulled out my phone and started scrolling through Facebook.

About 5 minutes pass when a girl, 17 or 18, came in, taking slow steps. She was wearing white vans, gray ripped jeans, and a bright white hoodie. She had brown hair up in a bun, and was white. She had her hands shoved in her hoodie pockets, but I could tell she was doing that to ease her bladder inconspicuously. She aimed her small steps towards the staff bathroom in the office, which was right in front of me, but the principal emerged from her office, and walked into the single-toilet bathrooms and closed and locked the door. I heard the girl whine a little bit, and continued taking the steps in that direction, she probably figured it wouldn't take that long, but was she wrong. The principal must of had stomach issues or something, because I didn't see her for the rest of the time I was there. The girl scooted her way to the wall next to the bathroom door and leaned on it. I asked if she was okay, cause, y'know, manners... raised with them. She nodded.

She gasped at one point, and looked down, I followed her eyes. There was a small wet patch on her crotch, barely touching her thighs. She shoved her hands in her crotch, her face in pain, wrapped her leg around the other, then complete motionlessness. I heard a hiss, there was a stream making its way down, when it was just below her knees, she squatted, started to cry, and the stream redirected itself towards her ass. I couldn't look away. The wetness rapidly spread on her butt, and the hissing grew louder, and she peed very forcefully. There was a steady stream leaking through the back of her jeans, a yellow puddle spreading across the office floor.

The building must have been slanted or something, because the puddle was really making its way towards me. I wanted to jump in it, and roll around, but instead, I got up and dodged it. The stream coming out of the jeans slowed into drops, then stopped. The hissing quieted down simultaneously as the stream. She peed for a solid minute. The secretary came from around the desk, and squatted and put her arm around her, comforting her. "Why don't you use your sweatshirt to cover up?" The Sec said.

"Yeah *sniff* That's not happening." The girl said. The secretary and I both understood what she meant, so the Sec didn't question it further. I walked over, took off my black hoodie, and handed it to her. She looked up to me. "No, it's fine." She said to it. I moved my hand closer. She hesitantly took it, stood up, and wrapped her waist with it. She hugged me, the scent of urine strong, and thanked me. The Sec took her around the corner and down a hall, probably to the nurse's office. Just then, Bro walked in. He looked at the puddle, then at me, then at the puddle again, then at my pants, then at the puddle again. "Um... what happened here?" He asked.

"That's none of your business.... let's go, you little fucker." I said, and we walked out.

Your turn! Give another issue citizens of the Omo-community may face and tell an experience or sighting. If you wish, give a tutorial on avoiding the situation, or tell an experience you had with an occupied bathroom.

