Pissed Myself at the Grocery Store

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-11-16 21:25

I can't believe this happened to me...

On the way home from work, I had to stop at the grocery store to pick up some stuff to go with the roast for dinner. I got carrots and potatoes, but couldn't find the seasoning I needed at first, because I don't usually shop at that store. As I paced the aisles looking for it, I realized I had forgotten to hit the ladies' room before I left work. Really had to pee, too. I wasn't about to use the restroom at the store, though, ewww. In the seasoning aisle, a man stopped me and asked me to help him find the McCormick brand garlic powder. Being the nice person I am, I found it for him, but he started complaining that it wasn't on sale (only some of the McCormick seasonings were). Even though I really needed to go, I was pleasant "Isn't that the way it goes...the one thing you need isn't on sale", etc. before running off. I finally found the seasoning I needed, and went to the registers. Line, line, line, line, self-checkout, yay!

I started hurriedly scanning my things with my legs crossed tight. My bladder was cramping off and on, but I thought I'd still be good til I got home. I started putting the money in, and just happened to look up. There, in the distance, a sign reading "RESTROOMS", and I had a Pavlov type of reaction; another cramp from my bladder, but it was stronger, and I couldn't fight it. A big gush of piss escaped, and soaked my ass and halfway down the backs and insides my thighs before I managed to stop. Nothing else I could do besides finish putting the money in, take my change, food, and receipt, leave, and hope no one was looking at me; making an ass out of myself is not part of my watersports fetish.

I think I got away unnoticed. If anyone did notice my pissy pants, they didn't say anything, so I guess I got lucky.

*003*2016-11-16 22:00

{{13 minutes ago, WetDave said:

Oh just noticed you're so close to 1000 likes. I normally figure you don't need any more but I thought it'd be nice to nudge you towards a nice round 1000 so here's +1 from me.

}}

Thank you very much :)

*007*2016-11-17 01:36

{{3 hours ago, WaityKaty said:

You poor thing! I'm sorry. :(

I'm pretty sure this will happen to me one day as well. I've never had an actual Pavlovian leak in public, but I have totally have them at home. Sometimes it's like I kinda need to pee but am fine to wait for ages longer in principle but the moment I set foot in the bathroom suddenly it's an nearly uncontrollable emergency.

}}

Thank you :) At least it gave me a nice story to share here.

Yeah, it happens to me at home, too, but that's when it's fun and okay, hehe.

*008*2016-11-17 01:37

{{46 minutes ago, PWG said:

I just gave the 100th like. Woo!

}}

Thank you, you rock!

*011*2016-11-18 02:31

{{9 minutes ago, Gregg said:

I sometimes suspect that our habit of wetting our pants at home is at least partly responsible for incidents like this.

I think the more we wet our pants for fun, the more we break the psychologically ingrained notion that we're not supposed to, which makes it easier to do so on accident, even in situations where we don't particularly want to.

}}

Oh, I totally agree with that!

