My Childhood Christmas Tradition

Author: dampknickers

*000*2016-12-23 21:35

Just a memory from my childhood. First a little back ground information. I stopped wetting my bed by accident around age 10 but still wet it on purpose every so often until at least age 14. Anyway I would never get up to use the bathroom on Christmas eve and was quite content to just go in my pants. I can remember many Christmas Eves just laying in bed and just peeing in my pajamas. I did this every year until at least 14 years old. I'm the middle child and have both a younger and older sister.

My younger sister was still a bed wetter, but I can remember Christmas eves mom putting a rubber sheet on my older sisters bed this one night of the year before she came home from her friends house. She wasn't a bed wetter, but that one night of the year we always woke up Christmas morning in wet pajamas. Somehow mom never made an issue of bed wetting that one day of the year. I don't really know what to make of this other than perhaps she did this growing up or its a carry over from early childhood and she didn't want us getting up and getting into the gifts.

*003*2016-12-28 16:51

I still do visit family, but we never talk about childhood wetting. I do have a girlfriend Brenda who I grew up with that's also lax with pants wetting so I'm blessed that way !

*005*2017-06-18 18:02

{{On 12/30/2016 at 11:02 PM, Stanley79 said:

Great tradition! With family now physically distant, I often age play on Christmas eve and Christmas. My age play is mostly about nostalgia. You helped me remember: Every family Thanksgiving (US feast and prayers celebrating late harvest time) and Christmas, my mother and aunts prepared an early afternoon through late evening feast. A certain uncle prepared an adult punch bowl and a children's punch bowl. He refilled them regularly.

One aunt assigned her younger daughter, a cousin five years my senior, to look after me. Neither of us had age mates in the family. Sometimes we'd even game together. When I needed to pee and panicked over all the aunts lined up for the same reason, Cuz would remind me of he second restroom in the basement workshop and take me to it. Even with normal non-holiday liquids, Cuz's bladder status seemed to jump directly from 0 to 9 on the ten scale. She probably used the basement toilette, rather than check the proper bathroom and then dash the house length to the other.

About ninety minutes before we'd start the drive home, mother would have cuz take me on a Christmas lights tour through nearby blocks. While we were out mother would hide both punch bowls and gather up anything the cousins and I had scattered. Cuz always wanted to do things classed as slightly evil, but actually doing no harm.

One year about 6 blocks from my uncle's house, Cuz asked me to stay near the street and watch for other walkers while she stole a holiday light from a bush's walled side where no one would notice (an old screw-in type). With a clear view of a block either way and no one else around, I kept trying to see Cuz's progress through the bush. She seemed to being taking off a mitten (to unscrew a very hot bulb?!). But mostly she stayed hidden and taking longer than unscrewing a bulb should take. Afterwards, I thought the theft might have been more about a very full bladder. Usually, she would have told me before peeing. (Except around my prudish mother, Cuz would just plain gossip about herself.) But in this case I would have been upset about my own ouch-level need not getting met. Cuz had learned to more silently from at least two sources. But I had not at all. If she had to pee all that bad, not telling me was probably the right thing.

Anyway, thank you for triggering my memory.

Aside: I have extra difficulty holding when cold. When sledding was good I never wanted to stop.

}}

Sledding and to much hot chocolate were my downfall as a kid. Bad combination, I've peed my snowsuit more than once that way !

*007*2017-06-20 19:45

{{On 6/19/2017 at 2:52 PM, BENAir01 said:

Wait Im confused. What was the reason all of you would wet the bed that night?

}}

It was mom not wanting us to get up and see or get into the gifts. She only put them under the tree once we all went to bed for the night. I guess she figures that with the rubber sheet on the beds we would have no reason to get up at night. But because I enjoyed wetting my pants took full advantage of the situation !

