First time wetting in joggers

Author: Bisonwin

*000*2019-06-20 13:51

First time posting- but have been lurking for a while now- if you want to skip the start I’v marked the more interesting bit.

So recently I decided that it would be a good idea when the weather is right to go for a long walk to a nearby trail, if the weather was right I was planning on doing it today but unfortunately it wasn’t so I stayed in- but since I was already in the mood to finally do a proper wetting I decided to go try one in the house instead.

It started around 10am, I had drank some juice before this point and decided to get a can of cider since I wasn’t going anywhere and it would help me along- I also don’t bring any cups or plates into my room where I’d be spending most of my time at the start so only cans or bottles of anything are allowed (the only rare exactions being hot drinks)

I ended up getting the devision 2 when it was on sale on Xbox as I’d just gotten into playing it again but unknown to me before starting it the servers would be getting shut for maintenance at 12. I wondered about a bit collecting things and nursing my drink until I was notified of someone requesting help on a mission I had done- since I had a lot of time before I’d start needing to pee anywhere near badly I joined and we started making our way through the hotel.

About 10-20 minutes after I started we made it to the roof where there was the end boss- the mission was a good bit harder than the first time I had done it and this acted as a somewhat welcome brick wall for a good while. Basically the actual boss is in a lot of armour and wouldn’t take any damage from us even after I had broken it so after about 5-10 minutes we got wiped and had to start the fight over. This happened four times.

Eventually I did kill him but from me joining till finish took us an hour and by this point the juice and cider have started to hit and I’v been wanting to get the mission over with for a while now.

So from here I decided to go get a cup of coffee, normally in the house I’d drink decaf so I actually have any coffee to drink when I want it but some full-caf coffees can get the water flowing faster. Before I sat down earlier since I wanted this to be more authentic I had put on some underwear and was wearing my current lounge outfit mainly the grey joggers, so while I waited for the kettle to boil I tied the band as tight as I could just above my bladder so I couldn’t hold myself properly.

After the kettle boiled I started pouring it into the cup and could became more aware of my bladders fullness, I added the milk and stirred it then started pacing the kitchen while drinking it. Each warm sip made me think of it sloshing down into my bladder with each step helping it move.

Eventually I finished my coffee I took off my shit, put it in the washing and went into the bathroom as I knew it would be happening soon and I needed something to distract myself with. I decided to brush my teeth and when I looked into the mirror I saw how red my cheeks were, this was from a mix of the holding and alcohol (however little it was) and when I touched them it felt like you could fry an egg with them, my mouth was also extremely dry. After brushing as the fullness in my bladder while heavy wasn’t heavy enough or tiering enough to cause me to wet myself I decided to shave. During the saving I felt myself relax a tiny bit and a tiny spurt shoot out, I reached into my trousers and touched the tip of my underwear, very slightly damp.

As I continued shaving to pass the time when I was getting closer to finishing another spurt escaped, this time a bit bigger but not by much. While I was very occasionally loosing the odd spurt I knew I wasn’t close enough to wet myself so I sat down on the toilet seat and continued watching a reupload of a charity livestream I was watching beforehand. After about 10 minutes as sitting had really helped I was getting slightly bored so I decided to stand up.

As I rose it felt like a stone that had been floating in my bladder hit the floor. This feeling got me excited for what was to come. I knew if that even with me standing I would still need to wait another while before it became unbearable so I sat back down and would occasionally stand up again just to feel everything sloshing about in there. In an attempt to hurry things along a bit I logged on here and was scrolling through stories and pictures when I got the idea to sit on my knees. I stood up and the drop happened again and swayed with me as I walked over to the shower, every step I could feel myself tensing a tiny bit harder before trying to relax, I put my phone on the sink and stood with my legs as far apart as I could before lowering myself onto my knees.

From here I moved my knees as far apart as I possibly could while in the shower but the drop I had felt when standing was gone as my back wasn’t aligned correctly so I stood back up and spread my legs again. As the constant ebb and flow of tensing then slight relax continued I had again stuck my hand down my underwear and was trying to reposition everything. I tried tightening my waistband again but it didn’t work, it had slid down a bit since initially tightening it so I put it back onto my bladder even if it wasn’t causing much pressure.

Standing there with my legs apparent eventually I felt two hard spurts into my underwear so I jam my hand in there to feel the outside of it. I examine the outside of my joggers but the only wet patches are from my hands on the outer thighs from me shaving and a slight shaded outline of my very noticeable bulge once again probably from my hands when they were holding the outside. I wait another while before I feel myself start wetting a bit, not too strong but it had happened- I finally properly had started to wet myself unintentionally and in joggers.

I’d peed myself in old underwear before but had never properly wet myself. The initial stream was slightly weak so I started to push along with it and the torrent started the front of my black boxers were starting to get soaked and I could feel the pee splash about in the room it had in it, it took about a second or two of solid peeing before I felt it start to cascade down my leg. Beneath me the pee started looking around my feet and a sprinkling of it formed between them but there was nothing noticeable from the outside at this point.

After what felt like a solid 7 seconds of full blast flooding it started to show on the outside of the joggers- it started at the front seam just to the left and spread down towards the bottom, a tiny bit crept up and to the right while the rest had split down the legs following the trail that had been set out- on the outside it was one very thin line down each leg with little deviation from the main stream.

When I couldn’t push any more out of I examined the damage and felt the inside of my underwear- It was warn and kind of felt like the air after a storm. I preceded to take some bad pics (that I might share at some later date) and then turned on the shower and turned it onto jet and put it down my underwear. The warmth and power from the jet positioned just behind my penis made it kind of feel like I was peeing again, the few stray streams hitting the back of it also helped my enjoyment- this continued until the joggers turned almost black and I felt like I couldn’t pee anymore.

I then enjoyed the feeling to it’s fullest, went for a shower then started writing this- during that time Iv had to move onto the toilet again as it has started to become extremely difficult to hold what was left

