Walking home! (Short-ish)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-11-03 22:13

Hello and welcome to the third, and penultimate story from my time visiting HaD!

Please see previous posts under the same tag for context.

It was a nice evening this day, because after our dog walking and hot tub escapades, we went out to eat. I was a tad nervous because aside from HaD his wife, his daughter and their good friend S, I'd not really met any of them before, but knew all their faces from facebook.

The last time I used the loo before we went was probably around 5ish. I felt a slight urge during the meal, but nothing too bad, or too exciting. I had a pint of coke, and really by the time we left, I'm not sure what time it was, it felt like a couple of hours or so, I kind of wished I could muster up the courage to go before we left.

Once we were out of earshot and said goodbyes and such, I told HaD to 'guess what'. He managed pretty quickly to figure it out, and asked if I'd be okay for the walk home! The cheek!

Anyway, we were walking back to his house quietly, not saying too much cos I wasn't much in the mood to talk, which is surprising for me! When S caught us up on his bike. So I had to then pretend I didn't have a nagging urge constantly from my bladder. I tried to listen and join in chatting but I wasn't in the mood, and also was looking around at where I was, and feeling slightly distracted by my bladder. I of course went to my normal coping mechanism of lots of stupid jokes, which seemed to work quite well.

S parted ways when we were close to the house, and it still wasn't particularly urgent, so I wasn't too pressed about it. When we got in, I was a bit thirsty from the walk. Usually if I'm walking anywhere I find the air really dries out my throat and I get thirsty quick, this was no exception. I had some of my water that I'd been drinking before the hot tub, and a mug of tea. Again after their daughter went to bed, HaD, his wife and I spent some time watching stuff, the I.T crowd, and it got to being quite late.

I had spent way too long not paying much attention, being desperate but if I sat in a certain position it was easy to ignore. I was comfortable and sleepy so I didn't want to get up and go to the loo, even though I wasn't doing such a good job of keeping still. But eventually it became time for bedI stood up at one point and remember it became all too apparent after shifting positions the heaviness of my bladder, which was throbbing and painful.

His wife went upstairs first, and I was really desperate again, and unable to do much standing still. HaD seemed to notice that it was bad, and urged me to go on up before him, so I did! I got upstairs and peed for a good while, brushed my teeth and went to bed, feeling extremely relieved.

The final installment is much more edge-of-your-seat, so look out for that shortly!

EQ

