Peed myself in the backyard

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2019-08-17 13:57

Wetting experience, age 11. It was a hot summer day, and I was playing in the backyard shallow pool. I had been outside all morning, drinking plenty from my water bottle, and ignoring my mom when she called me several times to come inside and dry off. So even though I was aware of wanting to pee, i ignored it in favor of playing. I knew that once i went inside and dried off, my mom wouldn't let me go play in the pool again. The need went from bad to worse, and I had to grab my crotch from time to time to keep my pee in. I was too ashamed to pee in the pool... and too stubborn to go inside and use the toilet. So I kept playing for some time.

Then the urgency hit me full on, making me stop, grab myself with both hands, and hop up and down. I had to pee really really bad. I must have held my pee for over 2 hours, my bladder was sore, and my crotch ached.

I decided it was time to go inside. Still holding myself, I awkwardly walked to the door. I didn't get very far. After a few steps, I sprayed a spurt of pee in my swim trunks. I was barely keeping the rest in. I knew that it would take too long to get to the toilet before i wet my pants. I started to panic. I still didnt want to piss in the pool. But i thought i could pee at the tree in the backyard, then water it to cover up the pee puddle. I should have peed first, then got the garden hose. But stupidly, i went to get the garden hose, and for some reason turned the water on. And that was it for my poor bladder. I peed my swim trunks as soon as the hose sprayed water. I tried to hold it back, grab myself, but couldnt stop the pee from pouring out of me. To cover up that i peed myself, i hosed my trunks down, and jumped in the pool.

