My ex girlfriend's small bladder

Author: kingkong

*000*2017-08-24 23:20

Hi all,

I had an on-off relationship with a girl, who we'll call Kayla, for a few years. We were both in our early-mid 20s at the time. Kayla had a very small bladder and was always having to pee so she provided plenty of desperation sightings and experiences! I'm going to share those experiences in this topic - I'll update as regularly as I can. A couple of these I may have already shared some time ago, but there will be plenty of new ones too.

Some background first. Kayla was very attractive - around 5 ft 2, above average breasts and quite curvy hips and legs (without being fat at all), brunette hair and blue eyes. She looked great in a skirt, tight pants, bra and panties - pretty much anything. She was very aware of her small bladder, and she was not shy about admitting her need. So shyness was not the cause of her frequent desperation and near accidents (as it is for some girls who are embarrassed to admit their need or refuse to squat in public/use public bathrooms).

Her bladder was just so damn small she would get desperate quickly and in many situations where a bathroom was not immediately available. Because she was very open about needing to pee, sometimes she wasn't absolutely desperate but would just mention it, leading my mind to go wild with hopes, but it was just the case that she wanted to look for somewhere to go. I never quite worked out if she had a small bladder or if it was overactive. In any event it doesn't matter, the result was the same.

Anyway, enough background.

The most desperate I saw her was when she was about 22. We had gone away for the weekend, and had a couple of drinks out at a local brewery. She was wearing a summer dress that came to mid thigh, and underneath had black bikini style underwear with a few rainbow stripes on them. I had a few pints and I think she only had one (although she had had a couple of vodkas or wines beforehand I think). We left the bar and headed to a local takeaway for some food, and after started walking back to our hotel (about a half an hour walk, maybe a bit more). Just as we left she mentioned needing to pee but I ignored her, since she said it so frequently when we were out. I also of course enjoyed her getting desperate so would leave it to her to find a bathroom or initiate the search.

We stopped into a liquor store soon afterwards to grab some drinks for the hotel, and she mentioned that she 'really had to pee'. On the way out of the liquor store I saw her take a few steps towards the restaurant next door and I asked her what she was doing. She replied "Oh I was just seeing if maybe they had a bathroom I could use". I kept walking ahead a bit and asked her if she was really that desperate, and she said 'No I guess not, I can wait' and we continued on. I should point out that I would never have deliberately stopped her going - if she really wanted to go in she could have, and since she was not shy about admitting her need or popping into places (in the past) to pee, she definitely had the option of doing that.

We kept walking for another few minutes and I figured she wasn't too desperate (by her standards) because the conversation continued on as normal. But then she mentioned that she was getting a bit desperate -"Argh I really have to pee!". We were walking past a small park that was well lit and had a few people around, and I jokingly suggested that she just pop a squat behind a tall tree (I knew she wouldn't do that, although if she was very drunk or about to piss herself she probably would have).

She replied with "It's almost bad enough that I'd consider it. I'm really busting now!" I made fun of her and asked if she really had to go so badly so soon after leaving the bar, and she said "Yes! I had a whole pint of beer! You know what I'm like". At this stage I think it had been about half an hour or maybe 40 minutes since we left the bar. We continued walking and about 10 minutes later she said "Fuck I'm really busting now. Is there anywhere around where I can use a bathroom".

I pointed out that there was a bar about another 10 minute walk away, but before then there were just houses and shops that were already closed for the night. She said "Ok I'll have to go there. Fuck I really have to pee!!!". A couple of minutes later and she said again "I really have to pee I really have to pee..." and kept saying it really quickly. The she went quiet, and maybe 10 seconds later she groaned and put one hand between her legs - I had never seen her do this in public before, so I was pretty excited.

She didn't clutch herself with a full hand/wrist as I have seen other girls do, but instead just put two or three fingers between her legs and pressed right on where her peehole was. She kept her hand there for maybe 10 seconds but kept walking. I teased her a bit and said "Are you ok? Surely you're not that bad yet" and she said "I told you, I had a whole pint of beer! " and then groaned again. We were only a couple of minutes from the pub where she planned to pee, and along the way she pressed her fingers between her legs a couple more times, and kept making mindless conversation to distract herself. A couple of times she squealed and exclaimed "I really have to go!". I told her to keep holding I and we were almost there.

At least once she said "I could pee my pants now!", and when I pointed out she was wearing a dress she said "Piss down my legs then, whatever!". Finally as we approached the pub she turned the other way (the direction back to our hotel) - I asked her why she didn't go in there, and she said "Let's just go home". I wasn't complaining! (I realised later that she was probably too desperate to stand still and get her ID out and walk through the pub without pee dancing or holding herself, and she didn't want the embarrassment. There also could have been a queue inside for the toilets, so she might have panicked at the thought of having to wait with a toilet so close by!).

We were now only 5 minutes from the hotel, and as we walked she kept squealing and groaning (but not holding herself). As we got close she asked me to get the key out so we could get in the security door. I had my hands full with the drinks that we bought so I passed one 6 pack to her to hold but she just shook her hands in a panic and said "I can't concentrate on anything else right now". She then squealed again and said "Shit! I think it's coming out". I managed to get the key out and open the security door. She then started running and in a panicked voice squealing "Where's the toilet?". Since we were still in a communal area, I didn't know what she was talking about.

I asked her and she said "I think there's a toilet in the (communal) kitchen. Where is it", I told her I didn't think there was and our room was only one more minute away and she screamed "I cant wait! It's an emergency. Please its an emergency!". She started running towards our room and we got there in under a minute. As I swiped the key (which failed a few times - it was not deliberate on my part, but I wasn't complaining) and tried to open the door she was hopping from foot to foot doing a pee dance I hadn't seen before - not the quick jumping I had seen other girls do, but lifting each leg quite high and across her other leg, sort of like a slower more dramatic movement. At the same time she was holding herself again with a couple of fingers, and said a couple more times "Oh please hurry, it's an emergency".

Finally I got the door open, and while I would like to say she peed herself right there, she made it - she dashed inside (no longer holding herself) and said to herself "Oh it's ok, I'm ok, I'm gunna make it", went straight into the toilet, shut the door (unfortunately) and peed for over 40 seconds. While 40 seconds doesn't sound like much, for her it was ages - she rarely lasted 20 seconds, such was the smallness of her bladder. She came out just wearing her bra and black/rainbow striped bikini panties (which looked completely dry), claiming she was too hot after her mad dash to the toilet. I asked if she was ok, she said yes but panicked. I told her that she should have told me how desperate she was and we could have stopped somewhere (a bit of a lie since I suspected she was quite desperate, although not as bad as she turned out, and there were not many options for us to stop at on our walk where she could pee). All she said was "I wasn't lying! You know how small my bladder is".

I was incredibly turned on afterwards (naturally), but my attempts at kissing her were futile. She said was too hot and bothered and just wanted to lie down for a bit.

More sightings to come...

*001*2017-08-25 02:42

The second experience I have to share is the first term I truly saw Kayla desperate and in a bit of a panic about potentially wetting herself. Previously she had complained about being 'busting' or 'really needing to pee' often, or would run/walk off quickly to the bathroom, but she always seemed in complete control.

We were hanging out with some of my friends and driving to a bar about a 20 minute trip away. Kayla and I pre-drunk at my place for an hour or so before one of my friends picked us up (he was one of the designated drivers). She was wearing tight three-quarter length jeans, a sleevless blue top that was fairly low cut (showing off her great breasts) with white polka dots. I think her panties were standard black bikini ones with pink trim. Before leaving my place she had peed once, so she had already broken the seal, and in addition alcohol had the standard diuretic effect on her small/overactive bladder.

We were on our way and went to pick up another couple of friends on the way, but they didn't seem to be home, so we left without them. Then, about 10 minutes into our journey, we got a call from them asking if we could come back and pick them up. My friend and I discussed whether we should bother, and ultimately decided we would go back, but I think Kayla chimed in the background and suggested we just go to the bar. In hindsight her voice was a bit anxious and I think she was already needing to pee quite badly and wanted to get there as soon as possible.

We returned to pick up the two female friends, so the car was full. And we had all had one mixed drink on the drive (except the driver of course). On the way we got stopped by the cops for a standard breath test for the driver, who was fine. Just as we were getting pulled over we had warned everyone to hide there drinks (in case the cop was bothered by it, I still don;t know if it's actually illegal... anyway). But Kayla just handed me her empty bottle, meaning she had drunk it pretty quickly. I commented on her having already finished her drink and her reply was "Yeh. My small bladder isn't coping well with it!". Her voice sounded strained and worried. This definitely caught my full attention. She was sitting in the back seat so I couldn't watch her, but she kept kicking my seat by accident so she must have been shuffling around quite a bit.

We finally reached a turn that meant we only had about 5-10 minutes to drive. As soon as we did Kayla interrupted the drunken group conversation by saying "I REALLY have to pee!!!". No one really commented on what she had said so the convo just continued. Then another friend rang me and was discussing where we should go (and he would meet us). I asked the others about two potential destinations and Kayla responded quickly and loudly by saying "I don't care just as long as theres a fucking toilet!". This was making me hard. We picked a destination and as we drove past it (around the corner to park) Kayla sounded panicky: "I really have to pee I really have to pee. Did you see if there was a line out the front? I just want to get inside and pee!!!". She was trying her best to sound like she was laughing about it, but I could tell she was really panicking.

We parked and Kayla shot out of the car and started walking quickly to the entrance with her legs squeezed tight. I tried to hold her hand twice but both times she sort of pushed it away and shook both of her hands (I've seen girls do this before when they are really desperate, like they can barely hold on anymore). She said 'Sorry I just really have to pee. Let's walk faster!" and then "I'm going to go in first [she meant show her ID to the security guard first] and go straight to pee. If you don't get let in I'm not waiting for you. I just have to PEE!". I asked her if she was ok and her response was great "I could pee my pants now!!!!".

We quickly got to the door and there was only one person in front of us (damn!). She turned around and again said "I'm not waiting for you, I'm going straight to the bathroom!". She got in quickly and me soon after, and I caught a glimpse of her walking/shuffling really quickly down the corridor to the bathroom. She came out fairly quickly and joined us near the bar, where we had already got our drinks. She reluctant accepted hers, saying she was quite drunk (I think she was more worried about the effect of more liquid on her bladder. At some point I asked her if she felt better but I didn't get a response - I think she was quite embarrassed about almost peeing herself in front of my friends when she didn't know them very well. She peed again about 20 minutes later. Not long after that we walked down to another bar and she was walking quickly again, saying 'Argh I really need to pee again!". This was great! There was no more intense desperation though.

Throughtout this she didn't hold herself or cross her legs or do any pee dancing, but the sheer intensity of her desperation (you could tell from her voice) was amazing.

*003*2017-08-28 02:50

A shorter/quicker one for now:

Having such a small bladder, and enjoying a drink/pre-drink before going out, meant Kayla often got desperate on public transport.

One time we were getting the train from her place into the city to see a movie/visit some pubs/have dinner. She was wearing three quarter tight white pants, and a low cut sleeveless top. The train trip was about 30-40 minutes. We had a drink or two before we got on, and then smuggled a couple of beers to drink on the train (which is illegal, but oh well). She peed at the station before we left but the liquid worked it's way through her pretty quickly. After only 10 minutes or so I noticed she was drinking quite slowly. I commented and she said that 'she was very full'. I gave her a puzzled look and she clarified that she 'was starting to need to pee ... badly".

After another few minutes she said "Argh I need to pee really badly! I'll have to go to that pub right near the station" (the place where we were getting off had a crappy pub right near the station - she had often gone in there for the bathroom, saying it 'was a pub for peeing, not for drinking'). She wasn't getting panicky like in the experiences I posted above, but very uncomfortable and a bit worried - I could tell from the grimace on her face. She was shuffling in her seat a lot and tapping her foot.

When we arrived she said 'Finally! I have to pee so bad!". As we were walking along the platform there was a big crown of people who slowed us down. She squeeze her hands tightly into balls and said 'Fuck I have to piss so bad!'. She rarely said 'piss' so I could tell she was desperate. A minute or two later we reached the pub and she peed - bit of an anti climax unfortunately. The movie we saw was quite a long one, and she had to leave two or three times during it to go to the bathroom - the beers clearly making their way through her!

*005*2017-09-17 14:21

Another one - I think I've posted this somewhere before, but I'll put it up again anyway in case.

Kayla and I had been out at a friend's party the night before, and stayed the night at my parents house. We had both drunk a lot of beer the night before. Most nights she would get up to pee at least once, and sometimes (especially after a night of drinking) more than once. This particular night I didn't recall her getting up (I would normally wake up when she did) and the next morning I was woken up quite late by a phone call. I was still half asleep and pretty groggy, so I wasn't paying much attention to the call or to her, but I remember her getting up at the same time and hobbling to the bedroom door, looking desperate. She was wearing a singlet top with no bra, and loose pyjama bottoms with no panties.

While still on the phone, I saw her slowly open the door and peak out. She then shut the door quickly and hobbled back into bed, with both hands between her legs. I ended the call and turned to her. She was curled up in the foetal position with one hand between her legs, completely grabbing herself. I tried to hug her and she said "Please don't touch me I can barely move". I played dumb and asked her what was wrong and she said "I really have to pee. I'm really struggling to wait. Your Mum is having a shower so I can't go". I continued to make fun of her, and tried to caress her and put my hand between her legs (where her hand was).

She just said "No!" quite sharply, and then "Sorry. I just need to wee really badly right now". I decided to push it a bit further and ticked her a bit, and she squealed "Don't! I'll pee all over the bed". I told her she should go downstairs to our other bathroom but she said "No I'll wait she won't be long". I asked her "Are you sure? You're holding your vagina!". She said yes I'll wait. I suspected that she didn't want to go downstairs and risked being seen by my Dad, or my Mum (if she exited the bathroom at the same time), or risk having the downstairs bathroom occupied too.

I asked her again if she was ok, and she just said "I just really REALLY have to pee. Fuck I hope your Mum hurries up!". A minute or two later I heard what I thought was the bathroom door open, and mentioned it to Kayla. She got up very carefully and hobble to my door, with both hands between her legs. She peaked out and saw the bathroom was free, and then carefully removed her remaining hand (she had taken one away to open the door) and dashed out.

She came back dry, and looking very relieved. Again I tried fooling around with her and putting my hand between her legs, and this time I had more success :)

Note: at this point I should say that the reason I didn't keep tickling her and pushing things further is because a) I didn't want to force her or humiliate her, no mate how turned on I was, and b) I don't find peeing itself much of a turn on, and I didn't like the idea of her peeing in the bed either.

There were 2 or 3 other times where she woke up really desperate (and probably 20 times where she woke up just a bit desperate), and where she held herself, but that was more out of laziness and not wanting to get up, so she wasn't really on the brink of peeing herself.

