Lecture Desperation

Author: Carlow

*000*2017-07-31 09:59

So here goes. The day started normally for me, but I was feeling a little bit thirsty in the morning so I drank 2 cups of water (250mL) each. I then grabbed my 2 water bottles and headed out to class. (I'm a college student). Now I had forgotten that we had an extra long lecture today because it was a guest presenter, so I went to class and sat through 2 lessons. Now at the end of the 2nd lesson I was already pretty busting, so I headed out to lunch to go to the toilet to piss. Unfortunately, all the urinals were full, so I went back out. I guess I forgot to go back in to check because it was already time for the lecture by the time I finished lunch.

Oh well then, I thought I would be able to hold it. BIG MISTAKE. My bladder was probably already 3/4 full, and it was not going to be able to sit through lecture. I didn't want to get up during the lecture because I didn't want to miss anything, and it was a long way to the bathroom. Anyway, I chose a front seat and started listening and taking notes.

Halfway through the lecture, I feel a little something pushing in my groin. That's when I knew that I was really desperate. Well, I still thought I was going to make it through, so I pushed forward with an extremely full bladder. I was squirming from side to side, shifting, and I couldn't really concentrate. Still, I persisted. I think the person next to me saw, because he gave me weird looks. But I continued attempting to hold it, just for a couple more minutes. Well I didn't know that there would still be an hour left.

30 minutes to go, and I'm on the brink of bursting. I can't keep a straight face, and I can't keep it in. So I reach down into my pants and grab my dick to relieve the pressure. Man that felt so good. I was still squirming a lot, but continued to relieve myself every few minutes by grabbing my dick. I think I was basically pinching it to death by the time 15 minutes had passed, and the urge was extremely strong.

In the last few minutes, I knew I wasn't going to last. I was squirming around in my seat 24/7, clutching my dick so tightly, and using all of my available willpower. Now at this point, I wasn't listening to the professor whether I stayed or I went to the toilet, but my brain was too tired to work that out so I stayed. I was just praying not to wet myself when I let out a small leak, which made a mark on my pants. It wasn't very obvious, but it was a sign that I couldn't hold it for much longer. I reach deep into my pants and pinched the end of my dick to stop any additionally leakages.

The moment the lecture ended was pure bliss. I struggled every second to get up, also carrying my books and stationery with me, which I quickly stuffed into my bag. At this point I'm literally 30 seconds away from exploding. So I grab my bag and rush all the way to the toilets at the back of the hall. However, naturally there is a long line in the mens room and lots of people are lining up for the urinals. In a desperate attempt, I push past the line, muttering "excuse me" all the way. When I get to the urinals, they're all full, and so are the stalls. Well I'm not going to let that stop me. I wait a futile 10 seconds for someone to finish up, but no one does. At this point, I have to go NOW or I'll wet myself.

So I unzip my zipper... which does provide some resistance. I never seem to be able to unzip zippers properly, and this is was probably the worst time, esp. with all these people staring at me. After a tense and desperate struggle, I feel the stream starting, travelling through my bladder and urethra and out the other end. JUST IN TIME, I unzip the zipper and immediately whip out my dick and point it towards the nearest urinal.

So basically now there were two people using one urinal, which was super weird and awkward to begin with. But, as I notice, I also seemed to be so desperate to get to the urinal that I leaned in too far, and my dick made contact with the other person's dick. We shared a very, very awkward moment of dick touching, streams crossing streams. I apologised as soon as I realised, but that guy zipped up and left asap lol. I proceed to take over the urinal and piss in it for at least 2 minutes. When I finish, the line has shrunken significantly and only 2 people were still waiting. Wow.

That was so tense... but I was so turned on at the same time ;)

*004*2017-08-04 06:50

Lol yea that really did happen. Super super awkward :/

