My crush's predicament(part 3)

Author: tumbin

*000*2017-03-14 12:13

Hi guys. Sorry if I couldn't post it more early because I was really busy for the last few days. I had tons of stuff to do for school. And I couldn't post it last Sunday because I was sick. So sorry for the delay, here is the finale if the story and I hope you guys enjoyed.

We were about a quarter of a mile away from the cafe. Aliyah is not hiding her desperation anymore. She is constantly hobbling and fidgeting while walking. She had to stop every time another leak escaped. Thinking a flood would burst from a dam.

We walked passed a fountain,it had many people around maybe because of the fair we passed by. That din't help her case. It made her go even more. I checked on her if she is feeling okay. We hid behind a bush to check on the damage done. It looked bad. There was a wetspot on her light pink panties with the size of a golf ball.

As of that moment she leaked even more, after hearing the water gushing from the water fountain. It was more visible now. And her socks were also a bit wet I may add. She is near her breaking point and would burst at any second. She had to cross her legs more often to stop leaking. We were about a block away from the cafe, and aliyah was starting to loose hope if she can hold it.

She stopped to sit on a bench to cross her legs and hold her crotch to control the flood. She felt a small spurt of urine escape. It almost made her burst in her panties but she was able to control it. She was having trouble standing up because her bladder was really full. On a scale from 1-10 on the desperation scale, I would say maybe 8 or 9. We had to hurry, despite walking slowly to stop the flood, it was 7:20 PM. Only 40 minutes till the cafe closes.

We were really near to the cafe. And if we hurry, we could still make it to the cafe to eat or even drink something. Aliyah was at her most desperate state. She feels like she could burst at any wrong move she does. I checked my watch, it was already 7:35. We were walking slowly because aliyah almost couldn't move of the desperation she felt.

I received a text from my sister, she stayed she was going home because we were taking to long plus they were about to close. I couldnt ask her if there was a restroom in the cafe because my phone's battery died. We hurried though for aliyah to empty her bladder's contents.

We arrived at the cafe already closing. She had asked their employees if she could use their restroom but the guys said they don't have one. They only had one at the employee's office and their manager had the keys. We had to head to the bus stop, looking at aliyah who was ready to burst. We found a bite on the stop saying the next bus was an hour away, 9:20 PM.

We started walking to the next stop near the mall, which had always busses ready to go. We were about to leave when aliyah said she can't hold it anymore. I saw a few streams escape. Then a whole gush of pisscame next. She must have formed a lake of pee in the floor of the bus stop. She was peeing for two whole fucking minutes.

To me watching my crush get desperate and pee herself in front of someone was heaven, to her, it was hell. She was blushing as she started sobbing. I tried to cover her bum with my jacket but she refused. She said she was really embarrassed to piss herself in front of me, which she also had a crush on me. She apologized and headed to the next bus stop before I could say another word.

I felt happy but sad for her. She soiled herself at a age like that. She was really humiliated. I kept it a secret to everyone, even my own sister. I called my buddy who had a car to give me a ride. At school at Monday, she said her family moved because her dad moved to work at someplace in Brooklyn. That was the last time I got to see her. I wish I was able to say goodbye, and tell her she had nothing to worry about.

*001*2017-03-14 12:15

What do you guys want next, more wetting experiences or fanfics? Your vote.

