Self Imposed Restriction

Author: LivingOmo

*000*2019-09-27 04:07

Yesterday I was too busy to notice my growing bladder until I was incredibly desperate and my mind was transfixed on having an accident. I wanted to so bad, but my partner wasn't interested in it, and we're in a small space so I let the fantasy go down the toilet. Or so I thought! Today I couldn't get my mind off it and it was all I could do to hold in my empty bladder and not just force myself to pee (c'mon just a little?). While in University I was so focused on my studies I didn't think about it for a few hours, but during every possible break I was drawn back to sneak a peak at this website. I decided after class was over I wasn't allowed to use a toilet for the rest of the day. Aha! Now I had to wet myself, for I wasn't allowed any alternative. I didn't really need to go that bad so it was an easy decision to make.

I ran home, eager to be in the embrace of the love of my life, and eager to make an account here so I could share in my revelry.

Now that I'm sitting at my laptop, the consequences are much more dire. I was sweaty and hot from the run and gross so I needed to take a shower, and turning the water on immediately made my bladder drop. I have the tiniest bladder and can go from 0 to 100 fast. Before I stepped in the shower I tried something I had read about but didn't dare do during my run: leak a little into my leggings to relieve the pressure. I let the tiniest drop out and clenched my muscles to stop it. It was the most wonderful feeling ever, even better then my previous omo experiences. Everyone has their own spice, right? So I took off my clothes and showered, then put back on my soiled clothes. I went back to write and sip water and here we are now, a few hours later. My legs are crossed and I wiggle every so often. Once the pressure gets too great I'll leak again and start this process all over. Updates to come!

UPDATE 1: I Am Going crazy

It was a terrible idea to read a bunch of omo fics! Now I have to go again. I took a small leak then waited before taking another. I'm trying to spread them out so my pants dry and I don't get any on the carpet. Our whole apartment is carpet

I should have been taking small leaks this whole time. This is very difficult!

*002*2019-09-27 16:32

{{2 hours ago, tricot said:

Oh oh, it does seem trouble is/was on its way...

}}

It was! I managed to keep my hold going for about 8 hours all told, but my partner came out of our room and began to tease me and distract me. I let out a couple more leaks to try to relieve the pressure and he saw the wetness roll down my legs, which inspired him even more. He put his hands on me and whispered "You can let go right now."

I shook my head. I told him I can make it. I did for another long while but then he started stroking himself watching me and it was almost too much. I stood in the shower and waited for the end, when my muscles would give in. It took awhile, but he watched intently for any leaks and would touch me every time there was a dribble. I couldn't stop it and I peed my pants in front of him. Lets just say he wasn't done with me after that

