Can I get away with it? Hold (Pics)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-10-24 10:26

Hi everyone,

Sorry I haven't posted anything with pics or held to any extremes recently, however, I don't know how often I'll be doing this BUT.

The trains aren't running so I have to take 4 days off uni. What a shame!!

Yesterday I was discussing with legend jeanvaljean when I would next be holding, and the topic came up that I was going to be home alone for a few days during the day. However my mum has a complicated laundry schedule that I cannot mess with, so I didn't want to go for a full soaking!

I decided that I was gonna just not go to the toilet in the morning like one normally would, and go about my day.

I woke up at about 5am needing to pee, but put it off and rolled over, going back to sleep. I woke up at about 9ish because there's birds that live above my window and they were being exceptionally noisy. I came out of my sleepy state and needed to pee badly already, which woke me up. I grabbed my laptop and went on facebook and omo.org replying to a few messages and stuff, whilst sat cross-legged and wriggling with the need to go.

I took off my pj shorts, and put on some jeans and socks that need to go in the laundry, over my underwear that i was already wearing yesterday/whilst i slept. I was bouncing around and having to hold myself already. I decided it was time to brush my teeth. I went into the bathroom where I had to squeeze to control everything for a minute.

I ended up dancing around in desperation as I turned on the tap and really struggled to get it under control, but I regained composure by squeezing everything super tight, before gingerly reaching for my toothbrush.

As I brushed my teeth I was hopping from foot to foot, and leaking consistently. My bladder was heavy and hurting and I was basically spinning in circles, leaking all the while. Nothing was showing yet, but I wasn't going to give in, and even took some brave gulps of water from the tap! I quickly went to the separate toilet and stood holding on for dear life. My bladder leaking slowly but surely whilst I squeezed with all I had to get it to stop.

It was either hold on and clench both with my muscles and my hands, or relax for a minute and leak. I decided I was going to hold on. I was wriggling and dancing, bending over and straightening up, one hands, two hands in my crotch when I felt the first spasm and heard my urine patter against my underwear. I held on extra tight now jumping up and down but the second spasm came, and no matter what I did, and I fought massively, a massive jet shot out and soaked through my underwear and the crotch of my jeans. It was with such force that a stream shot down onto my foot!

I then ripped my jeans and underwear down and finished on the toilet, to avoid soaking myself and the floor and my parent's bath mat thing! In this time I noticed the pattern that jet stream had made on my foot and snapped a picture haha!

$$

I took my jeans and socks off back in the main bathroom and started running a bath, then came back to my laptop for a bit which was on my bed. I didn't realise how wet my underwear really was until I stood up and realised I'd left this patch on the bed!!

Sorry if you were reading that part way through I accidentally pressed published way before I was done! All fixed now

Hope you enjoyed it

EQ

*009*2016-10-26 15:03

{{On 10/24/2016 at 0:43 PM, mark21aus said:

Very nice! Thank you for sharing! :)

}}

Any time!

{{On 10/24/2016 at 7:54 PM, WetDave said:

Oops, you appear to have had a little accident!

Nice, thanks for sharing that.

}}

Haha it does, Dave

{{On 10/24/2016 at 11:04 PM, SofullItHurts said:

Wow how naughty and nice :-) I hope you enjoyed that as much as I have reading it. Love the little spatter on your sock, that must have been a powerful jet to go straight down leg like that. You did really well holding on until bitter end like that.

}}

Thanks, yes it was a powerful one I didn't expect it I found it to be quite amusing!!

{{On 10/25/2016 at 6:39 AM, watchingherhold said:

I thoroughly enjoyed reading about the hold and looking at the photo's. I loved the desperation and the way you carried on holding with determination, even after starting to leak.

}}

You have to keep going until the bitter end every time!

{{21 hours ago, wettingman said:

I love your description of your desperation and subsequent wetting. The pictures make it even better. Thank you.

}}

No problem, thank you so much for commenting!

{{21 hours ago, wetman22 said:

Absolutely loved it! Amazing pictures as always, and a great story to go with it. Trust me when I say I really enjoyed it :)

}}

I'm so pleased hahah!

{{18 hours ago, imadl said:

Great story! Thanks for sharing :)

}}

You're welcome :)

{{18 hours ago, dampknickers said:

Excellent posting and Great pictures !

}}

Glad you enjoyed it!

