Best friend story ever

Author: yoyohalo

*000*2012-02-19 18:43

I have another story from my childhood so enjoy. ( by the way i'm not gay it was the only bed i could sleep in)

Ok it all started when me and my best friend where having a sleep over and we where in kindergarten so we weren't that mature so I arrived at his house and it was a very hot day so we drank allot of water ( do you see where this is going)?

It was night time and we where brushing our teeth and I told him to use the bathroom, but he said he didn't need to go so i went just in case i needed to pee and then we got to in the bed together.

I woke up feeling really wet so i thought i had pissed the bed and I was like "OMG what have i done!!!!!", but it turns out me friend beside me had pissed so badly that the whole bed was pissed like the cover mattress undercover everything.

Well I was soaked in my friends pee and he was just waking up then he went all silent knowing he pissed the bed and that i knew he did it.

He apologized to me and ran out to his mom to get cleaned up then his mom came in cleaned me up and I just went back to sleep on the floor ( which was surprisingly really comfy ).

Well the next day his mom drove me home and I went to school but i did not see my friend at school and i thought that he thought i would tell everyone about what happened but i'm not that mean (we like just became friends).

Well a couple days later (and yes he did return to school the next day) I felt really bad for him so i wanted to make it up to him.

That night I was going to go back to have a sleepover with him again but i made sure to not go to the bathroom all day so my plan would work ( i had a stronger bladder when i was younger).

Well it was time for bed and i said sorry to him but he did not know why so i continued with my plan and it was succeeding and my bladder was getting full and was almost time to finish my plan.

It was 9:00pm and i really needed to pee so I started to show to my friend that i really needed to pee and he said to just go to the bathroom well i told him " aghhhh i'm no going to make it" then i forced my bladder to give up and wetted my pants so badly my whole pj's where completely soaked with no dry spots (I did not notice how much i drank that day).

Well there I was standing there with my pants drenched in pee and a huge puddle at my feet and I started to blush then I told him to go back to sleep and i would sleep on the floor.

So the next day we did not tell his mom what happened and I slept in my hot pj's quite well and thats how we became best friends plus that's also when i liked to pee my pants.

The very next day at school I told him why I pissed in front of him and he said thank you.

Well him and me have many stories to share but those are for later. Hope you enjoyed.

*002*2012-02-20 13:36

Next time read it more carefully.

Also i have a whole bunch of more story's to share with you guys.(like my little sister's story's)

*004*2012-02-20 13:56

Yea i still know where he lives right now.

(getting peed on actually feels great :D)

*005*2012-02-22 02:08

{{ 

Sleeping beside someone who wets the bed is actually one of my greatest fantasies. Though I'd want it to be a girl, not a guy.

}}

Yep i know, don't we all?

*007*2012-02-23 23:39

Dont we all love those stories? because isnt that why we are all on this site?

