Tactical Pad Use in the Field

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-12-04 22:03

Right, so this isn’t a long story, but I thought I’d share a little ‘creative’ use of pads that occurred to me. The other day I was out with work colleagues for a celebratory lunch at one of our favourite places around the corner. One of our directors was paying and I had been dealing with a volunteer at the front area of the office, so when the whole herd of work folks met me at the door and told me we were all going out for lunch, I grabbed my coat and joined them. This of course meant that I did not have my purse…

There were about ten of us, and we settled into a larger booth and started ordering. Now many of my work colleagues can be a little intense at times, but we do know how to let our hair down so to speak. It wasn’t long before funny stories and anecdotes were being swapped back and forth. Someone put a new spin on an old inside office joke and I laughed very hard (and almost spilled my tea). I kind of lost myself in laughing and almost didn’t feel the inevitable accompanying leak of pee into my panties.

After a good hearty laugh that lasted I don’t know how long, I composed myself and became more aware of the situation. I felt very wet between my legs, and I knew that it was one of those more serious leaks. Not a couple of droplets easily absorbed by the gusset of my panties, but the kind where panties get soaked, and if one could, if one were sitting down, also get one’s other clothing wet.

I carefully weighed my options, I wasn’t at the end of the booth, so quickly nipping out wasn’t an option, I was going to have to get people to move to let me out to visit the loo. I could also wait until the end of lunch and then just make sure I was the last person out of the booth and in the group so no one would see a potential wet spot. I also didn’t know the extent of the damage and whether it would be visible to my work colleagues. This wasn’t too likely, as I was wearing a black pencil skirt with a slip, so even if the wetness had gotten all the way through,

I needed more information so I shifted my body and surreptitiously reached my hand under my bum to feel for damage. Was it damp? Or was that just from the pleather of the seat and my body? Regardless, I didn’t feel a huge wet spot, so that was reassuring.

I decided that I should probably change quickly, so that my accident didn’t soak through and become visible. So with as little fanfare as possible, I excused myself from the table and asked a couple of my colleagues to get up to let me out (squeezing past them was not an option given the potential dampness of my skirt).

I exited in such a way as to keep my bum away from the table, and ended up making a somewhat circuitous loop to the washroom to avoid showing everyone my potentially wet backside.

Once in the washroom I rolled my skirt around to inspect the damage. There was a faint wet patch on the bum area which was almost invisible given its size and the colour and material of the skirt. Rolling this up and pulling my panties down revealed that my slip and panties had caught most of the accident. There was a substantial wet spot on the satin slip, which I padded with balled up toilet paper.

My panties were another story. They were soaked. I slipped these off.

As you can see, I had completely soaked the gusset. I was surprised that I hadn’t got my skirt more wet, and quietly commended myself for nipping off to the loo when I had, rather than sitting there and letting things soak through.

While emptying my not very full bladder I weighed my options. I normally carry a spare pair of panties in a little baggie in my purse, but this was of course back at work. I could slip off my panties and go commando for the rest of lunch. This didn’t seem like the best of ideas, as jokes were still bouncing around the table, and despite my taking the precaution of emptying my bladder now, there was no guarantee of avoiding further little oops moments due to laughter. While this particular skirt is knee length, so the chances of my flashing anyone were negligible, I am not really one for going without undies.

Instead, I opted for drying my panties as best I could with toilet paper and paper towel. It’s when I went over to the sink to grab some paper towel that I noticed a new addition to the bathroom – a little basket of pads and tampons. This has been a growing trend out here on the west coast, a group call the Period Promise succeeded in getting free pads and tampons in school washrooms and has been pushing for free menstrual products. While we come into this place a couple times a year to celebrate as an office, I hadn’t noticed the basket there before. I quickly rummaged through the basket and found a pad with wings (there were only two options, pads and tampons, and nothing fancy).

Having padded my panties as dry as they were going to get with paper, I unwrapped the pad, and stuck it into my still wet panties. I wrapped the wings around the gusset, and was pleased that the entire wet spot was wrapped in pad!

Usually you use a pad to keep your panties dry (or clean), but in this situation I used the pad to keep my already wet panties off my skin and cloths.

I straightened out my clothes, and made sure that the wet spot on my skirt was invisible (it was), washed my hands, checked my makeup and hair briefly, and headed back out to lunch.

I was glad that I opted for the pad, as despite my precautionary pee, I had another small leak towards the end of lunch, again the result of one laughing, but this time it was a small leak. I could feel the dampness on my lips though, and was mostly confident in the pad catching it.

After lunch, we headed back to the office. I wasn’t able to change right away, as lunch had gone a little long and my post-lunch appointment was waiting for me, but as soon as I could, I grabbed my purse and quickly changed in into my emergency backup panties in the washroom. Just for good measure, I swapped in a fresh Always Discreet pad I also pack in my purse.

The rest of the day was uneventful.

Rach

P.S. If you enjoyed this story and wanted a souvenir, the panties in question are still available for sale and they are delightfully dirty. Here's me in the panties from a photoshoot on another day:

$$

*002*2019-12-05 07:51

{{5 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Do you, like my older cousin, have laughter leaks when not feeling any urge? Congratulations on dealing with it without it becoming a social incident.

}}

Yeah, and sneezing, coughing, orgasming, and working out hard. The usual stress triggers will often cause little leaks.

And thanks, I'm pretty good at coverups at this stage

*006*2019-12-06 03:54

{{19 hours ago, Will1994 said:

When I read the title the first thing I thought was that someone was suggesting using a pad or other absorbent product as a bandage because it's absorbent.

}}

I thought I might use some click-baity headlined, and I'm sure that's been done, actually, most pads would make excellent bandages, I've definitely use them for that purpose

{{6 hours ago, WetDave said:

Nice, thanks for sharing. And thanks for the bonus picture of your delightful rear end! I’ll try not to be too much of a dirty old man and avoid perving over it too much.

}}

Awww thanks!

