Desperate Dash Home

Author: SaQra

*000*2020-07-05 16:36

So today a lot of stores in my area reopened for the first time since the lockdown started. I really didn't want to go out in the crowds, but I needed to go and pick up some necessary food items and medication, so I got up grudgingly and put on some red boxers, a darker red pair of tights, and some brand new denim shorts I got recently. Before I left my house I drank a decently tall glass of water, then put on my mask and left.

It was about an hour's walk to the shops without using public transport, so the water had plenty of time to reach my bladder. Though my bladder is fairly small, it wasn't enough to worry me yet. However, the heat of the day was pretty intense, and once I was browsing the grocery store I decided to get a bottle of Coke to keep me energised and hydrated for the walk back. Needless to say this was a bad idea. I bought the soda and a few other bits, then gulped down about 1/2 of it (250ml) before moving onto the next store.

By the time I was done with my shopping, I did notice a definite need to pee. I knew I probably had an hour, so I'd be okay, but I didn't consider that, during the course of the second shop, I'd also finished off my soda. As I left the stores, the other 250ml of liquid hit my bladder and a small leak spurted into my shorts (1st image). I let out what I'd imagine was a slightly audible yelp, and hurriedly walked out of the shop, hoping to get home. I made it about halfway before another, much bigger leak escaped.

After this large leak, I stopped in the middle of the street and saw there was now a slightly bigger patch on my clothing, so I upped my pace. This didn't stop another sizeable leak before I got home though...

As I reached my apartment I rushed inside, then sat on the toilet and let my stream out, inspecting the damage to each layer of clothing. Now I'm lying on my bed in my damp shorts and thinking about my next hold...

$$

$$

$$

$$

