Peeing Myself in the Living Room [Pics]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-07-30 17:32

Well, some days a girl wants to orchestrate an elaborate desperation session followed by an accident in special clothing that makes her feel innocent, exposed and enhances the feel of the wetting experience. Sometimes a girl wants to carefully plan a very subtle public accident or near accident, carefully orchestrating something discreet but incredibly sexy. Sometimes a girl wants to slip on a soft pair of cotton panties under a short but not too short skirt, sit in the park reading a great book and slowly but imperceptibly soak her panties and water the grass under her bottom.

And then there was yesterday, when all I wanted to do was to stand in the middle of my living room in nothing but the panties I wore all day at work, and empty a very full bladder. I had a long and somewhat stressful day at work, and this is exactly what I did when I got home. I had the apartment to myself, as my husband was still out at work (not that I’ve not wet in front of him). The Skytrain ride home was hot and sticky (it’s been very warm here these past few days), and my bladder was all but full by the time I got home.

The second I got through my door, I pulled off the knee-length red floral summer dress I’d been wearing all day, unfastened my bra, kicked off my flats and tiny socks, and went into my closet in nothing but my red cotton panties and a smile. I grabbed a Goodnites bedpad, which are always handy. I then cranked some lovely classical music, so that is suffused the whole apartment, filling it with timpani and clarinets. I spread the pad out in the middle of the living room floor and stood there, relishing the anticipation of what I was about to do.

And then, my legs slightly apart, I released. In the warmth of the day, my pee was molten against the skin of my inner thighs but already felt cool by the time it reached my feet to puddle sexily around them. My bladder was pretty full at this point and I tried to drag out my wetting as long as possible by minimizing the flow, something I did poorly. As I released, which took a little over a minute, I could feel my sex throbbing and getting even warmer.

$$

After my bladder was empty, I stood for a little while, revelling in the feeling of my gradually cooling panties against my sex, and the soothing drip, drip, dripping of my sodden panties interspersed amongst the sounds of the music.

$$

After I had stopped dripping, I gave my butt a little wiggle to shake off any remaining droplets (a good girl doesn’t drip on the carpet), and slowly slid my panties down my slick and sticky legs. I left them there and jumped into the shower where I cleaned myself off and fingered myself to a delightfully wet orgasm.

$$

Once I was all dried off, I headed back into the living room to clean up and snap some pictures of the aftermath. The music still filled the apartment. I love how you can see the print of my feet in the yellow puddle I made. I made sure to artfully drape my panties for you viewing pleasure.

$$

Hot weather apparently makes me want to do lots of pee play.

$$

Rach

*005*2018-07-30 21:57

{{1 hour ago, xxxxx said:

Amazing

If it's not too personal a question...... What was the music?!

I've always thought an early part of Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No.1 is 'music for wetting yourself to'. Starting here

(2m 6s), you've got the desperation, a few little sprinkling leaks, some more dramatic cramping, the anticipation, then the divine, long, flowing release followed by those little drips and drops that come afterwards and then the quiet shame of what you've done and then something... playful... I've never been able to hear it the same way since I thought of that...

}}

We should start a thread on this! Best songs to we by It was Mussorgsky's Pictures at an Exhibition, I love how diverse it is. But I'll have to give Tchaikobsky a try Tubular bells (not a classic but excellent), has also worked in the past

{{53 minutes ago, dampknickers said:

Excellent choice of panties !

}}

Why thank you They are still for sale if anyone is interested.

*007*2018-07-31 18:48

{{7 hours ago, Sentinelchicken said:

Original solo piano or Ravel orchestration?

}}

Orchestration, only way to get those drums and the flighty flute solos. Be reasonable

*010*2018-08-01 20:48

{{22 hours ago, wetguyy10 said:

I wet myself when i got home from work today too lol. not full on (dont want all the clean up) but enough so there was a baseball patch wetpost on my khakis and my boxer briefs were pretty wet lol(;

}}

MMM pics or it didn't happen Lolz.

{{6 hours ago, pissypants2005 said:

I think the Barber of Seville would be a good desperation soundtrack. The tempo and dynamics give off a sense of urgency.

}}

Mmm interesting, a nice opera with a huge crescendo, where one finally unleashes, would be nice... but it would need to be long, like Wagner..

$$$$

*013*2018-08-06 09:42

{{On 8/3/2018 at 3:23 PM, wetguyy10 said:

Rachelkirawn as promised(;

}}

How delightful, good jeans choice by the way

Hawt!

*019*2019-09-06 05:41

{{15 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Another epic story. Where do you buy pads like that?

}}

That is a simple Goodnite's Bedpad.

