Bursting in a Taxi

Author: Ally98

*000*2018-06-07 00:56

It’s been a while since I was caught up in such a desperate situation as yesterday.

So I went to China on an exchange programme last year and I really enjoyed it. I made a lot of dear friends, and for the coming two weeks, I’m back there again to visit my friends and relatives for a quick holiday.

My flight to China was pleasant enough. I came from Australia where the weather is cool, but summer is approaching in China so I went to the bathroom to change out of my autumn clothing as the plane was nearing its destination. By then, I was already feeling an urge to pee. In the bathroom I wrestled in the tiny cubical, squeezing out of my jeans, and changing into my shorts and T shirt. For a second I considered whether I should pee then and there, but I was clutching an armful of clothes and I figured I could pee once I was off the plane.

The plane slowly closed in on the airport, and by the time it had landed I was pretty desperate to pee, and my legs felt a little jelly from the urge.

After going through immigration and grabbing my luggage, I was dragging two suitcases (a girl needs her clothes!) and my handbag, and there were lines at the girl’s bathroom. I had to pee pretty badly but I didn’t want to pee while carrying so much stuff and I was confident I could hold it in till I reached the hotel where I was staying. After making this terrible decision I went to take a taxi.

The taxi lines were long and it took another 15 minutes till I finally got my taxi. I needed to pee pretty badly and I was already starting to regret my decision. All the juice I drank on the plane was flowing to my bladder, and I found myself unable to stand still. I put my whole weight on my vagina, pressing against the suitcase handle, and it made the wait bearable.

The taxi driver was a 40 year old looking guy. He said his back trunk was full so I had to put my suitcases at the backseat, while I sat at the front. We then set off to my hotel.

The urge to pee grew and grew, and I was absolutely bursting to pee. The taxi driver seemed very interested in me and kept talking to me, asking me about where I’m from and what I’m doing in China, but I was so desperate I couldn’t quite focus on his talking. I crossed my legs as tightly as I could to hold it in. I considered telling the taxi driver to stop by for a while so I could pee, but I was too shy to tell some random dude I needed to pee.

The hotel was further than I thought, and the driving took forever. A car cut in land and the driver stopped the car with a jolt. The seatbelt pressed on my bladder so hard I felt a huge pressure on my pee hole, and I had to clutch my vagina to hold my pee in. The driver asked if I was ok, and I realized I was becoming pretty obvious, so I told him I really needed to pee, and asked if he could let me off so I could find a bathroom. He assured me that we were ‘almost there’.

While he drove on he kept saying how holding my pee is unhealthy, but I couldn’t help but notice how he kept leering at my legs as I held myself. I was trying to avoid holding myself in front of him but I was just too desperate.

It was around 7:00 pm then and people were going home from work. As you might expect, there was a lot of traffic. I think after 15 minutes later I couldn’t take it anymore, and I suddenly burst out ‘我要尿出來啦’ (I’m going to pee) and I started crying. I didn’t, of course, pee, but I was so desperate every second felt like I was about to lose control. I was literally bouncing on my seat in desperation, and I didn’t want to pee myself in a taxi. I begged the driver to let me off for a while so I could find a toilet, but he just kept saying we’re almost there. Part of me suspected he was enjoying the show, and if he were I knew he would just drive till I peed myself. But there was nothing I could do in that position. My best hope was to keep holding it.

The taxi seemed to drive on forever. My shorts were really tight, and my bladder was so full that I undid my button in hopes of giving it some ‘space’. Eventually, the taxi stopped at a traffic light, and right outside the window was a public bathroom! I told the driver to stop for a while so I could pee, but he kept saying he couldn’t stop at a traffic light. I was so desperate to pee I considered bolting out the car for the toilet, but I couldn’t leave all my luggage in the car and risk the driver driving off. I looked longingly at the toilet as the lights changed and we drove off.

I was on the brink off peeing myself, and so I yanked my shorts off, and told the driver I’m about to pee in his car. He quickly pulled out a bottle and told me too pee in it. As I was opening the bottle pee was already gushing out. I tried my best to aim and I peed until I had almost completely filled the bottle, which was a large one. I cleaned myself up and put my shorts back on. We finally arrived, and after i unloaded all my stuff the driver drove off. Hopefully I’ll never have to see him again.

*006*2018-06-08 14:58

{{On 6/7/2018 at 12:41 PM, 147741 said:

Long time no see. That is dramatic! Guess the driver must be upset that he has to clean the taxi. Just wondering why all your stories are happening in China though you are from Australia. Hope to hear your story when you are not there.

}}

Haha well I just happened that my recent experiences happened in China that’s all. Went there awhile ago in an exchange programme and now I’m back again to visit friends and relatives ^^

*008*2018-06-09 11:00

{{19 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Nice story. I wish I was a girl. Things like that never happens to me, even when dressed as a woman.

}}

Haha if you’re a girl you’ll envy how easy guys can pee in any given location to avoid an incident

