Holding contest

Author: Donuts are omo

*000*2015-10-16 22:28

Hey guys, My boyfriend Jayden and I just got finished with a holding contest 2 hours ago so I thought I'd write about it. I was wearing Tight Jeans and a Minnesota Twins T-Shirt, Jayden was wearing sweatpants and a Halo 4 T-Shirt, Enough describing here's the story. Jayden and I were sitting on our couch chatting and since we both like omorashi we thought we should do a holding contest to see who has the better bladder. You half to hold it until you can't hold it any longer and you wet yourself.

I went to go get us each 5 big glasses of water.

I brought them back to the table and we each started both drinking our glasses of water, I felt like I was going to lose because I have a kinda small bladder, I've always dealt with a small bladder as a kid I had an accident almost every week (due to my mean teacher and a small bladder). As I was finishing my first glass Jayden was already half through his second one.

Fast forward 30 minutes.

I felt my bladder filling up quickly after finishing my fourth glass. Jayden had already finished all of it as he drinks very fast. I was Dancing in my seat while it looked like Jayden was just fine, He grabbed his crotch every now and then but he looked fine. I was about a 6/10 and Jayden said he was a 4/10.

Fast forward 35 minutes.

Dying for a wee as I'm at a 9/10 and Jayden said he was a 6/10. He was definitely going to win this. I went and grabbed a few towels so when one of us pee ourselves I won't half to spend the whole evening trying to get the smell out. I feel a couple of spurts but no big deal my under wear absorbed it. I drifted slowly to a 10/10, I knew it was only a matter of time before it was over for me. I put towels beneath the both of us. Jayden said I don't know how much longer I can hold it I feel like a 9/10.

If I could just hold on just a bit longer I could beat him but I doubted it. I look over and see a wet patch appear on his sweatpants. I could feel myself getting a wet patch and a streak go down me.

It was over. My pussy accepted defeat and my bladder started pushing out the pee at full force. My towel was doing its job but after 10 seconds I half to switch it out I quickly try to stop the flow as I put another towel on. I get it on and imediatley start relieving my self. I soaked the towel and I was finished. A little spot on the couch no big deal. Jayden won and he started doing his victory cheer. He stands up to rush to the bathroom but that changed. He stood up and he completely lost it he was peeing very rapidly, He looked so hot and I got horny. I heard his ahhhhhhhhhhh........ As I heard the hissing of the pee. There was a giant puddle on my floor but once he started he rushed into the hard floor kitchen releiving him self there. We both had to change and get a shower. :) He has the stronger bladder but not much stronger.

Hope you guys enjoyed. Stay omo!

*006*2015-10-18 15:49

{{ 

Very nice!

Have you measured how much you can hold?

}}

Yes I have, I can usually hold to about 4 hours to 3 and a half hours.

{{ 

I especially enjoy stories of mutual holding until you wet your pants, with both partners enjoying the others desperation. Thank you for sharing.

}}

Yes, It is very nice hearing stories of other people holding until they wet.

{{ 

Sounds as a exiting evening :). i supose you have done it together before? so you know one another well.

}}

This was our first time doing a holding contest. But we are both into omorashi so we do other holding activities

