Desperation- A While Ago

Author: Ryoku-the-Fox

*000*2011-05-25 17:03

First story post! Woo! haha, anyways...

So this experience is from kindergarten.. I've never written anything for omorashi or desperation before, but I have to start posting, right? heheh, so just bear with me.

I've always been a shy person- I was a very quiet student in school, still am, and have never wanted to do or say anything in front of other people that has any possibility of being embarrassing. One day in kindergarten we were going to a formation of chairs to practice a song we were learning. This is where the memory starts, so I already had to pee at this point. In the formation, there were some kids that would sit in the chairs, and some that would stand. I remember wishing desperately that I could just sit down to sing, to take some of the strain off my bladder. No luck. My teacher instructed me, much to my chagrin, to stand, and to make matters worse, in the middle. At least if I had been in the back I could have held with no one noticing.

We began singing, and it seemed to go on forever. I couldn't hold still- rocking back and forth and having to grab occasionally to keep my bladder under control. After a few minutes of singing, my teacher stopped us, noticing my unfortunate state. She asked if I had to pee, and I said in a tiny embarrassed voice that I did. She asked another teacher to walk me to the bathrooms. The teacher walked much too slowly, trying to have a conversation with me on the way to the bathroom. Finally, we reached it, and I ran into the nearest stall. I pulled down whatever shorts/pants/tights I was wearing at the time (can't remember) and peed! The relief was so amazing! After that I returned to the class and continued singing.

I've got another desperation story for you guys, but I'm, gonna save that for another post! Sorry if this one sucked, but thanks for reading anyway!

*003*2011-05-28 03:28

{{ 

That is a really good first. May I suggest adding a slightly bit more detail? It is just a little constructive criticism. :D

}}

Yeah, there's not much detail in this one. Heheh. Even though I've been browsing this site since before I joined it, I'm new to writing about desperation. I'm gonna post another story soon, with more detail. Thanks for commenting! :)

Oh! And I found a mistake in my own story! lol, this experience was in preschool, not kindergarten. Maybe not a important difference, but whatevs. Just wanted to correct it.

