Wettering the Flowers

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-10-04 16:54

So this little incident occurred when i was in preschool, so around age five or so. This was in the spring time, I think it was around early to mid May. It was a bit warmer out, so rather than my usual get-up of a white T-shirt, dark blue sweatpants, and matching sweater, I was garbed in a lime green T-shirt with some swirls on it in a kind of Triskelion-esque pattern, a pair of checkered shorts, and my shoes.

In a bit of early child adventurousness (I blame Tommy Pickles), and perhaps a bit of curiosity, my five year old mind wondered "Can I go today without my diaper.", and so, after being dropped off, I went into the bathroom. Shimmying my shorts down (I would only start to deal with clasp pants in kindergarten, these, like the sweatpants, only had a garter), my somewhat chubby fingers manuevered around the tapes, and untaped my diaper. Grabbing it and folding it in half, I stowed it away, if memory serves, in the crevice between the little trash can, and the wall. Fixing my shorts, I left the bathroom.

It was a bit after Arts and Crafts, a few hours of snacks and juice boxes later, that I felt a familiar twinge in my younger bladder. Pressing a hand to my crotch, I used all the potty training I had (And I had been potty trained. I don't know what age though), and managed to clamp down on my need to pee.

Now, our preschool had a fairly small garden in the back that the teachers would often, weather permitting, allow some of students to help out in, things like watering the plants or doing some minor hoeing to make way for seeds, etc. Well, the next portion of the day, the teacher and her assistants picked out a handful of students, me being one of them. As I exited the classroom with one of the TA's and the three other students, my need to pee slowly, but surely, began to grow.

It didn't help that I was assigned to watering duty. Crossing my legs a bit, I looked over my shoulder. The aide was helping one of my classmates with hoeing, and the other two were busy with their own tasks.

Shifting a bit closer to the plants, and knowing that I wouldn't be able to slide the front of my shorts down in time to save them from getting even a quarter's sized stain, I let go. Relief and warmth filled me as the front of my shorts darkened, and sprayed onto the earth below, mixing with the water from the spray can. A bit dripped down my legs as I finished up, and kept on watering till the can was empty.

*002*2018-10-05 23:14

{{42 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Interesting. Was the wet spot visible?

}}

Not that I can recall, at least not easily

