Khaki Shorts Wetting [pics]

Author: anon789

*000*2016-02-10 17:16

I never tried wetting in shorts before, so a couple of weeks ago I decided I would do another simple hold in some old Khaki shorts (are they Khaki though? I legitimately don't remember if that's a type of cloth or color or something). Instead of doing a holding challenge like I usually do, this time I decided to distract myself by sitting in a holding position and playing some Assassin's Creed (Black Flag is soooo fun, except for that one legendary Man-o-war that rams you relentlessly, **** that ship).

Anyway, I did just that. Drinking some arbitrarily inordinate amount of water throughout the game, about an hour in I began to feel quite uncomfortable, but not enough to stop me from starting a fight with the Spanish (or British, I don't remember) by firing a barrage of mortars at their fleet. This battle got pretty intense, so I did fairly well at ignoring my need to pee. Having finished wreaking havoc upon that fleet of puny frigates and galleasses; that is, as things began to settle down, the sound of the sea hitting my ship snapped me back to the calls of my aching bladder. Now it was getting bad, perhaps an 8-9.

I didn't want to give up, so I continued playing, not doing anything in particular, and about another 30 minutes in I had to put the controller down. My bladder convulsed, making it near impossible to stand up without losing some control, but I really didn't want to get my sofa wet. So, with caution, I stood up, both hands holding my crotch tightly. My bladder dropped, and suddenly my palm felt a dab of force. Upon quick inspection, and having worn Khaki shorts, this made a mark, but at least I was able to stop it within a second. At this point, I just rushed to the bathroom, got in the tub, and held long enough to get my phone out and begin taking pictures in relatively quick succession.

I lost it. I didn't let the flood gates open completely, but ultimately spurted and leaked repeatedly until those gates were forced open. It felt amazing, watching that warmth very clearly spread down my thighs.

See for yourself ;)

*002*2016-02-10 17:23

{{: 

Do you know around how much you drank? impressive wetting!

}}

Thanks! :) Estimating, I'd say at least 8 cups.

*005*2016-02-10 22:36

Thanks! I'm glad you liked it. :) I'll try to post more soon.

*007*2016-02-11 18:54

Thanks! :) After fighting El Impoluto enough, I do have to put the controller down before it gets thrown down. xP Ultimately did the thing where you jump onto the ship before it "rams" you.

Yes..yes I did.

