Hold and leaking while at work with pics

Author: Afu14567

*000*2020-10-24 05:20

So I have been doing holds at work while chatting with people. I have been letting them push my bladder to its limits while I try to keep my uniform dry. I work as a paramedic on an ambulance so it can be tricky.

Last shift I decided to do an hold. I had been instructed to drink several bottles of water and hold for 30 minutes. I was already at a 7 of 10. Well to my "misfortune oir post was changed to about 50 mille away to a different station. The person I was chatting with instructed me to still hold it. I have to ride in the front with my partner so I would be unable to really do too much to ease my desperation.

We get going down the road and about 15 monutes in my bladder starts spasming hard. I have to prop my knee on the dash and place my hand in my crotch to hold myself with her noticing. Im at an 8 now! Im trying not to fidget but she kept looking over at me like she could tell. That in itself was driving me mad. I was instructed that I couldn,t use my hand for 10 minites. My partner drives like a maniac and every bump is like lightning shooting through me. Then she hit a set of railroad tracks and I started to leak! I couldnt grab myself so it took a second to stop the flow. I could feel my underwear wer wet but the outside of my pants were only barely damp.

After 10 minutes I put my hand back but it doesnt help to much. Im trying to be still but I feel like she was watching me! I was almost wishing she would reach over and grab my dick amd make me lose control completely! 25 minutes later we are starting to pull up. My bladder could tell it was time for release and wanted to let go right then! I felt another spurt slip between my fingers. I was on the edge of soaking myself in front of my hot partner. She gets stopped and I start briskly walking to the bathroom. As soon as I get the door shut I instantly have to grab myself and double over. I didnt know how I was going to get my dick out to pee. Finally I get infront of the toilet and try to get my dick out. As soon as i released my hold I started peeing into my uniform pants and all over the stall as I pulled it out! It was absolutely blissful to finally get relief! I had too spend the next 15 minutes getting my clothes somewhat dry.

Critique to make my stories flow better welcome.

Would aslo love ideas of different situations to hold.

*002*2020-10-26 03:02

Its risky but awsome at the same time!

*004*2020-10-26 20:29

Im still trying to feel that one out! Lol

*006*2020-10-26 21:55

{{43 minutes ago, Calvin1 said:

There's your next suggestion on holding. Try this again and watch her reaction. Does she drive faster or hit more bumps when she knows you are desperate? lol of course, don't do this if you think it will jeopardize your job, or working relationship....

}}

Well I have actually been doing that this shift! She constantly looks over and checks what im doing. At one pont last night I had her stop on the side of the road so i could pee. I opened the door and had to pee right there with my back to her. She never took her eyes off of me I could see her reflection in the window then she just laughed and said you really needed to go.

