Post holiday snowbibs wetting

Author: Snowpants

*000*2021-01-01 16:49

Woke up again to no snow so I thought I could not go outside for some nice snowbibs wetting. I could not get the thought out of my head all morning then I had an idea. It was cold and I did need to take down my outside holiday season decorations. I loaded up on liquids for the next two hours until I was getting desperate (about an 8/10), dressed and went outside. To be honest I did squirt a little in my snowbibs before I got outside.

Once outside I proceeded to start my work. It was so nice to be out in the cold wearing my snowbibs and desperate. My bladder quickly responded once out in the cold. I held my piss for awhile as I took down lights, wreathes and garland. I started to feel naughty so I started leaking on purpose so I could feel the warmth around my crotch and start heading down my legs.

A few folks walked by and commented on how sad it is to take decorations down at the end of the season. A few times I stopped working to chat and made sure I stood there leaking into my snowbibs as we spoke. What a great feeling to be wetting in front of others and they have no clue what I was doing.

As I finished up and I wanted to make sure I ended my time outside with a rush so I held my piss until I was completely done with my work. I then took a slow walk around the yard and just let my bladder go. It was such a thrill to be wetting and walking in the cold.

Hoping for a big snowstorm soon so I can repeat this experience and spend more time outside.

*002*2021-01-01 17:43

@PrincessPeeach 

It was amazing. I have my fingers crossed for both of us for more snow.

