Airport Desperation and Public Pee

Author: docsteve

*000*2014-07-30 12:40

Another post reminded me of this experience so I thought I should share it. A few years ago, my wife and I were returning from vacation. It was a 2 hour flight. I used the bathroom about 30 minutes before boarding. By the time the plane actually took off, another hour had passed. Add in the flight time and when we landed, I hadn't peed for about 3-1/2 hours. I've got a good bladder so that isn't unusual for me, even though I had a can of Coke and a bottle of water during the flight. I almost never pee on the plane unless I really have to go, which I didn't. My wife, as usual, did pee on the plane not long before we landed.

Once we landed and were waiting to get off the plane, I was starting to feel the urge to pee, especially once I stood up. It took a little while to actually get off and into the terminal and my need was getting stronger. I figured I'd just go when my wife did. Even though she went on the plane, she's the type to never pass up a chance to use the bathroom. Surprisingly, she strolled right past the bathrooms. I figured it wasn't a big deal and I'd just go in baggage claim while we were waiting for our luggage. By the time we got there, I definitely had to go. I wasn't desperate but just to the point where any normal person would be seeking out the nearest bathroom.

Much to my surprise, and my bladder's dismay, it turns out that there are no bathrooms in baggage claim. Now I was getting a tiny bit concerned. I'm the type who can hold for a long time, but once it starts hitting me, it tends to get bad quickly and this night was no exception. We only live about 30 minutes from the airport so I figured I'd be okay. I could hold it for half an hour. I left my wife there to wait for the luggage and I went out to take the shuttle bus to the parking lot to get our car.

Stepping outside, I realized that it was really cold, like just below freezing, unlike the warm weather we had just left. Standing out there shivering did not help my bladder at all. Still, I figured I'd be okay. I waited for the bus, and waited, and waited, and waited. Normally, they come about every 5-10 minutes but it was late and there weren't a lot of people around. The whole time I'm waiting, I'm getting more and more uncomfortable and not quite as confident that I'd be okay until we got home.

Finally, after 25 minutes, the bus came. So when I figured we'd be just about home, I still had to get my car, pick up my wife, load the bags, and drive home. At that moment, I'd say I was an 8 out of 10 on the desperation scale - not good and getting worse by the minute. Sitting down on the heated bus helped a tiny bit, but not a whole lot. It took a few minutes to get to the parking lot and then I had to wait until we reached my stop. The lot has sections by letter (A, B, C, etc.). 

Of course, I was parked in section L and the bus goes in order, stopping at each section to let people off and pick up new people. It seemed like it was taking forever. I was starting to squirm and sweat, and it wasn't because of the heated bus. I was desperate to pee. I realized that I wasn't going to be able to hold it until we got home. I'm sure you all know how various thoughts start running through you head as you try to process what your options are. I could pick up my wife and then go try to find somewhere to pee, but it would be pretty embarrassing to tell her and I didn't want to do that. And it's not like there was anywhere around the airport late at night that would be open and have a public bathroom.

Anyway, we finally reached my stop. Standing up and getting my carry on bags just shot my bladder right to a 9 bordering on 10. Getting my wife and going in search of a bathroom was no longer an option. I HAD TO PEE and I had to do it NOW! I got off the bus and stepped back out into the freezing night air. I managed to get to my car and toss my bags in the trunk but I was doing the pee dance the whole time. Fortunately, it was dark and nobody was around, not like I would have had a choice at that point. But at least nobody saw this grown man holding himself and squirming around like a 3 year old.

Once the bags were in the car, I quickly positioned myself between the cars, looked around to make sure nobody was there, and peed on the ground. It felt so good to release it. I enjoy holding and desperation but in controlled settings at home usually. Getting desperate in public and not knowing how it was going to turn out is entirely different - exciting but scary at the same time.

