Had an accident in the car wash

Author: Xpgames

*000*2022-03-21 13:50

After being stuck at home for a little over a week with COVID, I tested negative yesterday evening and had quite a few errands to run today. Normally I’d choose to wear protection, but ended up having a little argument and left the house in kind of a rush. I wasn’t even a little desperate leaving the house and figured I would be fine… first papers to the recycling bins, then grocery shopping, a stop by DHL to pick up a package and then off to the city center to go to the bank and a quick stop at the car wash at the end.

By the time I reached the bank, I was showing signs of desperation and while waiting at the ATM I felt that oh so familiar need to pee… but I was able to hold it without too much trouble. Last stop was the car wash and there was a pretty long line. It typically goes fast and I only had a ten minute drive home from there. Pulling in, I’d say I was at about an 8.5 and approaching a 9. Basically I was in the danger zone, but theoretically should be able to make it home.

No bullshit, the car wash literally broke down when I was inside of it!!! I texted home and explained the situation… “hun, the car wash has freaking stopped and I REALLY have to pee!!!!!!” … I was starting to panic a little which only caused my bladder to weaken and just sat there peeing my pants…. “OMG I just peed my pants!!!!” She’s aware of my shenanigans and knows that more often than not it’s my own doing… she hadn’t replied and was hoping that it would be a warming for when I got home and had to do the walk of shame into the house … I’m guessing the car wash had only stopped for around 10 minutes, but it seemed like forever!! When I got home, she was still on a call and I ran to the bathroom to pee even more! I threw my clothes in the washing machine and came upstairs …. She only said while grinning “looks like it actually happened for real this time!!!”

$$

$$

$$

*004*2022-03-22 06:32

{{5 hours ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Funnnnnn! The long lines, plus all that water gushing everywhere…it’s practically inevitable. I wet myself the last time I was at the car wash too, but if I’m being honest, it was just cuz I wanted to...

It was as amazing as I thought it would be. Your post totally makes me want to head to the car wash again

}}

Oh yesss!!! I can’t wait to see this! Hopefully the weather is nice enough to do it really soon

