Stuck Outside while I was Desperate

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-05-27 23:48

This was a situation I was in when I was very young, and I'm thinking about writing a story on here based on it

Basically, I was in trouble and I wasn't allowed to go outside, though I really wanted to. I managed to sneak out the back door to play in the yard. While I was doing stuff in the sandbox, I started needing to pee. Some things are a bit foggy, (it was a long time ago), so all I really remember from that point to the point where I was dancing around desperately was when I figured that I shouldn't go in front of the window or else my parents will see me. For some reason, I didn't want to pee outside where my neighbors could see me, but I didn't want to go back inside and risk getting caught. Little-kid logic.

I was squeezing myself and dancing, running around the yard trying to find a place where I could discreetly empty my bursting bladder. At one point, which was probably the stupidest thing I've ever done as a kid, I thought it would be a good idea to take a clothespin and use it to help hold in my urine. I saw an elephant do it to hold in a sneeze in a Looney Tunes cartoon once. They weren't normal clothespins, they were wide and plastic, kind of like the ones used to close up chip bags. As you could probably imagine, this hurt so bad I almost cried. Pee spurted out of me when I took it off. I still needed to pee really badly, and I continued to run around the yard looking for a good spot until I eventually felt myself losing control. The whole left side of my pant leg was saturated by the time I was able to drop my pants.

I forgot about this for a long time.

A similar situation my friend was in (who was a girl). We were around the same age I was when this happened I guess, very young. She said she had to go to the bathroom, and I said to just go outside where no one can see. She did the same thing I did, walked around the yard looking for a spot, except she was hitting her butt instead of holding herself. She came back to the sandbox at one point and tried to keep playing, but she was scooting back and forth and soon got back up to look for a spot. Her dad poked his head out of the door and told her it was time to leave. I wonder if she used my bathroom, or if she held it until she got home. I don't even remember what her name was, so I guess I'll never know.

*003*2018-05-28 15:45

{{7 hours ago, blasseroz said:

Do you have any memories of your observations or feelings between "losing control" and seeing your saturated pants leg relating to the inevitability of the accident? Just curious.

}}

I shot out a stream of urine for a second a couple times, but I was able to physically stop it by holding myself with all my strength until the feeling passed, and when I let go any urine that was already past my sphincter came out. It wasn't a very comfortable process. I remember I just didn't want to go through that again, and when I leaked another time I just dropped my pants and let go.

*005*2018-06-01 02:56

{{12 hours ago, blasseroz said:

Do you think this is why you remember the event so well?

}}

I suppose so

