The desperate visits

Author: ashishgamer

*000*2012-08-11 08:42

I am a 16 year old guy, 5'10". I have been into omorashi since 14 but recently found this website. This was my first and till now the best holding experience though it wasn't deliberate.

###

This happened in March 2012. We always have family get-togethers in March at our grandpa's house which is quiet large. I went there with my dad. There were many people their but I will only describe those who have something to do with the story.

Alex-He is my elder cousin(around 19 yrs of age). He has the weakest bladder among my cousins however, he is not into omorashi and is a bit nerdy type.

Nayan-She is 14 yrs of age. She has a huge bladder but when she has to go, she can hardly control herself. She likes omorashi and has a hug collection of omorashi anime.

Me-I have a small bladder which fills up pretty quickly but I haven't ever lost control since I was 9(that's another story but I will post it only if you people like a child having an accident).

Dad-He has an iron bladder and isn't into omorashi.

So I wont make you wait any longer and start off with my story.

It was six in the evening. Me and my cousins were playing video games when my dad received a phone call from my aunt that since we were in town, she wanted to see us. I didnt want to go alone so I asked my cousins Alex and Nayan to come with me to which they agreed. I was dressed in my favorite black shirt and blue denims. Alex was dressed in his usual red shirt and khaki pants. Nayan was dressed in sky blue tee and pink leggings. The leggings suit her very much as she is curvy but not fat. I have a habit of peeing before going anywhere so I did it. We started for our 15 minutes drive. After about 5 minutes, I received a call from my aunt whom we were visiting.

"Hello?"

"Hey! Just called to inform that we are currently not at home so you should come later." My aunt said.

"okay"

I told my dad about my aunt and asked him that we should go to mall for the time being. However, he said that the mall is pretty far and we should visit our some distant aunt. Great! now I was going to someone's house whom I have never seen. It was an half hour drive on lots of bumpy roads. When I reached there, I, was, already feeling an urge in my bladder but decided to hold it as it wont be dignified on my part to ask the people whom I am meeting for the first time for the toilet. After about 1 hour of stupid talking and increasing pressure in my bladder, we were offered coke. I didnt want to decline it as it will make them know that I am desperate. I gulped it in one go to avoid slowly filling of my bladder. As soon as I kept the glass after drinking, a small spurt of pee escaped my penis which made me close my legs instantly. Thankfully, no one noticed.

I decided I had to go to the toilet which I could see right in front of me. I was just about to get up when my dad told that we had to leave as my other aunt must be waiting. I didnt want to ask him to wait till I pee as I will be embarrassed so I just got in the car. It was only a 10 minutes drive and decided to hold myself. However, I had not imagined that the roads will be so bumpy. I was keeping my legs tightly pressed to avoid leaking which was not really helping. Moreover, it started to rain and the sound of water dropping made me even difficult to control. After 10 minutes of frantic holding, we were finally there.

As soon as I got off from the car, I started to pee but held my dick quickly which really helped. Me and my cousins went inside into the bedroom of my aunt's daughter to play some games. I could see Alex doing a desperate to pee which made me even more desperate. As soon as we went and sat in the bedroom and my aunt's daughter(Jasmine) came in, Alex asked for the bathroom and rushed to it. After sitting in the soft bean chair, I could control myself better but the small wetness in my underwear kept my urge high. I decided to go after Alex came since my aunt only has one toilet at her home. I was sitting beside Nayan when Jasmine came and pulled a chair in front of us. She was wearing a really short skirt from where I couldnt take my eyes off. After she sat in front of us, I noticed something-She had forgotten to wear panties and I could see her genitals clearly! This made me aroused which, in fact, helps me to hold my pee.

"Did you notice?" she said. I almost jumped which made me leak some pee but quickly controlled it.

"w-w-what?"I asked.

"The woofers!"she said.

I didnt notice. She had bought 7.1 home theater system.

"Lets dance"she said.

I hesitated, but couldnt deny as I was the best dancer. She went and fired up a loud song which made the floor vibrate. This made me difficult to feel my bladder and I felt as if I was going to pee myself!

###

I will post the rest later so keep waiting!

