Dominika backstory (my view)

Author: Jaylah

*000*2017-02-26 21:10

February 13th, 2017

I found out that my hubby likes nervous, nervous to the point of peeing. I figured I could do that for him. Also I'm a sucker for a back story so my hubby agreed to act out with me how mr warden and dominika met ^^

(And my hubby even agreed to write his side of it too for me to post <3)

I bought a black dress that's above my knees, sheer shiny nude coloured pantyhose, I had on pink lace thong and push up bra, a white shrug. High heels even. I had my hair done very eloquently. I even put on red lipstick.

It was 6pm and I had someone drop me enough at the agreed upon restaurant where I were to meet my blind date, Mr. Warden.

I was seated in a nice establishment where I waited for a few minutes. Then I saw a tall man in a suit, coming towards me. I stood up.

"I'm dominika" I said, introducing myself.

"Charmed" he said As he kissed my hand.

"Warden" he said as he we sat down.

The waitress came by with our menus.

"I can't afford this..." I thought to myself looking for a cheap salad.

"Your a very lovely young lady" he stated looking at me.

I looked up then back down.

"Thank you..." I squeaked as my face turned bright red.

I quickly scanned the menu then the waitress came for our order.

He looked at me and insisted I get what I want, he'll take care of the bill.

He seemed nice enough, I see him glancing over at me every so often. Maybe he likes me? ^^

I felt his hand on my leg and squeezed.

"Excuse me" I sAid brushing his hand off me.

"I'm sorry" he said.

He seemed charming though maybe just showing me he likes me?

I started to feel the need to pee but I figured I'd be home soon anyways.

We enjoyed our entrees and he even got a cheese cake! Mr. Warden has class and good taste.

We finished. I couldn't help but notice him looking at me, I wonder what he's thinking. Maybe he likes my hair? My dress?

He was really charming, and really good looking.

He thanked me for joining him and I got up see if my ride was ready. I waited outside and called.

"An hour!?" I steamed over the phone. I was frustrated, they promised 8:30pm not 9:30pm And I'm really needing to pee. I was going to turn around to use the ladies room then I saw Mr. Warden towering over me.

"Can I give you a ride home dominika?" He offered.

I told him not to worry about it, but he insisted. I had to pee really bad as it was and I'm kinda hoping he'd ask me out again on a non blind date. I allowed him to take me home. I gave him directions.

"I'm sorry, I really do appreciate this" I quietly peeped.

We soon approached the strip to where the house was.

"Which one?" He asked.

"1201, your side" I saId as he drove.

We drove past!

"I'm sorry, can I turn around?" He apologized.

"Up ahead there is a place to turn around" I pointed out.

We approached the turn around and he turned around then backed up. He got up out of the van and popped the latch.

"It's clear out tonight, have you ever just star gazed?" He commented.

Aw, such a romantic normally I think I'd go with it, but my bladder is killing me!! I'm gonna pee myself and in front of my blind date too!! Ahh!!!

He sat us down then I felt his hands come onto me!

"Mr Warden!" I protested,but he continued and laid me back.

"Warden please!" I begged again, feeling his hand on my private region starting to rub.

I whimpered but started to lose control of my bladder. I peed as he rubbed, I think it was exciting him.

"Please..." I said quietly as pee came gushing out!

I felt him remove my pantyhose and thong and produced his manhood. It was huge!!! How is it gonna fit!!!

Then I felt it slide inside, moaning escaped my mouth, I tried to muffle. I felt him go at it taking for a few minutes! I was so confused because it felt so good but this was my right either.

Oh my goodness!! He made me climax really hard. He had to cover myself then I could feel him climax inside of me. He got off and fixed himself. I managed pull up my pantyhose and thong and he took me home.

I was confused, and wet, and ooZing his stuff,

I wouldn't say no if he asked me out again ^^

*002*2017-02-27 00:30

No good?

*006*2017-02-27 20:56

Lol

Women are overly critical, ask my hubby ^^

