A Golden Opportunity

Author: m3rmaid

*000*2017-09-24 05:40

Hello,long time no post . So these past couple of weeks have been very busy for me, and I just haven't had time to post here, thankfully things have slowed down so that I can get back to posting. This story begins on a Monday, I had the day off and at first had no plans to do any holding or wetting, however my parents received a phone call that resulted in them planning to leave the house around 5 pm to visit someone and they wouldn't be back until 8 pm or later. The call had come in around 1 pm so I had about 4 hours to start the process. My first drink was one of those flavored, carbonated water bottles, now I was wearing a purple tank top, white denim capris, and royal blue cotton boy shorts.

After a late lunch of pizza and rocky road ice cream, washed down with a large glass of sweet tea, I settled down to watch some Netflix. At about 4 I started feeling a couple twinges in my bladder so naturally I poured myself a glass of water and continued my Netflix binge. Finally it was 5 and my parents had left the house so I moved my Netflix binge to the TV in my living room,and got another glass of sweet tea, as I sat on the love seat I felt the pressure inside my bladder increase. After about half an hour I started squirming in my seat, trying to relieve the ever growing pressure. Another half-hour passes , I pause Netflix and make myself some spaghetti for dinner and grab another bottle of flavored carbonated water.

Once I am finished with dinner it is time for me to wash the dishes, I soon find myself dancing back and forth, legs crossed, in front of the sink elbow deep in warm soapy water. As I am using the sprayer to rinse the dishes the sound of the running water, and the gentle splashes as it hits the surface of the remaining water in the sink make my bladder pulse and throb with need. Dishes done I resume my Netflix binge, another half-hour goes by it is just after 7 my hand is now pressing into my crotch as I wriggle in my seat. Looking at the clock I know my parents could be home within the hour I quickly chug a small glass of water and get to work setting up the bathroom, first I throw some dirty clothes down the chute so they will be ready to throw in the wash with my soon to be wet pants, then I grab a change of clothes, my towel, and my camera and head to the bathroom.

Upon arriving in the bathroom I feel a jolt of electricity run through my body and I almost let go right there on the bathroom floor, but somehow I pull my self together and hold back the flood. I step into the shower and take a couple of test pics to make sure I have enough light, when I am satisfied I give in to my aching bladder. My pee gushes out of me, instantly soaking my pants, my panties are saturated. Streams of warm pee continue to flow down my legs as the wet patch on my pants grows. As it hits the shower floor it sounds like a hard summer rain, a puddle forms around my feet. At last my flow comes to an end so with a contented sigh and a small satisfied smile I begin the cleanup process.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

