Bed wetting and pre-bed wetting

Author: the.wet.bandit

*000*2022-04-09 07:17

I had started this fateful friday by deciding to try bed wetting. I’ve heard a lot of people on here talk about how they love waking up to soggy sheets, so what better night to do so?

I got mcdonalds at about 9:00 (hey its friday) and ordered a coke and a quarter pounder. i finished off the meal pretty quickly and decided to put on some nice new grey sweatpants. i knew urine would show up great on it. i then settled down to watch a movie. i felt the coke take affect on my bladder pretty quickly and decided to get a glass of water. i refilled my coke container with a glass of tap water (refrigerator wasnt dispensing water) and sat down. i drank and noticed i had to poop. knowing that, although i am into messing, i didn’t exactly want to mess my bed and my sweatpants.

So, i decided i’d just let the shit out and not the pee. i was able to get half my contents out, but as i was trying to finish up, a little pee came out. i didn’t want to refill so soon, especially because i was already bloated, so i grabbed the tip of my dick as i pushed the poop out. eventually i wasn’t able to hold it anymore and i felt the pee dribble down my hand, splashing into the toilet. i gave up and let the mess and piss dribble out of me until i was empty. i washed my hands and wiped leftover turd off of my ass and got a refill. this time, after i was done, i wasted no time refilling the cup and my bladder.

I soon — too soon — felt my bladder filing up. i love going to bed late on weekends since i don’t have to get up early, and my body wasn’t tired yet, so you can imagine my confusion when i suddenly discovered my underwear suddenly and slightly dampening. this was the first time i had leaked in a while because desperation has always been very minimal for me because of my bad pain/desperation tolerance. i decided this was actually the perfect chance to do a try not to pee challenge since my desperation was reaching a breaking point, something i would consider an emergency if i didn’t have immediate access to the bathroom. my bladder screamed at me and tortured me, begging to release its contents. i took my shirt and socks off and turned on a try not to pee, laying down a grey (guess what my favorite color is) towel to catch my inevitable spurts.

I started a try not to pee challenge and almost immediately leaked when it told me to press my bladder. i was able to stop it after just a second or two and clenched my legs close together. i checked my sweatpants and noticed no stain. i at first thought it was kind of weird, but i shrugged it off to continue holding. the leakage put me on guard, but didn’t completely prevent me from having an accident, as when the quiz asked me to spread my legs, i couldn’t hold it. i didn’t try to hold it back, i just let it spray into my pants.

As i was emptying my bladder, i noticed that no pee was showing up on the outside of my sweatpants. i pushed harder and pressed my pants to my thighs, but wetness was only starting at about my knees. i pulled my pants up, and eventually, it showed. and boy, did it show. piss cascaded down my left leg and spread across my increasingly wet crotch. pee dripped from the legs of the pants and onto the towel, creating a puddle at my left leg. i guess that attempting to make my pants less pee-shy could lead to other issues, since the pressure on my bladder eventually applied to my bowels too. the poo that had digested after my toilet fiasco had started to push out.

I stopped my flow and attempted the opposite of earlier, not wanting to shit all over another pair of underwear while wetting myself. i moved my wetting to the shower while trying to contain my poop. i didn’t get all my piss out, but that didn’t matter because my plans for bed wetting still stood. i downed the rest of the glass i didn’t finish because of my earlier desperation and sat on the couch to watch some youtube. i got desperate and tired, and eventually decided to drink half a glass, leak it all out in two layers of blankets and fall asleep on the couch. i laid on my back and let it all out slowly, accidentally soaking my blanket a little bit.

In the end, i soaked almost my entire upper thigh region and my blankets and got myself a nice warm bed. what a night

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*001*2022-04-09 08:20

Update: decided to change into comfy pajamas since the pee was itchy on my skin, but my blankets and pillow are soaked… still a little bit of bedtime water just in case my body will let me live out my bedwetting experience

