Most painful experience

Author: Ally98

*000*2016-10-23 00:22

If you've read my other experiences you'd know about that time when I was stuck bursting at the swimming pool. But that wasn't my worst experience. The absolutely WORST pee holding experience I had happened another year before my swimming pool incident. It happened at school.

I have a fatal personality trait. It's being exceptionally shy in all situations. When I was at school, I would never dare raise my hand for the toilet even if I was bursting, and that ended up in many desperate situations. Right before my fourth-to-sixth periods we had a short recess. If I didn't pee then, then I would most definitely have to struggle with a bursting bladder for the next three lessons. But the girl's toilet in my school was, euphemistically, not the cleanest and I tried at all costs not to pee at school. These conflicting reasons led me to many desperate experiences, and led to my most painful pee holding experience ever.

That day started off like a normal one. Even during recess I barely felt the need to pee. But during the fourth lesson my bladder filled up quickly. In these situations I would cross my legs tightly, for I always believed that especially for girls, crossing my legs can help squeeze my pee hole shut with my thighs. It was also less conspicuous as many people crossed their legs.

My body was being more active than usual and before the fourth period ended, I was already bursting. I felt my legs grow weak and my stomach ached from the pressure. I knew I had to ask for permission to pee sooner or later. But every time I made the move to do so, I felt incredibly shy and my lips would falter. I decided only to ask at the final moment.

I had to pee so badly. My legs were numb after crossing them for so long. I was lucky I sat in a corner so people won't notice me in my predicament. But it didn't escape the notice of Katie who sat next to me. She is a good friend and being a girl, she understood all too well how I hated using school toilets. I guess my expression told her everything - I was close to tears. She confronted me plainly,

"Are you holding your pee again?"

I remember reddening so much I could feel my cheeks burn.

"Please, Keep your voice down!"

Katie was one of those carefree girls who wasn't shy of anything. She always rolled her eyes on my shy behaviour and that's what she did again. I can't remember the precise words she said, but she told me I shouldn't always hold my pee so often. She made me promise I would ask for permission to pee if I really couldn't hold it. Then we realised - we had our math lesson next.

Our math teacher was the worst. She was a self-centred hag who demanded 100% attention and couldn't stand the slightest disturbance. A chill went through me. There was no way she would let me use the toilets, but I neither could I hold it for another lesson.

Our math lesson started. I had to squirm on my seat, it was impossible to sit still. I thought about peeing secretly in a bottle but it was impossible not to make noise. I really really really wanted to hold myself but it was really awkward to do so in my school uniform. Our school uniform was really stupid. They made our tops 'respectable' by covering our shoulders and breasts with a tight shirt, but our skirt was, literally, a miniskirt.

I wear skirts a lot but I don't usually wear things as short as my school uniform. It barely reached half my thighs. And to compound on our image of 'ladiness', the dumb skirt was really tight, like a pencil skirt. I guess it made sure girls had to sit properly or else our panties would show. Anyway, in uniform like this, holding myself meant reaching UNDER my skirt to hold myself, and I didn't want to do that, even if Katie was the only one watching. Time was moving incredibly slow. I had never had to pee this badly (seriously, even my later experiences were a bit less painful).

We were halfway through our lesson. I could feel tears swimming in my eyes. Our school made us use hard bound diaries and as a last resort, I forced the corner of it on my vagina. It was relieving, with a bit of outward pressure helping. For the next few minutes I kept massaging myself with my diary, and managed to hold it in. Katie whispered to me 'you must need to go really bad' and I gave her a despairing nod. I was too much. I was shy but peeing myself in class is even more embarrassing. I raised my hand for permission.

I asked simply for permission to use the bathroom. The old hag said I had to answer her question first to prove I had been listening and pointed to a bunch of symbols on the blackboard. I suck at maths and even if I didn't, it would be impossible with a bursting bladder in my way. So she didn't let me.

I was blushing so badly. Now everyone knew I had to pee, but couldn't. I held myself under my skirt, it was my only hope. I could feel my vagina throbbing from all the pressure. Katie looked worried. There was still 20 minutes before lesson ended.

I struggled for a while. I was so desperate. I was shaking my legs and holding myself. I could feel my pee coming out. A gush of pee came out and I only just managed to stop it. I knew I was reaching my limit. It was now or never. I asked for permission again, with a few words of pleading. When the teacher was about to refuse, Katie screamed " please she's been holding it for hours. She going to pee herself!" Wanting to save herself trouble, the teacher let me.

I rushed out. The girls toilet was quite a distance from my classroom. I was still holding myself with both hands while I ran to pee. But halfway I stopped. I could feel my hands becoming warm. I was already peeing. I quickly ran over to a patch of grass. I stood there and finished my pee. There was no one around and the grass soaked my pee anyway. Now I was thankful to my uniform, since it was so short and tight, it didn't get wet. I went to the toilet to clean myself, and I had no choice but to discard my panties.

So that ends my most painful experience. I went back to class red-faced and Katie, who is a very thoughtful girl, knew I was hiding something. I told her I peed myself and had no panties on. She looked half amused, half worried and told me to be careful for the rest of the day. Luckily, all went by just fine.

*004*2016-10-29 22:52

{{7 hours ago, theHindrew said:

Ouch, thank goodness for Katie. She sounds like a good friend and you were lucky she was there. Glad you made it, that could have ended much, much worse.

I feel your bathroom shyness, I hate people knowing I have to pee so I'll hold to the bitter end so I've been in similar situations, but yours sounds worse that anything I've endured.

}}

Yes Katie is the sweetest, she's a very nice girl. Whoever's going to marry her will find her an excellent wife :)

Ooh you feel shy needing to pee too? I understand that all too well. Yea this experience is hard to beat XD I've been in many desperate situations but this was the one time I really peed myself :(

*006*2016-10-30 15:12

{{15 hours ago, theHindrew said:

In my life I can't ever rememebr meeting a bad Kate, Katie or Katherine. Even the Cathys I know are lovely. And I'm a touch jealous of many of their husbands.

As for the pee shyness, it's odd. I can go if other people are going but I never want to be the only one and I definitely won't be the first one. I can't count how many times I've idiotically waited, wondering if this is the day I pee myself, with a perfectly good bathroom nearby.

}}

OMG I feel exactly the same! I would be bursting to pee but still be too shy to go, if I was the only one who had to pee. I would rather wait till someone else had to go, and then act casually as if I were going along with her, when I had actually been holding for ages. I feel so stupid about myself for this all the time.

*009*2016-10-31 08:58

{{16 hours ago, theHindrew said:

I know for sure we're not the only ones. It's a big squirmy boat full of people who don't like people knowing they have to pee. I don't even dislike public toilets. I have not problem going if someone else has suggested. But solo, nope. Put me in a meeting full of coffee and I'll hold as long as it takes, but if I'm at my desk and bored, I'll go pee at the first urge just for the change of scenery. It only went badly wrong once, after a day long series of meetings at a job site with a grim and chilly porta potty, I made it to the car, but not to the nearest toilets.

}}

Yea, I understand that all too well. But people around me just seem immune to this shyness. All of my friends (mostly girls) feel zero qualms announcing they need to pee. And don't get me started on public toilets, guys may not feel this, but dirty toilets is a pain for girls. Wow your experiences draw parallels with mine, must've been easy for you to sympathise with my experience, hasn't it? xD

*010*2016-10-31 09:01

{{16 hours ago, wettingman said:

I thoroughly enjoyed your richly detailed desperation and wetting story. I particularly love stories that include details of what you were feeling and where, along with telling what you were doing to hold it.

I also had to hold my pee frequently because I was too shy to ask to go. Through my teens this became extremely painful.I did wet my pants a few times as a result when I was younger like 9-12, but thankfully never in school.

Once we were on a class trip and a classmate noticed I was holding myself for a long time. Eventually I became increasingly frantic, dancing around etc.. Then suddenly I stopped . He whispered in my ear "you just wet your pants. Only my briefs were wet at the time , so I insisted I hadn't. he insisted I had done some in my underwear. True but I denied it.

Some time later., having only peed a little, I was much more desperate than before, which I didn't think possible. But my bladder as well as my penis ached. I could tell I was not going to do a little this time. But I continued to struggle , trying to keep from letting anyone know I needed to pee very badly. Silly boy anybody seeing me squirm , dance and hold myself knew. The classmate who noticed my first accident, was off doing something else. I was now with another friend. We were alone in the woods. He had to pee and he simply unzipped and went.

I didn't take the cue however. I frantically tried to stop a lot of pee that was pressing against my pee hole hard. For the first time I could remember my bladder felt seriously distended. .It was no use seconds after he started peeing I did too, but in my pants it came gushing out hard despite my squeezing my penis with both hands. I soaked my briefs and a bit of my white pants as well, before I was able to stop the flow. I still had to go. My friend didn't say a word , but he had to know.

About an hour later I was alone briefly , saw a men's room and used it. My white cotton briefs were still wet. I met my friend again and mentioned I had gone pee to deflect suspicion that I had wet myself. Silly now I know, but I was 9 at the time.

}}

Thanks, I really try to cram every detail I can possible remember in my experiences, glad you don't find it boring :)

Understand your experience all too well. I guess I was lucky myself, even though I peed myself no one found out, and thankfully that was the only time I did. Thanks for sharing anyway :)

*012*2016-11-02 11:58

{{13 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

I always find it rather ironic hearing people who are shy of peeing on an Omo forum... It's one of those things I really don't get, being someone who has no qualms about people knowing I have to pee but nevertheless it's a great story, you really convey the emotions well, makes it far more engaging!

}}

Haha I don't get myself either... The shyness just comes, the moment I have to announce I need to pee the words just won't come out. It feels like I'm drawing everyone's attention to myself.

