Accidents in formal/business wear or school uniforms

Author: Despboy15

*000*2020-10-07 18:40

Accidents in formal, business, or school uniforms are some of my clothes to wet in. If you have one, share a story involving any of these clothes. I’ll start:

I once went to an outdoor wedding. It was very hot so I drank a lot of fluids. My urge was at about 5/10 when I realized I should go. But I couldn’t at that point because my parents wouldn’t let me since the speeches were beginning. So I waited. While the speeches went on, my urge grew greater and greater. By the end of the third or fourth speech, I was at an 8/10. I had to go right away. I rushed to the bathroom, where to my horror, there was a long line for the men’s room. I dug my hands into my crotch and did my best to hold it. My tight belt and dress pants weren’t doing much to help either. After 10 minutes, I was at a 9.5/10. 

I realized I wasn’t going to make it and ran outside. I tried to find a bush or tree or something I could go behind. There was a long path with flowers where everyone was taking pictures on, so I had to walk even further. I finally found a place where I could go. As soon as I got behind a tree, it started seeping out. I panicked and got to work. I didn’t even try to unbuckle because it was too tight and would take too much time. I reached for my zipper. A quarter of the way down, it jammed. The cheap design allows it to easily get stuck in the fabric of my boxers. I tired to go to my belt instead, but it was too late. My bladder exploded. It was very obvious. I took off my jacket and draped it over my arm and held it over my crotch. Thankfully no one saw.

