PIssed myself at my friends!

Author: LilyBgirl

*000*2021-04-20 18:11

My story took place a few years ago. I was staying at a friends house out of town. They lived with their parents but they were kind enough to let me stay the night as we had planned to go for a few drinks. The slight problem was that to get to the bathroom, you had to pass through their parents bedroom. Their parents locked their door at night meaning i would have to knock if i wanted to pass through the the bathroom. But i'll explain how that caused my wet situation later...

My friend and I, as i was saying, had gone out for a few drinks. We'd had maybe 4 or 5 pints so were not hugely drunk but had drank enough to need to pee. I can be quite shy about needing to pee and knowing that I would have to wake jess' (My friend) parents if i needed to go during the night, was a big no for me. So i made sure I went for a wee before leaving the bar and returning home.

When we arrived home, Jess went to her room and i went to the guest room. I had fresh bedding, a stack of new towels, and everything i could ask for for an overnight stay. I had now started to need another wee, but there was no way i could wake Jess' parents after they had been so kind to me.

So I drifted off to sleep while needing a wee. I figured i would wake up in the morning and would be able to go for a wee as Jess' parents would be out by then. But when i woke, it was in the middle of the night. I think it was only around 3 or 4am but i was absolutely bursting for a wee now. The pressure had built in my bladder and I had to squirm and hold to stop myself from wetting the bed! There was still no way I could wake Jess's parents, but there was no way I would be able to hold my full bladder until morning. I remember holding between my legs and wiggling around the bed trying to find a way out of my situation.

I think i held for another half an hour - although it felt like hours at the time. I had leaked several times into my white panties and my hand was wet from holding the contents of last night's drinking. I didn't dare look but i'd imagine there was already a big wet patch at this point. In the end, I remember deciding that I couldn't hold it in any longer. I was aching all over. I grabbed a towel that Jess' parent had left. I lay the towel scrunched up on the ground. And i lay face down on the ground and peed though my panties and into the towel!

Afterwards, I was super relieved and felt much better, but I couldn't believe that i had just pissed into a towel.

*001*2021-04-20 20:10

Sorry for the typo in the title (Pissed*)

*003*2021-04-20 22:13

{{28 minutes ago, Corka said:

Mmm yeah pee shyness can lead to some unfortunate accidents. At least you were able to find a towel on time- it must have felt great to finally go potty though. Lovely story

}}

Yeah, I was leaking so much. Luckily the towel held all the liquid, or else I would have had to own up!

Thank you.

*005*2021-04-21 14:30

{{3 hours ago, xixi said:

Great story! Your bladder means business when it wakes you in the middle of the night!

How did you get away with the soaked towel afterwards?

}}

It does for sure!

I sneaked it into the bathroom in the morning when I had a bath & said that I knocked it in the bath. I wasnt questioned, so hopefully they believed me!

*007*2021-04-21 21:18

{{3 hours ago, trekkie said:

Great story! Sounds like you got away with it.

}}

Yes! I was worried that I wouldn't

*009*2021-04-21 21:32

{{9 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Since you got away with it, did you enjoy the wetting itself?

}}

Once I knew I had no choice but to wet myself, I did kind of enjoy it!

I was just worried about it it soaking through onto the carpet!

I enjoy it in hindsight though

*011*2021-04-23 06:42

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

I really enjoy long desperation stories where you hold it in even knowing you wont make it until morning , and after you have leaked for a while. You not giving up until your pee comes out because you cant stop it is so exciting. Thank you.

Did you get the bed wet from your leaks before you got the towel ?

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it. I was properly defeated as morning was hours away!

I think my panties contained most of my leaks. I was really conscious of keeping the bed dry. I may have some bedwetting stories at some point though.

*013*2021-04-23 14:23

{{1 hour ago, CarmenCD said:

A few years ago I stayed over night at my friends place and peed in my sleep. You can't imagine how embarrassing it was when he noticed what happened. He woke up first. Of course, I insisted to pay for cleaning of the mattress, but regardless of that, he never invited me to spend the night at his place again.

}}

Oh wow, I'd invite you over every week

I wouldn't know how to react! Is that a common problem for you or was it just a one off?

*015*2021-04-23 15:09

{{21 minutes ago, CarmenCD said:

Trips to a bathroom in the middle of the night are something normal for me for last 20 years. After about 3 hours into sleep, I'm usually bursting for a pee. But bed wettings happened only occasionally back then. It was not expected, unless I was doing extreme holding during the day. I had a bit too much to drink on that occasion and probably that caused it. Because I was drunk, I accepted the invite into his bed at first place.

Last 2 years I wear diapers during sleep, because I started to have too many wetting accidents and cleaning the bed was getting too much of a hassle. When I got used to diapers, I wake up even less often when I have to pee. Nowadays if I don't wear diapers or use alarm clock to wake me up at certain hour to use a bathroom, it's very likely I'll pee in my sleep.

}}

That experience sounds really nice to me. It's a shame he didn't react too well - his loss! I've had a few planned wettings after being drunk, they were always so much fun!

I'm glad you have found something that solves your problem now. As much as I enjoy wetting myself, I would hate to be caught out by someone who didn't enjoy it. Im sorry he wasnt more supportive

