Wetting the bed

Author: Averylynn

*000*2015-09-16 01:05

So I've been doing some work as a cam girl recently, and I've been trying to make some money by peeing myself on cam (something I do anyways) So I figured I'd have some fun tonight, post a video on ELM and head to bed.

So I have a bucket that's been sitting in my room for almost six months now. All of the time, I get a strong need to pee in that bucket, although I never had. I mean, sure, I peed in a bucket once as a kid, although nothing since then, and this idea has been burning in my mind for months. Just the thought of letting go in the bright purple bucket with Easter ducks all over it was enough to get me wet just thinking about it. My problem in the past is I didn't want someone to see me dumping it out the window, although today I figured that it was late enough on a monday night/ early enough on a tuesday morning, that none of the families that live around me would be up yet, they all had kids to take to school in the morning.

So I set myself up, made a couple of bottles of ice tea, and drank them quickly. It wasn't long before I started feeling my bladder bulging and I could barley hold it anymore (I have a weak bladder) So I grabbed the bucket, holding myself, situated my laptop at an angle I could easily do it at, and peed. It only lasted about thirty seconds, although I was horny just thinking of it,and I ended up quickly stripping off and getting ready to make another video where I was masturbating while peeing on my bed.

I wanted to cum at least once before I started the video, so I could easily maintain orgasm in the video a second time (I'm a terrible faker) so I started reading older posts on here, an touching myself as I did so. I don't know hat happened, but suddenly I could hardly hold my pee anymore so I gave up and just peed my panties while I rubbed my clit and within seconds I was having one of the most intense orgasms I had ever had. I came at least three more times before I finally ran dry, although since then I've had major needs to pee every few minutes, I've probably peed my self about four times while writing this story..scratch that, five

*002*2015-09-16 16:35

{{: 

Wow what a great story.. ever wanted to see a grl who wetting the bed and her pants while mastrubating *.* Is there any option to watch your videos? Because you told that you do some cam girl stuff with wetting?? :)

}}

I post videos on extralunchmoney under the same user name if you go on there I can do custom requests, I forgot to mention it in the story, I did forget to film this event. Although I do make custom wetting videos if you contact me there I can help ya out :p

