Desperation + wetting at work

Author: scissors

*000*2022-04-10 15:38

So I just wet myself unintentionally for the first time since I was 12. Wasn't big but it definitely happened.

~going to change some details for privacy~

So I work at an old folks home and on this particular day I was at the start of a 12 hour shift. I had been assigned to help get a man out of bed. I had drank a bottle of water and an energy drink before work because it was early.

So I get in to work at 8 am and start to help this guy out of bed and I already have to pee a little, but I was on the job. I get him into the bathroom for a shower, and by quarter past I watching the clock, assuming I'd get to take a pee break at 9 o clock.

At half past, the desperation rapidly snuck up on me. As I helped him get dressed, I started getting goosebumps. I could feel my bladder press against my belt as I paced up and down, all the while trying to think about my job.

When nine o clock finally rolled around, I was basically dying. I was still getting him dressed before I could get him into his wheelchair, and he was stalling me. I was simply trying to move as quickly as possible and to not scream at literally every obstruction between me and a piss break. I'm a professional.

So I get him in his wheelchair, and this man falls asleep. In a big, heavy, immovable electric wheelchair, literally in the doorway to the bathroom. I am genuinely on the verge of pissing myself at this point. I was expecting everything to be done and everyone out the bathroom by 9 o clock but, no. Fuck me I guess.

So I started panicking. I was dancing all over his apartment whilst he dozed off. My brain and bladder were yelling at me to go for a piss but I couldn't. It was strange. This never happens at work. Yeah, I've been bursting whilst drunk and/or on public transport plenty of times but never this bad - and this was 9 am at work.

I had the genius idea to start vacuuming to wake him up. I was dancing all over the place with a vacuum directly in front of him. It didn't work. He could sleep through anything and my only option was to wait and suffer.

Half past 9. A whole thirty minutes later than the time the universe owed me. My bladder was beyond aching. Finally this man wakes up and eventually rolls out of the doorway. He asks me to do something for him, and I promptly respond with "Yeah, okay, I'll do that in a second I just need the toilet first," and dart through the door.

Once I was in the bathroom, everything kicked up to 11. I spurted a little into my underwear, but only for a split second as I fought against it very hard. I shut the door and fumbled over the lock, spurting once again, for a little longer this time. I got it locked, so I started fighting against my button and zipper on my jeans, shamelessly pee dancing.

I let out another brief, ominous drop. This was happening completely against my will at this point. I only stopped it for a nanosecond before I completely lost control and started a stream beneath my underwear. Panicking, I stuffed my hand down there, thinking I'd rather pee on my hand than my clothes.

I triumphed over my jeans and ripped them down, planted my ass on the toilet seat, and let go. I sat there peeing my heart out looking at my damp underwear. Thankfully I was in all black, so no one noticed it for the remainder of my 12 hour shift.

