Wish I Had A Key

Author: anonymous guy choc

*000*2010-09-25 03:20

I was sitting in 7th period when I noticed my clockwork bladder was full from the Sierra mist I get at 6th (P.E. i need it.) I knew i could hold it till I got home but today something felt different. maybe It's because I had drank it faster than normal since we were running, maybe it was the sprinkler system being turned on in 7th. But for whatever reason by 8th period I couldn't really concentrate on the advertisement we were supposed to make. oh well. i got through it and on the bus. I chatted with my bus friend and read but all the while my mind kept going back to my unusually full bladder.

Even the conversation turned to wetting (hot) i got off the bus and started the 5 minute walk home (my bus stops at a nearby neighborhood) it felt more like a 30 minute walk as my bladder muscles tightened and i almost lost it as our neighbors dog barked at me. I ran to the door and yanked it... CLOSED! the door was locked and my parents wouldn't be home for three hours i had to find a way in. i ran around to the back but to no avail my bladder was aching now and I couldn't run as well anymore. i knew I was entering stage 3: The filling. (the stages of desperation are my own invention)

I tried the windows with similar results. after these failed attempts i could only think of my full bladder and the site. I even fantasized about writing in here but my computer still said the site was down. anyway All i could do was lie there for 20 minutes and barely stem the tide. after that time I was in stage 5: sheer desperation. and i knew I couldn't hold it in for much longer. augh why couldn't I have a house key!? WHY!? I suddenly felt a squirt rush out into my boxers but I held off the rest. ugh I GOTTA PEE! I screamed but no one could hear me.

I finally decided to give in and empty myself. i statred peeung my pants for only the third time in my life. it felt amazing. Relief washed through me as the pee washed throgh my shorts. it started to puddle on the concrete and then i noticed it. a window to my BATHROOM of all places was ajar. I let myself in. finished what I started and returned outside to retrieve my belongings. I changed out of my pants and into something more comfortable. The only other times I wet myslef i may or may not relate to the site. hope you enjoyed it as much as i did. ;)

*002*2010-09-26 02:54

{{: 

That's interesting story , I believe it happens to many , and you were unlucky to happen to have a full bladder at that time . I liked your " stages " of desperation . If I were you , I would have found a spot with nobody around and just pee there . You're a male , right ? Such things should be easy .

}}

Tried but cars kept coming buy. ( My teacher was in one) so I ended up with wet concrete. The back has an elemntary school that got out later than mine did so that wasn't an option either.

