Girlfriend Partially Wetting Herself

Author: Meowth

*000*2010-08-26 00:06

This is the second thing I’ve posted about my ex. The first one, I don’t think people really liked the chat format, so I decided to try this one from her perspective, as if she was telling the story. Obviously, I’m not her, so I can’t be 100% accurate. This is indeed a true story though, although slightly embellished. It is based on IM chats I had with her, so while I will have to add my own things to it, the main progression, nor will the end result, be changed. If you would like to see the actual (name censored) chat log, you may pm me and I can most likely send it to you.

My name isn’t Jack, by the way. Just an alias.

Enjoy!

The original conversation was on 10/19/08

I believe it was sometime around 12:40 (A.M.) when I was talking to Jack. I was in a black hoody with sky blue silk pants, and no underwear (bra or panties). He had managed to talk me into more fetish stuff. I didn’t really mind, since I knew he was enjoying it, and all I was doing was sitting there talking to him anyway. Unlike him though, I didn’t get off on it. It would probably have been lot nicer if I did, but there was nothing I could do about that. I remember being able to feel the urge a little bit, but barely. So, I did what I always did when we were doing this. I got some water. After that, we just sat and talked to each other. In between casual conversation we would tease each other, neither of it being very direct, since it really wasn’t necessary. He would occasionally ask me about my need, and I would give him an update.

This went on until sometime around 1:20. Up until now, I really didn’t need to go that bad, but right around this time he asked me how badly I needed to go, and I realized that it was starting to get sort of bad. I still really didn’t need to go that much though. Little did I know how quickly that would change. Maybe it was because he brought it up, and got me thinking about it, or maybe I just authentically needed to go, and it was simply coincidence, but within two minutes I was telling him that things were already getting worse. We attempted to keep up with our normal conversation while I continued to hold it; it was starting to become difficult. He was good at getting my mind off it though, since I almost got up to go to the bathroom without thinking. I managed to stop myself though before leaving the computer. I didn’t know why, and at the time, I wasn’t really interested, but my urge was increasing, and fast.

By 1:25, I was telling him things were getting really bad. I remember him asking me if I was fidgeting. Maybe in a way, I had put myself in this position, but he wasn’t quite sure how bad I was getting. In that 5 minutes I was much worse than I had been before, and I was definitely fidgeting. I had actually been ‘fidgeting’ for awhile, but now it was getting difficult to keep my hand away from my crotch. I was getting to the point of asking him what he wanted me to do, but I couldn’t believe it when he said ‘brb’, and told me not to go until he got back.

I was skeptical to say the least since at this point I was basically bouncing in my chair, using all my power to hold on. Although it was hard to see the bright side of things, given my predicament, he came back pretty quickly, about 5 minutes later. All I remember was thanking god and typing some gibberish to get my point across in the chat box. He replied with his cute little ‘something wrong?’, like he was serious. All I remember is that I asked what he wanted me to do. Now, I don’t think he was really stalling me, but he was definitely in no hurry.

I was doing my best not to lose control in my seat, as I read his reply. He wanted me to do one of the things that could possibly cause me have an accident. He wanted me to let just a little bit go in my pants, and then I could go to the toilet. I wasn’t sure if I was going to be able to control it, but of course, that was his plan. So I stood up, shaking and bouncing, trying to hold it in, while at the same time, trying to let some out. It proved to be quite a challenge to do both, but soon, I felt a small stream form in my silk pants as my bladder began to relieve itself.

This was the real challenge though, I was still going, and part of me didn’t want to stop. In the end though, I managed to summon up all my strength and stop the flow that had soaked the bottoms of my silk shorts, and started running down my legs. I started to run as fast as could to the bathroom, while still keeping both hands pressed in my bladder, and with legs shaking as my muscles were slowly weakening and on the verge of giving out. I managed to get to the bathroom just in time, dropping my shorts, and just managing to sit on the toilet as my pelvic muscles relaxed, releasing the contents of my bladder, without my permission. I remember bringing my hands up to face in relief. Not only relief of emptying my bladder, but that I had made it to the toilet. Needless to say a few seconds would have made the difference between the toilet, and the floor.

All comments are encouraged, as well as criticism.

*003*2010-08-26 20:22

{{ 

It's not just an awesome story, since it's in this part of the forums it really happened O__O

Kudos to you Meowth, for making a girl wet her pants (Though not seeing it means you don't win as much as you should >_>)

}}

Thank you both for the compliments.

And yes, this indeed was a true story. One of many similar I might add. It's more then likely I will get around to posting more, but since each one needs to be in story format, and rewritten from a chat log, it could take a little while.

Seeing in person would have been fantastic, but I won't let that stop me from being happy with the experiences I had. Since I'm sure I'll see that kinda thing in person one day. :) *sigh* One day....

*005*2010-08-28 02:13

{{ 

Great story! It was amazing. Like stated before too bad for you that you couldn't see her. But hey if I lived where you did I'd wet myself for you anytime ;)

}}

Thanks. I must say, I'm truly flattered. Comments like that seem to shine a light into the future. :)

*008*2010-08-28 16:09

{{ 

Your story was really well written, I must say. XP You didn't leave a few of the key details out, which is what many fail to do. But yes, it is a shame you were't there in person. Perhaps another time...

}}

Ah, thank you. I do my best to include all relevant details in the story when I write, although it sometimes results in overly long stories.

*010*2010-08-29 16:20

{{ 

You never actually wet for him? Or was your relationship purely over the Internet?

If you owned a laptop, I'd ask to get on that face-to-face chat like Skype and watch you hold it, then eventually move to the bathroom and watch you go in the bathtub, with clothes on of course.

}}

Actually, I mentioned in the intro that this is a story written from her perspective. I'm actually 'Jack'. Although I didn't witness these events, I had them described for me in good details, depending on what questions I asked her. So for the most part, it was fairly simple to piece the story together in a format more pleasing then a chat log. She has wet for me, but of course I have quite a few chats I need to look through in order to find that kind of thing. Our relationship was a bit complicated, since she didn't share the fetish, so you can see how doing things was rather difficult.

