Holding Challenge From An Ex

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-04-08 04:32

This is the second story I have posted about an ex boyfriend, but the first about holding at home.

It had been maybe three months since the car holding, and at this point we had not advanced anymore in that relationships and because of time conflicts it had been a while since we were able to see each other.

I was at home in my bed, and decided to play a nice holding game.

I had drank a glass of water to get the ball rolling in my desperation and once feeling the urge pretty strongly I started reading some stories.

At this point I was not aware of this site so I went to experience project.

I Started to get the urge and spasms more frequently and decided to uncross my legs which was a challenge without using my hand. And then I put a pillow between them so I would not longer be able to hold at all between my legs.

For a minute I clenched with all my might to keep from leaking.

I arched my back and shoved my bottom in at one point to keep the liquids where the belonged.

The rain bouncing off the metal roof was making it increasingly worse.

Then the doorbell rang, it was my boyfriend. At first walking was more difficult then laying, but after Gravity was adjusted it felt easier.

I answered the door and we spent some time on the couch watching a movie or tv.

I was trying to keep my legs together, and not make my predicament as known.

I would say I was a 7 or 8 earlier but had managed it down to a 6 or so now that I was using holding techniques.

Just when I finally had it under control my bladder clenched and I ground my butt further into the corner of the couch putting pressure onto my urethra.

This created the first leak, but it was voluntary. Sometimes you have to loose a little to gain some.

As I began to more and more concentration into it I think my boyfriend noticed but kept his mouth shut.

He got me a beer and because I usually drink them I took occasionally tiny sips.

"Hey you wanna go ride out back?" He was talking about on his new four wheeler that he had brought over here with him.

"Umm I don't..."

"Come on it'll be fun," He was already up getting ready to go out the door.

I stood and bent over thankful we were separated by a bar so that I could give a quick squeeze.

I could go to the bathroom right now, it could be over. But no i wasn't ready to give up.

"I really don't want to go. I'm tired maybe you should just take it for a spin?"

He said it could wait till later if I wasn't feeling up to it.

We went to lay in bed for a bit and when he stretched his arm over my bladder I thought I might loose it for a minute.

I was at home, so if I couldn't exactly make it to the bathroom I would be okay. A little leakage wasn't embarrassing here. So I continued to hold.

We just laid together for a little bit. Somehow his legs got in between mine so it was very hard to hold.

I still managed until... My boyfriend showed me something on Facebook.

I can't remember what. I know that in the moment timed seemed to stop. We laughed hysterically until I felt a giant leak spill over my dam.

I stopped mid laughed and reached both hands toward my crotch, grabbing will full strength until it almost hurt.

He immediately noticed, and confronted me about it.

Somewhat sheepishly I admitted that I had needed to go for a while now. That my need had just creeped up on me.

What surprised the most is when he let out, "can I challenged you to a holding contest."

I nodded, hands still digging in myself.

"I would at every hour, but with your shape every 10 minutes im going to ask you to do something different. If you can make it through 6 challenge when an hour is over you can pee."

Ohh... I liked this guy. I agreed, but a little hesitantly. Even holding I didn't know if I had an hour left.

First challenge: no hands or legs crossed for a full minute, but thighs could be together

I made it through without any more damaged, but by the end of that one I was holding at the edge.

Second challenge: legs apart for 40 seconds, no holding. This was asking a lot I thought. The first couple seconds went by, and I could feel it coming. I wasn't going to make it through this one.

"What if I end up using my hands in the challenge?" I asked through gritted teeth.

"You start it over u too you get right," He smirked.

I lost some just a little at the very end. He said "done."

I sighed going back to holding, as my sphincter muscles throbbed and convulsed.

I made it forty second I could do 40 minutes.

Third challenge: 10 jumping jacks followed by a minute standing, no using hands.

This was going to seriously shake things up.

I made it but by the end I spurting near every movement. I had managed to keep it to a minimum, my jeans weren't wet yet.

My poor thighs shoved at each. Each wanting adequate attention to help the hold. There muscles trying to join in on the fight which took away from my bladder muscles.

I used sheer determination to keep it in. My bladder had just begun to hurt, but it wasn't in pain yet.

Fourth challenge: laying on my stomach for a minute, no thighs touching, no hands.

I lost some in the first thirty seconds. My underwear almost soaked now. My bladder being squished now the liquid had nowhere else to go but out.

I made it.

Fifth challenge: no hand holding legs apart while sitting.

That was like a piece of cake. I still lost some normal leaks.

Final Challenge: go in to bathroom turn tap on, and stand there still in from of it dripping for 2 minutes.

Stand still?! I shivered just thinking about it. My various leaks had soaked my underwear. Somehow my jeans only had a small circle in the crotch area. It wasn't noticeable to anyone not looking.

Now I knew this would use up all my strength. My brain demand I let out my liquid and my muscles fought back as we made our way to the bathroom

I felt the waves of an ocean inside of me. The shark comes to empty you. Spasming and throbbing holding so hard it feels like putting more effort in is impossible. That moment you feel there is no more force to exert, and for a minute the ocean is calm then the waves crash over the shore and the storm comes full pace. The lightening booms in the distance follows by gentle streams. The thunder rolls as the sky gives its last protest before the flood gates open.

That's what I felt in those too minutes. When he called time I was in that calm stage. Like when your holding and it has all gone really bad and before you pee yourself there's that one good squeeze.

I was holding on with my hands, one on each side and my legs trying to cross over them, "can I go now?"

"Can you wait?" He replied.

I cocked my head looking at him funny and stomped my feet.

He came up behind me and sat on the toilet lid, "you are not going to let me pee myself mister," I mustered, my face confronting as a wave came over me.

"No, I'm not. I don't want you to pre yourself, but I think you can hold longer."

I did the most ridiculous pee dance I've ever done before, "no I really can't I replied. Will you at least let me set on the toilet?"

We were in the half bath so there wasn't any tub.

I bent my knees my hand going further in my jeans crotch, "How much longer??"

"That one was too easy, but I promise only 3 minutes, no hands, just legs."

I did every stupid holding trick I could think of, and still only a minute had gone by.

I could feel a spurt creeping up on me and at this point would do anything to keep dry for just 2 more minutes.

I didn't think a lot about it until after I had done it. I sat on his knee with us facing each other. Then I grinded my crotch into his leg.

He looked as surprise as I felt when I did it, this was a completely level of firsts.

Only a minute to go but I could still feel my self slipping.

I had my head on his shoulder, extorting more force when I felt it.

A trickle made its way out, and dampened my jeans, anymore and it would be on his.

I worked my legs together around his but the trickle wasn't stopping. It was slow, but still coming. I used my right hand to go between him and me to try and aid the stream.

It didn't work. If anything g it made it worse. Releasing the pressure I had created between us made it come out more rapidly, his jeans beginning to get wet.

Less than five seconds before the alarm and I was about To pee myself. As soon as he felt the wet on his jeans he stood as I shoved him out of the way.

I peed full force for the longest time I ever had when holding at home.

"Was that fun?" He asked when it was over.

"Yes actually," I replied, "now it's your turn."

