Bus pee

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-01-26 19:17

One time when I was young, I took a 40oz from my parents refrigerator and put in my backpack. I was to young to drink alcohol in my county, but i didnt care. I went to school like any other day, when it was time for lunch I decided to go hide some where and drink he beer. I only wanted to drink a little beer, but I ended up drinking the whole thing before lunch was over. I went back to class, I was a little buzzed but I was okay to handle myself. When I got to class I sat in the back of the room so I can enjoy my buzz until class was over. As time passed the beer started to hit my bladder, When class was over I rushed to the bathroom to go pee.

After that I went to the bus stop and waited for the bus, My buzz was starting to settle down but I was starting to have a bad case of beer bladder. By the time the bus arrived my bladder was really full, and I debated whether I should miss the bus and go to the bathroom or catch it and wait out the 30 minute trip. I decided to get on the bus, I felt like I could wait until I got home. About 10 minutes into the bus ride my bladder was so full it was hurting, The bus was on the freeway so I cant just stop and get out.

I was struggling so hard to hold it I was shaking. It wasnt long before my bladder started contracting, from trying to hold it in. I leaned forward to give myself some comfort while I struggle to hold it, leaning forward was helping me with the bladder contractions because I was able to stop the pee each time. I was shaky, sweaty, anxious, and extremely desperate to pee. I was also scared and frustrated because I did not want to pee myself on the bus, their was people sitting across the isle and it would be super embarrassing is they saw me wet myself. At that age, I never realized how fast beer goes to your bladder and fills it up. A few minutes later I my bladder squeezed so hard that it overwhelmed me and I started to burst into my sweatpants uncontrollably. I was wearing jogging sweatpants so the fabric thinner, but the force of the pee was so hard that I it was shooting my sweatpants and it looked like a mini geyser going through my sweatpants.

The pee came out so hard that the stream reached my shirt and soaked it.

My eyes where closed because I was trying to stop the pee, I could myself soaking the bus seat. Somehow It took about 20 seconds to stop my pee from coming out. When I opened my eyes my pants where soaked my shirt was soaked. Everything around me was literally wet from my pee, it was a disaster like I exploded with pee everywhere. I looked outside to see where I was at and I was still 15 minutes away. My bladder started contracting again, I tried to fight it off but I couldnt stop the pee from shooting through my sweatpants again. I tried to pinch it off, but it hurt to much to pinch it off so I couldnt stop the pee from shooting through my sweat pants. When I was able to stop the pee, I was only able to hold it for a second before i started peeing again. When my bladder finally emptied, i got off the bus and went home.

