Peed myself After Going Out! (KozmoLotto 3 Winner Request!)

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2016-12-19 21:48

Hello! It is I, KozmoFox. Sorry this one has been so long coming! End of semester, exams and all that, and now Christmas coming up, I've been really busy! But the other day, I took a morning to get this done, and it was really a quite invigorating experience.

The winner of this Kozmo-Lotto was @derpleperp

, and his request was: Do you ever have the house to yourself? If so, here we go: go somewhere a short walk or drive from your house and get extremely desperate. But, I want you to hide it. Pretend your in a lecture or around friends. Bring a laptop or a book as a nifty distraction and hold on in epic stealth mode. Then, when you're in real danger, go home and hold in the craziest, most maniacal way. Dance like the world is ending. Brace your crotch on a railing. Let loose figuratively before you lose it literally!

I took all of this to heart, very much so! I set my alarm so I'd wake up in the morning. It was a weekday, but classes are now over so I was free! Also due to this, everyone else in the house was at work or otherwise occupied, and starting in the morning insured I would be well done by the evening when everyone else showed up. I got up, had my morning pee (I like my urine to be diluted) before sitting down with breakfast and 2 cups of tea. Starting measures! Cinnamon roll to eat, if you were wondering.

After breakfast, I looked at my wardrobe. I wanted to be stylish, but it was also pretty cold. I decided on a form-fitting. black long sleeved shirt, and an unbuttoned over-shirt, my favorite black and white one, big stripes! I also decided on some tight light blue jeans, and my black belt. From the belt buckle collection, I tossed on my mocking-jay. I'm not even a fan of the hunger games, I just like the logo. For those of you who are into that sort of thing, black and purple bra and panties, one of my favorite color combos you've likely read of before! And even deeper so, for members such as @Downjacket

(SEE! I REMEMBER WHAT PEOPLE TELL ME!) who are into this particular sort of thing, my winter jacket I wore outside is black and has a bit of a shine to it. Fuzzy hood! Black gloves, lavender finger tips! And some sneakers because my driveway is shoveled and I didn't want boots.

Obligatory description phase! If you've read my stories before, you know the jist! I'm tiny, I think getting tinier as the days go on. Somewhere in the 5'7ish range if I want to be accurate, but I'm hoping closer to 5'9...I know this fluctuates a lot, because its pure guesstimate. Next time I have a checkup at the doctors I'll get measured! I'm extremely skinny, definitely somewhere in the 100-110 range, I'm actually scared to check at this point, worrying that I might be dipping into unhealthy levels of skinny.

So its one of those things where if I don't check, I can stay in the land of "Psssh I'm totally healthy, shhh." My hair isn't black like the deepest void anymore, its at a solid auburn red. Almost Crimson-y, if you will. I quite like it! It's been cut so its not as long as it once was, but its still not short. A little past my shoulders! I'm as pale as the snow outside some days, especially in those sorts of light. Not sure if its ever occurred to me to mention, but I do have a nose piercing and I tend to wear earrings. All studs, on this day.

After I got dressed and everything, I drank a glass of water and waited for a mild feeling of my bladder filling to occur. Once I felt it, I took it as a signal to get out and about! I drove over to this cafe/bar thing in town, and grabbed a table near the window. It wasn't a booth or anything, so I was visible to anybody who looked my way. I opened my laptop, started browsing and chatting with friends via the WiFi, and ordered a coffee from the admittedly cute waiter who came to see me. In addition to the coffee I was brought, I began sipping at a bottle of water. This went on uneventfully, one coffee becoming two, and then a tea, and so on. The waiter seemed to be concerned with the amount of pure liquid I was consuming, so I ordered a piece of cake as well, with a cherry on top. (A/N: I'm a sucker for those sweet cherries you get with sweets)

Eventually, the feeling started building up quite high. I couldn't deny that I really had to pee, but I was curious to see how far I could push it before I caved and started driving home where I could finish the hold in relative peace. There was also the fact that the request dictated I try to hide it as much as humanly possible. I had my legs crossed, trying to make it look as casual as possible, but being in a position where I couldn't so much as hold myself was REALLY fucking with me.

I could feel my bladder pulsating out, meeting the resistance of my belt and tight pants. This as a result, was forcing the pressure downward, where it quite literally was pushing to escape me. And as much as I wanted to moan and lurch forward every time I felt it, I couldn't, because I was hiding it. I really think I looked very normal, but on the inside I was in utter agony. Every now and then a wave would make me twitch and curse under my breath, but my curiosity kept me going despite it. Because despite how goddamn bad I had to pee after all these drinks, I had yet to so much as dribble. I could likely make the 15 minute drive back fine at this point. Maybe. I think deep down, maybe I didn't WANT to make it back fine. So instead of leaving when I normally would....I ordered a green tea.

I drank that green tea, and continued to browse. I don't even remember what I was browsing, nor do I think I was even paying attention to my screen. All of my attention was on my screaming bladder, and not making and obvious moves about it. I think I went for another ten minutes like that and had actually begun sweating from the pure effort I was making to not piss myself right there at the table before it started. You know that feeling when you know its coming? Like, you can feel your pelvic floor slipping? The muscles starting to shake and waver and slowly give out? Like you're at the door holding a ton of heavy boxes and your arms are going weak from the strain, so you're yelling for someone to open it before you drop everything you're carrying?

My bladder was giving that signal, the "I don't care how valiant you think you're being, this is happening." signal. I felt a sickening dread in my stomach and begged and prayed I'd be able to hold back the incoming wave. I froze completely in my seat trying to focus, staring blankly at my screen. I could feel it starting to dribble out. Like I had control, but not all of it. Just enough was gone for some to start escaping. And I could feel it, almost like a slow tease, dripping into my underwear. It took all of my willpower to resist that feeling and fight through it.

That all went right down the drain however when the waiter came by and broke me out of my focus. He had asked a question, I don't know what. I just know I went from being in the zone, to looking him right in the eyes, completely at a loss for words. The loss of focus fucked me over; I felt a gush of urine spurt into my pants, my underwear becoming soaked. It was not a small spurt. It was more like a very split second loss of control, while I was looking this stranger in the eye. I stammered, asking him for the bill. The second he walked away I started slowly and methodically packing my things, my bladder not liking the fact it had gotten relief only for it to be taken away. I couldn't control my legs anymore: As low-key as I was trying to be, I could not stop the trembling. There is very few times I have experienced this level of pure, extreme desperation and had such a handle on it.

On another day I would have lost control right there, I must have just been particularly strong that day. And again, as per the request, I was not allowed to act out of the ordinary. I did not check for damage, I did not use my hand to feel for wetness. If there was any sort of stain, even I have no idea. I just know that the clothes touching my crotch area and slightly underneath felt wet. However much had escaped, it had trailed down. He brought me the bill, and I paid. Having to focus on something else made me dribble more.

What had become a bit cold suddenly had another tinge of warmth to it. I tried not to grit my teeth and bite my tongue while using every single ounce of my being to not explode in a big wet mess on the spot. When he walked away, I promptly stood up, put on my jacket, and walked out to my car, every step feeling like it was going to trigger the tsunami. I do not know the damage at that time, nor do I know if people were looking at me; I was acting normal, so I paid them no mind at all. I got in the car and I rode home.

The drive was agony. The belt was constricting, and every bump, every stop, forced some sort of dribble. Whatever had escaped me in the cafe, more escaped me in the car. Despite everything, I did my best to act completely aloof to it in the car, as the request stated I do not change that persona until I enter my home, as I understood it. I leaked multiple times, and I was very wet by the time I got home. My facade cracked once, as a car in front of me very suddenly slowed to a crawl and I had to brake. I instantly rested my head against the wheel and muttered "Shit" as I felt a steady stream burst forth into my pants for a moment. I could feel the warmth crawling underneath my legs and ass. That was the worst leak of the drive. But I kept going like nothing was wrong!

When I got home, I calmly stepped out of the car and gathered my things. The waves of desperation were overwhelming, I couldn't even think. It was like the pain in my bladder had extended to just about every part of my lower body. My legs were tingling and my abdomen was roaring and my pee-opening was just...I can't describe it. Stalingrad trying to hold back the German advance level of inner violence was happening there. I didn't think I would survive another step without becoming drenched, let alone make it inside, especially after the pang I saw looking at my seat: Two wet spots, about a loonie's size each (Canadian dollar coin for those unfamiliar, like x1.3 the size of a quarter maybe?)

I slowly, and deliberately, made my way to my door. I unlocked it, and stepped inside. Something in reaching my goal of home clicked some sort of mental switch, some sort of "relief is here" mechanism, and my bladder control went to all hell. I dropped to my knees, also dropping my things, yell-moaning something along the lines of "Ohhh fuck!" as I shoved both my hands between my legs as I felt a cascade of urine flood down my thighs. I could literally look down and see it pouring down, tendrils of wetness rushing down my thighs and soaking my hands, towards my knees.

The muscles were fluctuating in and out wildly, so I was essentially rapid-fire leaking...heavy spurt after heavy spurt, like a machine gun. Burst. Burst. Burst. I swung my knees inward and clutched for dear life, trembling and shaking, and for once I actually managed to get things under control. Not without extremely heavy damage, however. My inner legs were extremely wet, and I had left quite a few drops on the floor where I had collapsed.

I stood up and shed my jacket, still clutching my soaking crotch, more desperate than ever. I grabbed onto a chair and I held, and I held. I bounced, I jiggled, I danced. Legs crossed one way, and then I'd reverse and cross them the other way. Bending, crouching, bouncing, everything to try and keep the flood back, especially frantically when I'd feel more escape, my fingers I'd have buried into my crotch feeling a burst of warmth. I hobbled into the hallway and got a glance of myself in the mirror. It was a really weird and surreal sight: I don't actually SEE myself when I'm doing this. Something about it triggered another heavy leak, and I got to look into my own eyes as I instinctively buried one hand deeper between my legs, as my other hand dug into my thigh, the nails digging painfully, pushing my ass out as I bent over.

I bit my lip and let out a weird moaning noise sounding like 'NNNNnnnn' as it seeped out of me; due to the side angle I was able to see the darkness spread from my already wet rear, which got a glistening refreshment, over material that was previously dry, and spread further downwards. A small stream momentarily broke off, at the back of my knee, and pattered onto the floor. Again, I bring to attention how surreal this was to actually watch this happen to me. It was kind of hot, to be perfectly honest!

It was then, when I was starting to completely lose control, that I saw my stairs and remembered a thing from the request. I hopped up onto the landing, and pressed my crotch into the railing, wrapping my arms around it and bouncing. It was surprisingly effective, writhing against that railing. In my pure desperation I almost began to chew on it, pressing my face against it and just squeaking and groaning, "nnnn"s all around. I continued to wiggle and squirm and bounce, moaning almost like a child into the railing, and it seemed like I had a good handle on things, despite obviously being very wet and well beyond the point of no return, and far too desperate to ever hope of getting up the stairs to my bathroom. That thought actually crossed my mind, which caused me to lurch and groan. This was very bad, as it pushed my bladder into the railing.

I let out a small shriek, and promptly EXPLODED. I cannot stress that enough, I lost complete control, no matter how much pressure was being applied to my crotch by the railing. If anything, it was like when you press your finger against the nozzle on the sink: it caused the flow to divert all down the front of my pants, which were completely drenched in seconds. The hissing sound as my pee quite literally sprayed out of me was intense, I actually did bite the railing while moaning this time, almost rolling my hips with the relief as both the hissing and moans seemed to echo through my empty house (I'm very vocal when I finally get my relief or when I'm trying my hardest to hold it back, its fairly embarrassing honestly).

I could see streams pouring off my legs, down onto the stairs and off them, and urine coming out of the bottom of my pants and soaking my shoes and socks. It was a complete and utter flood, and almost no part of my pants were left dry, especially since as it was ending I let myself fall back into a sitting position on the landing, where a pseudo-lake of my creation had formed. I was completely empty shortly after, pushing out the last bit by force. I just kind of rested there and enjoyed all the physical sensations and relief for a bit...until all the wetness got cold. I even had to change my shirt afterward because of the way I had sat, I had gotten pee on my back.

A shower and a new outfit later, and I was on my couch watching Netflix. (It tends to end that way a lot, doesn't it?) and I stayed there and fell asleep while watching TV, and woke up later in the night to prep for a Christmas party the next day, which is where we will end this particular tale.

As always, I hope you've all enjoyed it! My lotto's are one of the ways I give back to the community, and I hope they satisfy where they're meant to.

I always encourage you guys to leave your thoughts below, I am always looking to improve! Even shoot me a direct message if you want, I chat with quite a few people on here :)

If you're new to the tales of the Kozmo, I'll leave my previous works below; I'm always interested to hear on whether one might feel I'm improving or losing touch with what made my earlier stories so liked!

Peed my Pants at the Movie Theater! (KozmoLotto 2 Winner Request)

Peed Myself in the Middle of Town! (Kozmo-Lotto Winner Request!)

Wet myself looking for a bathroom at a club!

Wet myself while gaming (And nearly got caught!)

Peed my Pants While Doing Photography (And possibly trespassing)

(Let me brag for a split second, this one here ^ was actually adapted into an HD Wetting video! One of my biggest accomplishments!)

Two Wettings the Night Before Christmas.

Wet myself outside of the bathroom

Peed my Pants in a Haunted Maze!

Pissed myself while drunk at a friend's apartment!

Wet myself at the University

This one is more of a...Kozmo-Lite, if you will. Not really a story:

I just wet myself in my sleep!

I hope you all enjoy. I love you all and this site, very very much!

Have a great day, everyone!~ <3

*010*2016-12-21 18:47

I'm glad its so well liked!! :D

*013*2016-12-22 21:31

You're all far too kind :')

*015*2016-12-26 04:22

{{On 2016-12-24 at 3:32 AM, AliasnameTO said:

I don't comment a lot and I apologize for that, but these lottery stories are part of the reason I followed you. Excellent all around. :D

}}

No need to apologize!

I'm extremely happy my writing warranted a follow. :D

*017*2016-12-28 17:36

{{On Monday, December 26, 2016 at 3:41 PM, homeanddry said:

Excellent reading, as always! I justfo. s the way you tell the story and how you manage to work a detailed description of every aspect of it - without making it boring in the slightest. Can't wait to read the result of round four, or whichever other experience might come before it :-)

}}

Im glad to hear I keep up pacing well! As long as these tend to be, I try really hard to keep things Interesting as I ramble on!

*019*2016-12-30 00:15

{{14 hours ago, ScaryJello said:

Very well written, as always.

But...5'7" is tiny? I get that you're skinny, but that's still like three inches taller than me at the least! xD I am a short guy, though. Just kinda funny to hear someone notably taller than me call themselves "tiny". I have to look up at most people I talk to :P

}}

Its a guesstimate :P

Compared to like, 85% of people I know I am notably smaller in both width and length, so in general as well

