Boyfriend's Accident in the Car

Author: Mackennamarie

*000*2017-05-07 12:22

I'm so excited to have this story to tell, especially because it was probably a once in a lifetime opportunity and because he was so embarrassed that he made me swear we'd never talk about it again. I was nervous about posting my first story a few days ago, mostly because I sometimes drag things out and use too much description by accident (I'm a writer, it's a problem), but it seemed to go over well so I figured I'd write about the other experience I had. I know this sounds like a poorly-written fanfic and even though he'll never admit it, yes it actually happened.

Anyways, I started dating my boyfriend Alex about three months ago. We're both 23, he works with me (which is where we met) and he's absolutely perfect. Lean body, long brown hair, those perfect green eyes; okay now I'm just gushing. This happened about a month ago, two months into us dating and about six months after we met for the first time.

It was an unseasonably warm day in April, and we both had off work that day and the day after. At work the night before, we joked about getting in the car early in the morning and just driving down to the beach for the night. What started out as a joke quickly turned into a good idea, just a fun little vacation away from all of the stress that work was causing, so we just decided to go with the flow. He agreed to pick me up at six the next morning, it was about a four hour drive from where we are and we would get there around early afternoon.

I was excited when I got into his car at almost exactly six, just like we planned. I had a whole two days with him to look forward to, and everything going wrong in life was temporarily fading out of my mind. We started driving and quickly jumped the highway as he sipped on his large coffee, something I've never seen him drink before.

"You tired?", I asked him. "You never drink coffee."

"Way tired, I couldn't sleep but I figured this would give me some quick energy if anything." He finished almost the whole coffee in the next twenty minutes as we continued down the highway, more than excited to get to the beach. About an hour into the trip, I noticed his leg bouncing up and down slightly as we sat at a red light. Obviously me, being who I am, wondered to myself if he had to pee from all of the coffee he's not used to to having. He's always been shy when it comes to things like using the bathroom, and I wondered if he'd come clean and admit it or wait until I asked him to stop somewhere (he knows I have a small bladder, so I'm sure he figured I would.) Things were kind of quiet at this point as we continued to drive, and I tried not to make it seem like I was staring as he squirmed in his seat every so often. We were about to pass an exit and he slowed down a little and looked at me.

"Do you need to stop or anything before we get on the interstate? Traffic's usually backed up here around this time because of the morning rush." Normally I would have said yes just for the chance to empty my bladder, but I secretly wanted to see what he'd do if I said no, so I shook my head. I noticed him grimace a little and drive past the exit and onto the interstate, obviously not wanting to lose pride by being the one who needed to stop.

Of course he was right about the interstate, the traffic was ridiculous around eight o clock there, or just so in general. It seemed like we were doing a lot of just sitting, stuck between cars and time was going by so slowly. It had been about an hour and forty minutes by now and I had to pee just a little bit, certain I could hold it for a couple more hours or probably even until we got there. I glanced back over at Alex, who had one hand resting on the steering wheel and the other close to his crotch. I watched out of the corner of my eye as he shifted in his seat a little before squeezing himself with his hand, then quickly turning to look at me to make sure I wasn't paying attention. I could feel myself become more aroused by the situation, never thinking I'd get the opportunity to see him desperate.

"You good? You seem a little tense.", I asked him kind of coyly. He immediately tensed and stayed still, making his hand into a fist and lying it back on his lap repetitively. The traffic was moving so slow that it was frustrating me, and I wasn't even the one driving.

"Uh, yeah. I'm fine. I just have a bit of a headache." Perfect. I pulled out two Tylenol and a full bottle of water from my purse, excited for this opportunity now, too.

"Here, take these. They'll help. And drink as much of the water as you can, you're not used that much caffeine, it dehydrates you." I half expected him to crack but he didn't, taking the pills from my hand and downing them with about half of the bottle of water.

"You should finish that, you need to stay hydrated.", I insisted.

"No, I'm alright, I'm sure this'll help, thank you though." At this point in our slow moving traffic, I noticed the stretch in front of us had one closed lane which was causing the extra slowness. Alex groaned under his breath as he noticed the scene and I felt the arousal increase inside of me, hoping I'd actually have the chance to see him have an accident. We were at a complete stop again as I heard him take in a short breath. The part of me that felt bad for him in this predicament was silenced by my curiosity and want to push him over the edge.

"Headache that bad?", I asked him, not wanting to let in on the fact that I knew he was lying. He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and shook his head yes, looking for another cause to blame.

"Here, I know something that'll help." I leaned over as far as I could with my seatbelt on and started massaging his shoulders and neck, feeling the tension beaming off of him. "You're so tense, I can't help when your muscles are so tight. Just take a deep breath and let your whole body relax, okay? Just relax." I could see his desperate attempt to not move under my touch, but it was quickly thwarted when I'm guessing another wave of desperation hit him, causing his knee to bounce quickly and his hand to fly back to his crotch and squeeze.

"You're not relaxed.", I said playfully. I could see him squeezing himself every three to four seconds now and knew it wouldn't be long before he couldn't hold it anymore.

"I...I can't.", he said in a flat tone.

"Why not? Is your head still bothering you?"

"No, I just uh, kinda have to pee." he finally admitted, now letting himself squirm a little more openly.

"Oh, okay, I have to go a little bit too. We can stop at the next stop if you want, I think it'll only be another twenty minutes or so in this mess." He groaned again a little louder, his hand now not moving it's spot as he kept a tight grip on himself.

"No, I need to go like, right now, I didn't expect all of this traffic." I could see his face turn red with embarrassment and didn't know what to do. I thought about telling him to try using the bottle or his empty coffee cup, but instead just looked down at his trembling thighs.

"Here, I'll help.", I said as my fingers went towards his leg. He was almost shaking now, and I knew that even if we did get somewhere soon he probably wouldn't be able to hold it until he got inside.

"Don't. I can't move my hand.", he moaned. He didn't look at me during any of this, and I tried to act like it was no big deal to me. I ignored him and quickly replaced his hand with mine, hearing him whimper and seeing the tiniest spot between my fingers on his jeans a moment later. I knew how bad he had to go, but seeing him leak even the tiniest amount was still shocking to me, it was so unreal that one my fantasies was coming true right before my eyes. I continued squeezing his dick and feeling it throb under my touch as I tried to convince him to relax a little, secretly hoping he'd soon just let go.

"Just try to relax the rest of your body, okay? It's worse if you tense up everywhere the way you are." He didn't say anything and it was clear he didn't listen to my advice, still overcome and blinded by need. He had both hands on the wheel now, tapping his hand forcefully as I continued to keep my grip on him, wanting so desperately to let go on purpose and watch him leak.

Eight minutes went by and he was somehow still holding it all in as I felt another small warm sensation underneath my fingers, followed by a second, slightly longer one. He was losing control and I could barely stand to watch without wanting to climb on top of him. I acted sympathetic and didn't say much as he tried to focus on driving and holding back his overly-full bladder. Traffic sped up a little faster than expected for the one lane situation, and we managed to pull into a local fast food joint. His pants were mostly dry besides a small round spot around my hand, and I moaned quietly at the thought of how terribly full his bladder must have felt. He parked the car and I finally had the courage to let go of the hold I had on his dick, and within a second he was already peeing. I watched as a stream made it's way across his thigh for a few seconds before he clamped down, frantically dancing in his seat.

"Mackenna, I told you not to let go.", he said flatly. I couldn't tell if he was angry with me or just full of embarrassment of the situation, but I apologized anyways, merely saying I forgot. "Fuck.", he groaned, and I watched as the spot on his jeans slowly grew a little wider every few seconds. Not wanting to see him completely ruin his upholstery, i quickly took the lid off of his coffee cup and passed it to him.

"Here, this is empty, just pee in that until your bladder is empty enough to get out." He still didn't look at me as he took it out of my hand, probably unsure of how he was going to get his pants out of the way before releasing his bladder. He fidgeted and squirmed, trying to adjust himself for a few more seconds before I watched him hold the empty coffee cup up between his legs, his pants still on. I immediately heard the sound of water hitting the plastic surface as he tried his best to aim into the cup while peeing through his pants.

He let out a long sigh and continued going, half of his pee hitting the inside of the cup and the other half spreading quickly across his thighs and soaking into the seat of his car. His body finally seemed to relax and the tension leave him, and the look of relief on his face was amazing. He seemed to no longer care about making a mess or me watching as he emptied his bladder, which seemed to take forever. After he was finally done, he sat the cup in the cup holder, looked down at the damage he had done and said nothing besides 'this? Let's never talk about this again.

