Planned "accident" almost turned into a real accident

Author: doctorwhat

*000*2015-10-04 02:04

I live in a dorm with a roommate, so my holding/wetting opportunities are terribly limited. I can't pee in clothes even in the shower stall because then I have to justify why I'm walking down the hall with wet clothes. I can't get too desperate in the room or else I have to justify why I'm sitting in my bed squirming around like I'm gonna piss myself when the bathroom is only 10 feet down the hall. My goto is just holding it until I can't sit still, going to take a shower, and holding it as long as long as I can while I shower. But that's not story-worthy.

Today was different. My roommate was gone most of the day because she was studying in the library, so I figured that I could, at the very least, get a bit more desperate before I went to shower, even if I still couldn't wet my clothes and couldn't even do it with the shower off (someone might hear and get suspicious). I started noticing I had to pee around 12:15, drank some water, and held till about 1 when I realized that my roommate wasn't going to leave soon enough, so I went to the bathroom and started again.

I drank about 650 mL over the course of the next hour, and my roommate left at 2. This was good news for me because by this point I was getting a bit fidgety and didn't want her to notice. I estimated that I'd be able to hold until about 3, so I sat at my desk and worked on homework.

My legs were crossed, and I was absentmindedly bouncing my knees anyway, so I was able to forget about my need for about 20 minutes. I reached down to grab a textbook from my bottom drawer which jolted my bladder, making me have to grab myself for a minute to make sure I could maintain control. I went back to work for about 5 minutes but soon realized I couldn't focus on anything and stopped trying.

I read omo stories for about 10 minutes before I decided I really couldn't focus even on those because I was too busy squirming in my seat, so I gave up and decided to go shower. Standing up made me even more desperate so I bent over slightly, jammed my hand between my legs, and walked quickly, retrieving my towel and shampoo so I could leave. Thankfully, there was no one in the hall, so though I stopped holding myself in case someone walked by, I still walked awkwardly bent over to relieve the pressure (and I'm honestly not sure I would have made it if I hadn't).

I walked into the bathroom and, seeing that no one was in there, held myself again as hard as I could, walked as fast as I could into the shower stall, and shut the door behind me.

My college is blessed with these lovely showers that have a section in front of the shower for you to change in so I stood there, between the closed door and the shower curtain, struggling to gain control before I undressed. I could not afford to accidentally pee in my jeans because there would be no subtle way to get them clean without someone noticing. Finally feeling like I could stop holding myself without losing control, I removed my hands to unbutton my jeans but before I could get them off, I felt myself start peeing. I jammed my hands between my legs once more and quickly regained control, leaving only a small wet spot on my boxers. I squirmed desperately and eventually tried again. I stopped holding myself, yanked my pants down, and then held myself again with one hand while I hung my jeans on the hook with my other. Success. Now all I had to do was get my shirt off, turn on the water, and jump in the shower. That was easier said than done.

I fortunately had the sense to stand in the shower section at this time, because there's no drain in the changing section, and having an accident there would be just as hard to clean up as having an accident anywhere else. I was holding myself as hard as I could with one hand while trying to somehow yank my shirt off with the other (I was pretty sure it was going to be impossible because I would have to stop holding myself to do it, but I tried anyway) when I felt my bladder contract. Piss splattered onto the shower floor, but I squeezed my legs together, dancing frantically until I regained control. I couldn't pee yet. What if someone came in and heard me?

Less than a minute later, my bladder contracted again, more forcefully this time, and I lost control. Pee sprayed forcefully between my fingers and into a puddle beneath my feet, which gradually reached the drain as it grew larger. I kept my hand between my legs in an attempt to quiet the sound (though it would still have been quite obvious what I was doing if anyone else had been in there) and felt the warm pee running between my fingers and down my legs. I peed for what felt like ages before it stopped. Finally able to stop holding myself, I yanked off my shirt and turned on the shower.

I definitely want to do that again.

