How I've been keeping busy in the pandemic...

Author: omobecca

*000*2021-02-16 00:35

So I returned to live at home so I wasn’t, you know, living alone during a pandemic. I have to admit that the whole thing has been super hard on me. My mental state has been at its lowest for as long as I can remember. I’m not at all looking for sympathy but this has all led to me needing to find a way to keep occupied.

Luckily, I suppose, both of my parents are key workers and haven’t been working from home. This means I have the house to myself for most of the day for five days a week. This is usually when I feel my lowest because it’s just me again. Very quickly I realised I needed to find a way to occupy myself. I’m not much of a gamer. Films and TV shows can only be watched so many times. Writing sometimes feels like a chore. What do you do when everything you used to enjoy becomes numbing? I figured going outside would help. That’s how I got into running.

I suppose the next load of experiences is just me letting you guys know how I’ve been dealing with the lockdowns. Being home is nice because you know… parents and people. But it’s safe to say I’ve wet myself a lot to keep, I don’t want to say sane, but busy?

But yeah, I’ll post more and more whenever I get the urge to write about them. There have been a few!

The first one…

I’ve spent my life hating exercise. I used to despise PE in school. I never used to avoid it like some people did but I did take advantage and always pretend to play badly, even if I thought I’d be good at it. The only thing I enjoyed when I was younger was rugby. I even played for a local team once. Other than that though just no.

Anyway. I left most of my clothes back in the other town I live in. I never thought I’d be home for this long but oh well. The first time I convinced myself to go for a r… a ru… go for a… run. Ew. I put on an old pair of black leggings I found at the back of a drawer, a black sports bra, an loose fitting white t-shirt, and an old, thin, faded red hoody. I squeezed into some battered trainers that I didn’t mind getting muddy. Not that it was muddy outside. But in case, you know?

Unsure how somebody gets ready to do a running, I quickly poured myself a bowl of cereal and finished off the last of the orange juice in the fridge. There wasn’t much so moved onto water. Gotta stay hydrated! Right?

Once fuelled, I left the house and calmly walked down the street. I pulled at the hoody and shifted my legs together. I could tell the leggings were old as they were slightly rough against my skin. Not as silky smooth as new ones. Do I stay on the pavement? The road? I mean, the roads were mostly empty. But more people would look at me? Are people looking at me? God, I hate this. My mind raced as I believed I was pathetically jogging along. After about 20 minutes of uncomfortable attempted exercise, I darted off the road and down a public footpath. This soon lead me to the edge of the town. 

The footpath here splits into a crossroad. You can either go the way I came from which leads to the estate I live in, left towards the main road which goes to the next major town, forwards into farmland, or right into a wooded area. The woods were infamous for young people pitching tents and drinking all night. The council have tried to stop this by putting up information boards explaining the history of the land, making the trails more obvious, and setting up a small playpark inside. You know, all the things to promote local tourism. It sort of worked.

The footpath was uneven underfoot. My ankles gave way multiple times as I plodded through the dips and mounds. I remember smiling as the shaded woods were much more private than attempting to know what I was doing in the streets. I was overthinking all of it. I eventually stopped and held the back of my head, breathing heavily. How could my mouth be dry but full of spit at the same time? As I huffed and puffed I took a while to admire my surroundings. The leaves rustled in the wind and the air was fresh. It was nice. It made a difference to spending most days in my bedroom. I brushed my hair back with my hand and wiped the sweat over my knees. As I stood there panting an elderly couple walked past with a dog. We wished each other good morning.

“Tired?” the woman laughed.

“Heh, yeah” I replied, wiping my mouth of spit. I then smiled and greeted the dog, as you do.

“Go on” offered the man, letting the strain of the lead go as the golden labrador jumped on it’s front two legs and then over to me. I squatted down and excitedly stroked the dog as it stopped at my knees. A few seconds later it jumped up and rested its paws on my knees. I fall backwards onto the ground and made a surprised sound.

“Oh, sorry, down!” the lady ordered as the man pulled at the lead.

“It’s okay” I laughed as the dog was pulled off me.

“Sorry about that” the man said apologetically.

“Really it’s okay” I replied laughing. I brushed at my knees once I noticed the muddy paw prints. As well as the mud, my knees had been made slightly wet. I lifted myself off the ground and wiped down my backside.

“Sorry, dear. Have a good day” the lady said as she nudged at her husband to a carry on. I smiled at the couple then gave the dog a bigger smile as it turned its head before being led away.

I sighed at the mud. I could feel the dampness of the mud against my knees under the leggings but the wetness wasn’t really showing through the material. No. No. NO. No. I was having a mental argument with myself. Can you guess what I was thinking? Yeah. That. I brushed at my knees again to feel the extent of the wetness. Not much and certainly not visible in the shade of the trees. I let out a groan. I could. I could literally wet and no one would know. Who was here? Well, other than those two. They were the first people I saw in here? No! I didn’t need to. I literally didn’t need to do that right here. I could wait until I got home.

But that’s no funnnnnnnn.

I patted around my ass to feel if it had been made wet by the fall. Not really. Just dusty from the ground. See! I tried to convince myself again and again I didn’t need to do it. I wanted to, but didn’t need to. I could go back home, right now, and safely do whatever I wanted. I could. I should! I… wouldn’t. Fuck.

I pushed past some bushes on my left so I was off the track. I carried on for a while. I assumed giving myself more time to think about my decision would help me make the sensible one. It didn’t. As I went further through I came to a cute little clearing. Two trees had previously fallen onto each other and created a mishappen ‘X’. I turned back to look towards the footpath. I could only make out some features I’d seen when speaking to the elderly couple. I figures I was mostly out of sight. I certainly would be if I was closer to the ground. I noticed that if I had carried on through the clearing I would make it to the edge of the treeline. I could make out the sky behind the thinning trees. I dropped my shoulders. I could hear some birds singing.

I liked it here. I noticed some odd looking sticks propped up between the two fallen logs. They were formed as if someone had tried to make a den. I laughed to myself. I went over to investigate. I stepped over a broken part of one log and stood within the ‘X’. Two sides had been poorly built up with a mixture of small and thick sticks. Most of them had been pulled from the fallen trees. Piles of leaves had been made. I assumed as somewhere to sit? I soon found evidence of rubbish. A few crisp packets and plastic bottles. I sighed. As I slowly spun on the spot to admire the clearing and the branches above me, I could feel it. I closed my eyes and considered my actions again.

I wanted to wet but genuinely didn’t want to get back home in wet leggings. The fear of being seen in broad daylight with even the smallest of wet patches made me feel sick and anxious. But I wanted to. I needed to indulge. I could do it here. No one was here. Only I was here. I hurriedly turned my head and looked in all directions. Still nobody. My breathing got quicker as I got more excited. I grabbed the waistband of my leggings and hesitated a few times. I clenched harder and then slipped them down to my knees. As I pulled them down I forced my whole body to the floor. I pressed my ass into the grass and leaves and rested my back on one of the logs. My legs were raised and the leggings were bundled at my knees. I looked down at my plan black knickers. I, stupidly, ran my hand up the front of them and instantly felt tensed up. Ugh.

After what felt like a few minutes of forcing myself not to and listening out for people, I eventually closed my eyes again and rested my head onto the bark behind. I relaxed my body and felt the first warm dribble escape me and trickle down the material and towards but butt cheeks. I instantly tensed up again but then slowly released. The pee gushed from me and soaked my knickers. I could feel the pressure of the stream force it’s way through the cotton and it pool into the grass beneath. The calmness of the clearing was broken by my audible moan. I quickly bit down on my lower lip as my crotch tickled with pins and needles. I briefly pushed my palms on the floor and lifted my ass. A louder patter of pee hit the ground below and I could feel it dribble from my cheeks.

As the stream died down I sat back down in my puddle. Wet grass brushed against my skin. I was throbbing. I bit my lip harder and scrunched my face tight. I made a panicked inhale as I realised I had been holding my breath for a while. I inhaled sharply but twice. I spluttered half way as I felt my pussy tingle. Completely in the moment I violently caressed my clit. It didn’t take long. My back arched and my ass pushed into the ground as an implosion of arousal rushed outwards from my vagina. All the tension in my arms and legs felt like it came flooding back to my pussy before dissolving away. I scrunched my toes in my trainers and felt my calves go to jelly. I made a few open mouthed moans as the pressure built again and instantly released. My knickers were flooded again as my whole body juddered.

I think it was a squirrel that caused me to open my eyes. My heart skipped a beat as I heard the rustle and snapped twig. My eyes flung open and I pulled my legs in tight. I quickly realised that I felt cold and damp. I can’t have had my eyes closed for long, surely? I nervously waited a while to make sure the sound hadn’t been a person. I tried to hide my heavy breathing. The branches rustled and the breeze was light. I calmed myself down. I innocently used some leaves to try and dry my underwear but it didn’t work too well. 

I slowly pulled myself up and lifted my leggings. My thighs seemed cold. I let the waistband ping into place and the backside of the material cling to my ass. People will see. People will see. Oh fuck people will know. I tried grinding my ass against the bark to make the material naturally dirty. I have no idea if it worked at the time. Not wanting to run back into civilisation too quickly, I looked around once again to make sure I was alone then nervously made my way towards the thinning trees.

I was hit by a wall of warmth as I left the shade. It was slightly overcast but clear nonetheless. I had walked out to a clear opening of bright grass and a surprisingly idyllic hillside that looked over the nearby farmland. I could see rolling fields of varying greens and browns. An overgrown and unused footpath lead down the face of the hill towards a few, what I assumed were, fenced off farm buildings at the bottom. To my left was a dried out mudded area which had obviously seen some activity. Some more logs had been carefully positioned around a blackened pit that seemed to have been thoughtlessly dug into the mud.

I walked over, unaware if anyone or anything was there. I could still feel a few trickles of cold pee wiggle it’s way down the back of my legs. The area was definitely abandoned but was obviously one of the spots people would use for their drinking sessions. Bottles and cans littered the ground around the logs and some had been thrown into the pit. I pulled my phone from the pocket in my hoody. Turns out I had only been out for about an hour. I scoffed. I thought it had been longer. I decided to stay a while so my knickers could dry out a bit. I saw down on a log and admired the view.

Back at home I decided to make the most of my situation. I almost couldn’t believe what I’d done. I started to feel guilty that I’d peed in some kids’ den. They’d never know though surely? Nah. Surely not. I locked the front door and ran straight for the bathroom. Even though I knew no one else was home for a few hours I instinctively locked the door. I went straight back to feeling around my pussy. The leggings had taken a bit of a hit but it was only obvious in direct light. I sighed in relief as I pulled at the material. I wasn’t too desperate but I made an effort to push with all my might as I stepped in the shower. Some pee made its way out of me again but this time ran straight down my legs. I had my fists clenched tight and my knees bent. The flow lasted for about four seconds but was enough to make the inside of my legs glisten. As I was in the safety of my own home, everything happened a lot quicker.

I treated myself to a very cold then a very hot shower.

