Just had trouble in the shower...

Author: nAt2017

*000*2019-08-25 04:22

Hi everyone! I'm new to writing out my own desperation experiences, so please bear with me if none of this is any good.

I'm heading across the country tomorrow for school, but until then, I'm staying with my family... basically, limited options when it comes to desperation. I've been working with the Omo Trainer game, and it was seriously refusing to let me pee... I really needed to go, but couldn't very well have an accident in my childhood bedroom. So, I decided to wait it out in the shower (with the water running) until I burst.

I usually pee before showering... old habits die hard, you know? I therefore don't have a ton of experience with being soaking-wet while holding back a full bladder. You can imagine my surprise, then, when I realized that having hot water raining down on me actually helped me hold it. I guess my bladder muscles relaxed a little with the heat, and increased my capacity?

Anyway, I was still in pretty serious discomfort, and I wanted to speed things up. I turned on the cold water, and my bladder immediately contracted – I started dancing around like a maniac, moaning and clutching myself and squirming. I'm surprised I didn't slip and fall. It was a really incredible sensation, so I took the movable showerhead and started using the water to press on my lower stomach, expecting myself to lose control.

But I didn't.

I guess since I usually never pee in the shower, my body just didn't want to let go... but I had to go so badly, so I started trying different positions – legs up, squatting, etc. I swear, my bladder was screaming at me to release, but my sphincter muscles were clamped shut. There was also a conscious psychological barrier, since I was a little apprehensive about the whole situation – the only other time I've ever peed in the shower was when I was little and I REALLY couldn't wait.

But a few more urgent pangs convinced me that I couldn't wait now either, so I eventually managed to relax, and I peed.

The worst/best part was, it came out soooo slowly... like my body still couldn't come to terms with the situation. It was agonizing and blissful at the same time. Anyway, I'm now sitting in my bathrobe on my bed, feeling my bladder fill up slowly again. I don't think my family will be okay with me taking a second shower tonight, so I guess I'm just going to have to hold it in until morning

*003*2019-08-25 21:39

{{16 hours ago, Hintojo said:

Now the real question is... can we expect a holding story about your cross-country trek tomorrow?

}}

I didn't get desperate on the plane, unfortunately! I'm a little paranoid about that seatbelt light, so I always make sure to pee before boarding...

I haven't visited a restroom since the airport, though, and I just drank several glasses of water at dinner... I'm hoping my bladder will fill quickly! I'm in the mood for a good hold

