Two Stories, One Classroom

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2017-05-09 19:01

So I know I haven't posted in forever, I sort of forgot about this website to be perfectly honest....sorry guys!

So when I was a senior, I was in a class with all girls. There were no guys in the class, so I was like "hell yeah" from the start.

STORY 1:

Well, one day this girl that I had sort of a crush on, we'll call her Ki, peed her pants a little. Ki had long, brown, straightened hair, she was probably 5'7'', and of normal build. This day, she had worn a green v-neck t-shirt, and black tights, to which her ass was covered by the back of her shirt. One day, my class and I were all sitting around, laughing up a storm about a video we were all watching. They kept playing it on repeat, and I'd have to say Ki was laughing the hardest out of everyone else.

Earlier in class, she had asked to use the rest room. My teacher simply ignored her. She had said something along the lines of "I just have to pee, I'll be really quick!" Everyone in the class started laughing saying "Oh come on! She just has to pee!! She's gonna wet herself if you don't let her go!" Still, my teacher ignored her.

So the girls are laughing it up, and laughing it up. Ki wasn't in her seat, she was standing so she could see the video on the phone. She was laughing so hard that she was squatting. Someone saw Ki laughing so hard, and cried, "She's going to pee her pants! She's gonna wet herself!" Ki was still laughing. She couldn't stop laughing. I saw her trying to cross her legs even though she was knelt down, squatting. Still laughing, she put her hand to her crotch.

Meanwhile, I'm sitting there, watching all of this occur, knowing what's going to happen next.

So, between laughs, Ki yelled, "Mrs. ___, can I please use the bathroom?! I need to pee!"

Finally, my teacher granted her permission to go pee. But poor Ki had already began going before my teacher said she could. Still squatting, a small stream came dripping out of her tights, through her shirt that was covering up her ass, and onto the floor. Someone saw this, and yelled, "OH MY GOD SHE'S ACTUALLY PEEING HER PANTS! SHE'S WETTING HERSELF!!" Ki quickly stood up, and tried to run out of the classroom, while holding her crotch in an attempt to stop peeing. She was laughing even harder, which didn't help, so instead of running out of the classroom, she stayed in it until she regained control of her bladder. I saw urine dripping down her leggings, while the class was in hysterics laughing at what Ki did. A path of urine on the floor led up to right where she was standing.

Ki's blushed, and her eyes welled up as she quickly ran out of the class. She came back a few minutes later, dry, except for the stain on the bottom of her shirt from where her ass had soaked up a lot of urine. She then had to clean up her own mess in front of everyone in the class.

STORY 2

So in the same class, there was another girl, named Amber. Amber was short, long brown hair, and also of normal build. Her and I are good friends, and she is cute. She was wearing yoga pants and a sweatshirt that day. [Note- this wasn't the same day, this was a while before Ki's accident]

So Amber and I were chatting in class, and she had her legs crossed the entire time. When class actually started, my teacher began reading aloud a story for a lesson we had. I kept seeing Amber crossing and uncrossing her legs as my teacher read aloud to us. We weren't really allowed to interrupt because it would make everyone lose focus, so we would always have to wait until she was done with the lesson or story to ask to use the bathroom. Finally, towards the end of the period, my teacher finished.

Amber raised her hand to ask to use the bathroom, but my teacher was too busy with talking with other students across the room to notice her. Amber was tapping her foot now, raising her hand urgently. I turned to her to have conversation with her, but she quickly said "I have to pee..."

Having the soft voice that she has, me partially being deaf, and me making sure I heard that right, I said, "what?"

" I have to pee so bad!! I'm going to piss everywhere!"

"Then ask if you can go pee," I teased. She gave me a look, and raised her hand higher. She even called out my teacher's name, but she didn't hear her.

"Ughhhh...." Amber moaned. She stood up and walked to her desk. "Can I PLEASE use the bathroom?!"

My teacher looked at the time. My school had a rule where you aren't allowed to leave your class ten minutes before the end of the day, as too many kids would leave early to go to their cars and leave the school. "Nope, sorry, you can't wait ten minutes?"

"It's an emergency! I'm going to pee all over myself!" Amber begged.

"No sorry...."

Amber returned to me as we chatted some more, but she only wanted to talk about how badly she needed to pee. "I've been holding it in all day long and I just really need to pee and I don't think I can hold it much longer!!"

Five minutes went by, and she began pacing with her hand on her crotch. Another minute went by, and she was right by the door so she could run to the bathroom as soon as the bell rang. Another minute went by- 3 minutes before the bell- and she was now squatting to hold it in.

"I actually can't hold it in any longer....literally I'm about to piss all over the place..." she groaned.

I said to her, "you can't just hold it for like three minutes?"

"No-ho-ho..." she said. A minute went by again, two minutes before the bell, and she said, "fuck it, I'm just going to piss..." and she began wetting her pants.

She tried to contain it with having her hand on her crotch, but it overflowed, and poured all over the classroom floor, and all over the front of her thighs. It went all over her ass. At this point, she admitted defeat, spread her legs, and accepted the fact she was wetting. Some people stared, and others ignored it. An enormous puddle was at the bottom of her moccasins, with the puddle rippling from the drips going down her yoga pant legs. Her pants were drenched. I stayed after school with her as she wiped up the mess she made, embarrassed, but relieved from her bladder. I poked fun at her from it, but she didn't care too much since I was her friend.

