The Meeting

Author: Maya

*000*2019-06-11 01:16

Quick note: I changed names and some other details for privacy, but this is true and really did happen today. I'm still in a bit of shock.

A few months ago I landed what is in many ways my dream job. I work for a Pete, a guy who is well respected and very successful in his field. Although he can be a bit scatterbrained at times, he is generally easygoing and an excellent boss. It also helps that his office suite is in a beautiful, prestigious building, and I get to come and go as I please for the most part as long as the work gets done.

The one thing about our suite is that since it’s one of the smaller ones given the firm’s size, we don’t have our own bathroom. But that’s generally not a problem, since there is a restroom on each floor. However, I don’t like to use it if I can help it since although it’s clean and tastefully designed, there are gaps between the stall doors as is typical in the US, and I’d rather just go at home for privacy.

So I’ve developed a bit of a routine. When I arrive in the morning usually at 10am – 10:30am I take a few sips of water per hour to avoid dehydration while also avoiding needing to pee. I’ll have a glass of water with a light lunch – usually a salad with chicken or salmon from the building’s café. By the time I feel even the slightest sense that my bladder is filling, it’s usually no earlier than 2pm. By 5pm when I head out of the office, my bladder sometimes starts to feel full, but in a way that’s still comfortable and easily manageable. So given my proclivities I actually enjoy the feeling on the way home.

Today, however, things went very differently. I had spent most of the day in my office working on various projects when Pete knocked and entered at around 2pm with a huge smile on his face.

“You know how I’ve been complaining about the coffee here?” he said.

“Of course,” I replied. Nearly every day Pete had mentioned that the coffee from the building café tasted burnt and he hated having to go to another coffee shop outside the building just to get a decent cup. The coffee seemed fine to me, although I didn’t drink it much and certainly was no connoisseur.

“Well I fixed the problem,” he announced, beaming. “Ashley?” he called to his assistant.

Ashley came in, holding a large cup of coffee with a coaster and placed both in front of me, on my desk.

This wasn’t just coffee, though. It was fancy. With frothed milk and everything.

“I got a machine!” Pete announced. “Isn’t that great?”

“Wow, thank you” I replied.

“So, what do you think?”

I took a sip and then another. It was exceptional, actually – nice flavor with no bitterness, the perfect amount of creamy and sweet but not too sweet.

“It’s excellent – we can make this here now?”

“Every day. No more of that café shit. Just had the machine installed today and they taught Ashley how to work the thing.”

“Wow, that’s amazing, Pete. Thank you. This is a real treat.”

After a bit more small talk, Pete left me with my coffee. I settled back into my work, sipping absent-mindedly as I went and before I knew it the cup was empty. Forty five minutes or so went by and my focus was broken by the pressure developing between my legs. The coffee was working its way through me, but it wasn’t urgent. I’d pee before leaving the office, I resolved. In the meantime, the mild urge felt nice so I didn’t do anything about it. Half an hour later, though, the pressure had increased to the point where it was getting uncomfortable, just enough to be a bit distracting. So I headed out of my office to visit the ladies’ room despite my general desire to avoid it.

Just as I was about to leave our suite of offices, however, Hannah, the firm’s attorney, arrived. She hung up her raincoat and shook her wet umbrella. Watching the water droplets land on the carpet wasn’t helping my situation.

“Oh hi, Hannah” I greeted her. I was surprised that she was there because I hadn’t thought we had any meetings scheduled. “Everything okay?”

“Oh, yes this is just routine.” Hannah replied, waving her hand. “Pete didn’t mention it?”

“Oh, right” Pete called from his office. He often left his door open. “I forgot – I moved the contract negotiation to 3:30pm today. On the bright side, that means you can work from home on Friday, Maya!”

It was true that I liked to work from home on Fridays. But if we were about to have a potentially lengthy contract negotiation, I wanted to get to the ladies’ room first if I could.

“Oh, okay” I replied. “I’ll be right there.”

As I turned to step out, Hannah turned to me and said. “Oh there’s something I need help with. Can you set up wifi and printer access for my laptop? I came straight from court and couldn’t print the proposed contract beforehand. And we’ll need a hard copy for the meeting. Don’t worry, I’m only billing the firm starting at 3:30pm.”

“Of course,” I replied. I glanced at the clock. It was already 3:20pm. We were cutting it close, but this wasn’t a request I could refuse. And by the time the documents were printed, the other parties for the meeting arrived, and I had to join them in the conference room or be the reason this important meeting was delayed. They couldn’t have any part of the meeting without me, since I was taking the meeting minutes. And that wouldn’t look good at all, so I resigned myself to waiting and took a seat in the conference room along with Hannah, Pete and the other parties.

Just before the meeting began, Pete called Ashley in to serve coffee from his new favorite toy. Internally, I groaned. I already needed to pee and adding another cup of coffee was the last thing I wanted to do. But I couldn’t refuse in front of Pete’s attorney and business associates, not when Pete was so excited about his new expensive coffee machine, so I faked enthusiasm and took a few swallows, commenting on how good it tasted.

I didn’t intend to drink more, but this kind of contract negotiation was as complicated as it was mind-numbingly boring, and thousands of dollars were at stake – sometimes tens of thousands - if I missed even the smallest detail. And the caffeine was keeping my mind sharp, something I needed this late in the afternoon, so I could note the finer points of any agreements reached. So I kept sipping, listening and periodically typing on my laptop as the meeting continued. Half an hour later, my coffee cup was empty and my bladder was most definitely not. In nearly any other situation, I would have been fidgeting in my seat, but I had to maintain my composure. This was an important meeting and I needed to remain professional. I leaned forward in my seat, feigning special interest in the aspect of the contract being discussed. But my real purpose was pressing my crotch into the seat of my chair to help discreetly counterbalance the increasingly urgent feeling of needing to pee.

A while later, Pete got up from his chair. Was he going to call a break? I sat up with interest.

“It’s a bit stuffy in here,” he announced. “Anyone mind if I open a window?”

Not waiting for a response, he opened it. But along with the fresh air came the thunderous sound of thousands of raindrops splattering against the ground. Over and over and over. Fuck. I squirmed my hips involuntarily and rubbed my thighs against each other rapidly under the conference table. All I could think about was how badly I needed to pee. The pressure was intensifying. But just as I was about to ask for a break, I remembered why I hadn’t asked just asked for a slight postponement in the first place: Hannah was expensive - very expensive. $800/hour expensive. And she billed in 15 minute increments. Meaning that if I took a five minute break to pee, that would cost the firm $200.

On the other hand, if Hannah was the one to request a break, the break would come at no extra charge. She’d had two cups of coffee plus two glasses of water from the pitcher on the table. Surely she’ll need to pee too soon, I told myself. So I gritted my teeth and resigned myself to waiting, trying to avoid any obvious squirming. But as the minutes ticked by, that second cup of coffee kept working through me, forcing more and more liquid into my already overfull bladder. I was near bursting and realized I was soon going to have to make the choice between the most expensive pee break ever and wetting my formal dress at my amazing new job.

But as it turned out, the liquid Hannah was drinking was catching up with her too and she paused the meeting just as I hoped she would. Everyone filtered out of the conference room and I saw some of the men head out of the office suite, likely needing relief too. I was headed in the same direction, but I couldn't walk as quickly as they could while maintaining my composure.

“Mind showing me where the bathroom is?” Hannah asked.

“Sure, my pleasure” I responded in what I hoped was a calm and professional voice.

My bladder was extremely swollen and urges to let go were hitting me in stronger and stronger waves. And yet I had to try and walk normally while wanting to grab myself and pee dance like crazy. As we walked towards the ladies’ room Hannah was making small talk but the white noise of urgency had filled my head. All I could think about was holding in this ocean of pee, how badly I needed to go, how my bladder was so full it felt like it was going to burst. My hands balled up into fists, and I clenched my jaw so hard I could have sworn I almost cracked a tooth.

Somehow I made it into a bathroom stall without spurting, but just barely. Now alone, my hands sprung to my crotch, and I pressed and twisted my legs back and forth desperately. I was still dry, but breathing hard. I was wearing a formal dress, thank goodness, so no pants to pull down.

But there was another complication I had forgotten. As I pulled up the hem of my dress I realized I was wearing shapewear, not panties. Just tight enough to press my figure into a more flattering shape for this particularly form fitting dress. And it was the kind that went from the bottoms of my thighs all the way up to the area right under my bra line, with no opening at the crotch to pee out of. I realized I was going to need to pull the top down over my hips to relieve my oh so bursting bladder. I started to panic.

Fuck oh god I need to pee I need to pee I need to ppppeeeeeee…..

The white noise in my head was getting louder as I scrambled to get the shapewear down over stomach and hips, so I could finally release my pent up pee. But the shapewear was squeezing my bladder as I pulled it down, and it protested by contracting, hard. Then even harder. The waves of urgency were almost constant and the intensity was so extreme it took every ounce of willpower I had to clench my muscles and keep from pissing right then and there.

Then, from the stall across the room, I heard what must have been Hannah sighing as she sat on the toilet, crotch blissfully bare, I imagined, and then a strong liquid gushing sound as she released her bladder. What had felt like ages was probably only 10 - 20 seconds, enough time to pull down pantyhose carefully without tearing them.

Hearing Hannah’s piss hit the toilet bowl was too much for my absolutely bursting bladder, squeezed torturously by shapewear, to bear. I felt a spurt of pee burst into the crotch of my shapewear, hot and wet against my pussy. Then another. And another. AND ANOTHER.

FUCK FUCK FUCK OH NO OH NO NOooooooo!!!!!!!!!

My hands sprung to my crotch again but it was too late. I was pissing and no amount of twisting or pressing could stop it now. Realizing it was no use now, I collapsed onto the toilet and pissed through the shapewear material. I could feel the hot wetness all around my crotch as I pissed uncontrollably for what seemed like forever until there was nothing left.

When I was done, I almost shook with relief and took a few minutes just to breathe and compose myself. Then I got up, removed the now sopping wet shapewear and shoved it into the trash receptacle. I took a moment to revel in my newfound relief. Then I dried my now soaked crotch, butt and thighs, pulled down my dress and exited the stall. My dress was dry, and I didn’t actually need panties, did I? And replacing the shapewear would only cost about $40. So all things considered, I had come out roughly $160 ahead. Not too bad. Not too bad at all.

*004*2019-06-12 02:37

Thanks for the feedback, everyone! And yes, I definitely miscalculated there to say the least.

*008*2019-06-14 00:09

{{2 hours ago, Holdit4me said:

That's an incredible experience! I'm curious about something, though. You enjoy the feeling of needing to go, and you said the building pressure was rather enjoyable for awhile. I assume at some point the desperation and worry became greater than your enjoyment; do you remember at what point that was? Like how long was it between when it stopped being enjoyable and when you were able to get to the bathroom?

}}

Hmmm....very interesting question. The point at which it became distracting was still physically pleasurable, but since I was at work and not having a 'hold' (not intentionally, anyway), I really did want to head out and pee when Hannah showed up and intercepted me. Not because I physically NEEDED to right then, but because I was at work. Before I actually had to make a real effort to avoid actually peeing, a lot of the discomfort was from being unable to react the way I normally would with a very full bladder. So in answer to your question, I'd have to pick the moment when I realized I'd finished that 2nd cup of coffee and that my bladder was feeling very full - enough to make me want to squirm.

If I can squirm as much as I want and all that, there's a measure of pleasure (although quite a bit of discomfort too) throughout the hold, although when I get to the point where I feel like I'm bursting (which has levels within it too, but even that first 'bursting' sensation) the discomfort starts to outpace the pleasure until it's nearly all discomfort until the release which is 100% pleasure. Although if I do the rapid desperation method now that I have some more holding experience, getting that full that fast results in real pain before I lose it because of the rapid bladder stretch and my sphincters having not had enough time to tire. And real pain like that is not fun. So I've actually stopped doing the full rapid desperation regimen (although I use knowledge of vasopressin function to a lesser extent and knowing how hydration/bladder filling works helps with holds in general) now that my bladder has been 'trained' to some degree.

