Wetting in traffic, bad traffic (female)

Author: Rileyy

*000*2017-12-23 02:36

So i went out to do some christmas shopping and forgot completely about afternoon traffic. I had a couple of coffees and wasnt concerned about using the bathroom since i was close to home so i left town to go gome a couple hours later already needing to pee.

At the start i knew it was only 20 minutes from home and i would be fine. Then the traffic hit and i knew my eta would keepgoing up. 20 minutes passed and i had barely moved. At this point the girl in the car next to me was kind of obviously needing to pee xD. But she ended up taking the highway east so i only saw her for a bit. Soon an hour went by and I really had too pee. I had my legs slammed together and was trying desperstly to hold it. I was halfway back and hoping that the traffic would clear and i could get home. Then i felt the first spurt. A little bit of liquid slowly came out and dampend my panties. I knew i was getting to the edge of my control at that point. Traffic started to get a little faster for a couple minutes and I got very hopeful just to be greated by more red tail lights. Great.

My heart sank and another spurt found its way out. I could feel the wetness slowly spreading. I was doing anything to hold it. I was so close. I felt a small dribble form and then a long spurt came out. The crotch of my jeans was a little bit damp and my panties were soaked. I was struggling so hard to keep it in. I was only a couple miles from home. Then the traffic started to speed up. I was heading home! I still really needed to pee however and every bump i hit a little spurt would come out. When i pulled into my driveway i got out of my car and as soon as a stood up a long spurt shot out of me. The crotch of my jeans were wet and i felt pee starting to go down the insides of my legs. I was so close. Every little step i made i went a little. I opened up the bathroom door and a flood erupted from between my legs. I yanked my jeans down and peed a massive amount into the toilet. The relief was amazing.

Tip: dont wear jeans with a belt if you may need to get them off quickly. It is quite difficult xD

Tip #2: traffic sucks.

I hope you enjoyed my story!

*004*2017-12-23 06:16

{{2 hours ago, Eqru said:

Wow nice story! How long were you in traffic?

}}

Thanks! Probably around 1 and a half hours. But i had had a lot to drink.

{{1 minute ago, Manowar said:

Nice story.

}}

Thanks!

*006*2017-12-23 17:13

{{5 hours ago, Eqru said:

Wow you have a pretty strong bladder!

}}

I wish xD no i have a tiny bladder xD

