Desperate At The Dentist

Author: BleachBod

*000*2021-05-27 06:55

Hey, first time posting, but I figured some of yall might get off to my desperation from a few days ago.

Now, in my past, I’ve been pretty averse to seeing doctors and dentists. Eventually, my teeth got kind of iffy and so I ended up getting into the habit of going to my local dental college every few weeks (since the work they do is cheaper, and honestly more thorough.) Now that I hit my early 30s, still feeling confident about my appearance, I decided I might as well get that work done to really feel like a complete package.

Unfortunately, this dental college is an hour drive from me. Normally, totally fine. Unfortunately, last Tuesday, I lost track of time and ended up leaving late to my appointment. The appointment was for the early morning, and I am far from a morning person, so I downed 2 glasses of tea some time before leaving, and just planned to pee when I got there. The thought of doing a hold wasnt even being considered, I just wanted my dental work done.

So I make my drive to the place, and get there just a bit late, despite the traffic. I definitely felt the liquids hit me as I was parking though, so I was looking forward to having a nice relaxing piss at the urinal.

I eventually get inside, find a urinal, pull my foreskin back, and let it flow. “Good, I won’t have to worry about this for a solid few hours,” I foolishly banter to myself.

My pompous ass zips up, and I make my way to the floor where I do the check-in. Not long after, my student dentist comes in, and I get seated in the chair.

“Unfortunately, the second assisting student took a day off today, so I’ll be working on you alone.”

Not a problem! I think to myself, incorrectly.

The examination of my teeth seemed simple enough. It was just 3 minor fillings. They just needed to drill a bit and make sure it wasn’t worse underneath.

Here comes the first major hiccup that slowed everything down. After getting the injection to numb all my bottom teeth, I immediately felt the drilling. I’ve always been resistant to being numbed, and today ended up being no exception. He decides to instead numb the teeth at the individual roots, rather than the single root that goes to each of the bottom tooth. He begins working on one of my teeth, and it goes perfectly fine. The tooth wasnt of much issue at all, so the work on it went quickly.

Much to my dismay, when he worked on my far back molar, it wasn’t numb at all. This hiccup had him surprised, but he stayed professional and injected the site to try numbing it further. But after drilling slightly, we both learned that it didn’t work. He stepped away to speak to a supervising dental teacher, and that’s when I realized...

”I kind of have to pee.”

While I may deeply enjoy the feeling of desperation, I’ve always had a weak, tiny bladder. I generally will pee if I laugh hard enough. I’ve had a couple genuine bed wetting accidents. I don’t have the capacity to hold it for long, and when I have to pee, the clock is ticking. But now I’m stuck in a dentists chair.

The supervising dentist comes over and has a look at my teeth as well as my jaw. She looks at my tooth and says “Oh dear, that’s a lot at decay around the filling. You’ve got to make sure you clear all the composite material out of there first.”

More work. I can feel myself sweating already from how much I needed to go. I didn’t realize how much my bladder weakened from holding my piss to get to the appointment, and the feeling of needing to pee wasn’t creeping up, but fully sprinting.

The dentist supervising got out a needle and almost mocking me, starting instructing the dental student in front of me. “When you do this injection in this nerve, you need to go very slowly and let it drip back through the area.”

I could feel my legs shaking with tension. Thankfully, I started to get mostly numb, so the student proceeded with clearing the filling.

While I could still feel the pain of the dentistry, I didn’t care as much as I cared about not pissing myself. Every second was agony, and it was getting close to the point where I couldn’t help but fantasize about the relief of peeing in a sink, or a cup, or literally anywhere at all.

“The site looks good, I’m going to see if I can get the go ahead to fill it, or if it needs a root canal.”

My mouth was still full of dental equipment and suction tubes, so I couldn’t blurt out “Please let me pee, before I have an accident in this chair.”

And I wouldn’t have said that, per se, but I was definitely thinking it.

The supervisor comes back over, and gives the go ahead for the filling as opposed to the root canal. Excellent news, I’m very happy, she then asks if I’m still numb and if I felt anything. I say I’m good. She turns to the student to get some equipment, and I manage to casually blurt “Mind if I just use the bathroom for a second?”

The race is on. I now need to get out of this chair without wetting myself, and hopefully get to the bathroom without someone in there. The hallway had a large shared bathroom. The clinic had a single toilet for all the present staff and patients. If there was someone in this bathroom, I’d be pushed to limits that I’m not 100% sure I could endure.

As I’m being escorted to this toilet, I try my best to play it cool, but I can feel all the tea of the morning swirling around like soup in a lasagna tray.

Seeing that door open and ready for my piss was one of the moments in my life I will cherish. All the stress up to this point can now be just a fun memory.

I lock the door, amble over to that toilet, and without even pulling my foreskin back, I just start spraying. My body felt like it was melting, the relief I experienced was so incredible.

After wiping off the wall, toilet seat, and floor, I zipped up, washed my hands, and finished up the appointment.

Overall, wasn’t expecting to nearly wet myself, it also wasn’t the only time that’s happened. Dont drink water before you see your dentist.

