Zumba Class

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2019-11-09 23:19

So this is a brand new experience. I wanted to share it with everyone. My boss pays for us to have gym memberships. At this particular gym, they have Zumba classes. If you've never taken a Zumba class, I'd recommend it. It's basically dancing, but it's a good work out and a lot of fun.

This past week, I'd be fighting bronchitis, along with other cold like symptoms. I got sent home from work in the middle of the week, mostly to keep it from spreading around. I returned to work on Friday, just in time to wrap up the week. I had gotten fairly dehydrated from being sick, and so Friday I was working really hard to replenish. The entire day I was chugging water and Gatorade. To the point my stomach felt so full, I literally couldn't drink anything more. As soon as the feeling of being full subsided, I continued drinking. During my full 8 hours at work, I didn't feel the need to pee at all. I got off of work at 3pm, and was going to go to Zumba class at 5:30pm. To pass the time, I looked around at some shopping places. I love looking/buying clothes and shoes.

Anyway, around 4:30ish was when the first hint of needing to pee came around. I wasn't bad at all. Maybe a 3 out of 10. I didn't want to go, personally I hate going to the bathroom in public places like that. They're so dirty. I held it and thought nothing else of it. 5:30 comes around and I'm at my Zumba class. I'm wearing black yoga/work out pants and a grey shirt from college. My need to pee jumped to about a 6, but Zumba class is only an hour long, so again I thought nothing more about going pee. It was a huge mistake. With all the jumping, twisting, squatting...and what ever else we do, it absolutely reeked havoc on my bladder. I helded out for the first 15 minutes or so, but after that was when the leaks began. Starting out small, and gradually growing with each movement. I started to realize that I might not make it through Zumba. I wanted to leave, but I'm a fairly shy person and felt bad for interrupting the instructor to pack up and leave.

I had no choice. About 30 minutes into the class, my pants were wet from my crotch to about 3-4 inches down my legs. The leaks and spurts became uncontrollable. I grabbed my bag and started heading for the bathrooms. As I'm running there, all the rest of my control slips from me. Even with my hand between my legs, pee is running down my legs. It seemed like the bathrooms were so far away. I'm still trying like crazy not to have a complete accident here. 

I finally made it to the bathrooms, pee is running down into my socks. In my frenzy the only thing I managed to do was get my workout pants off. I struggled for a moment trying to get my panties off too but, I couldn't stop peeing long enough, so I gave up. Panties still on, I sat down on the toilet anyway. I peed for at least a minute more. My panties were so soaked. I inspected the damage to my work out pants. They're black, which hides the wetness, but they were so wet. I pulled my pants back on and headed to my car. I laid my jacket on the seat of my car and went home.

It's been a hell of a week.

*007*2019-11-10 22:18

{{18 hours ago, wettingman said:

Enjoyable story of desperation, and slow wetting. I assume nobody noticed, although grabbing your crotch may have been a giveaway.

}}

They might have noticed. I have no idea, I was in my own little world.

{{1 hour ago, GoldenG8 said:

That is, indeed, an incredibly hot story. Did you enjoy it, looking back on it? Do you think you got away with the leaks in class without being noticed? Did you rewet your pants at all when you got home?

}}

Yeah, I like being desperate. It's a turn on for me. I'm usually too shy to do anything in public, but it always seems that my best stories happen in public.

{{17 minutes ago, sammilove said:

So we’re you dancing or anything of the sort trying to prevent it from happening? Or do you just try to shrug it off while holding?

}}

It started while I was dancing. I definitely tried holding it back without missing a beat so others wouldn't notice.

{{19 hours ago, Calvin1 said:

Hope you feel better. Glad you had on black, which didn't show much. Sitting in a cab hoping this doesn't happen to me.

}}

Thank you. Sorry for a late response. Definitely still trying to recover from being sick. Anything happen during your cab ride?

*009*2019-11-11 04:18

{{5 minutes ago, Calvin1 said:

Made it through the ride, barely ...started losing it in lobby. Made it to room, before completely peeing myself. Very close call.

Sorry you are still feeling bad, hope it passes quickly.

}}

Glad you were able to save yourself some embarrassment

I'm feeling a lot better than I was last week. Thank you.

*014*2019-11-13 23:37

{{1 hour ago, Holdit4me said:

Super hot experience! I love the thought of you slowly getting more desperate and still trying to make it through class. It doesn't sound like you were too upset that anyone from your class might have noticed, so that's something to be thankful for.

}}

I think everyone was busier doing their own thing anyway, lol.

*016*2019-11-17 17:25

{{23 hours ago, Wetsy said:

Awesome story..Black pants are the best for camouflaging pee accidents, even on purpose ones....

}}

Yeah you should read my latest story. You might like that too.

