Cat Got My Bladder

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2020-01-05 05:53

Tonight was a fairly normal night. I was on my couch watching Live PD. I had been drinking some wine and relaxing. The last few weeks have been crazy with the holidays. I did get a little buzz from my wine, but nothing crazy.

It was later in the evening. I was sitting on my couch, and I was feeling like I needed to pee. Maybe around a 7ish out I'd 10. About the time that I'm uncomfortable, and start having to cross my legs, and I can't focus on the TV anymore.

Almost as soon as I decided I was going to get up and go to the bathroom, my cat jumped up in my lap, and her two front legs landed right on my bladder. I started peeing right there. I stood up, my cat fell to the floor, and I ran to the bathroom.

My bathroom is up a flight of stairs. By the time I got to my there, my pants were soaked. So, I decided to jump in the shower and finish peeing in there. Afterward, I showered and put on my pajamas.

*004*2020-01-05 12:14

I didn't get any pics of the accident, lol my phone was left by the couch when all of this occurred. I have tons of pics of the "culprit." Lol.$$$$$$

$$$$$$

$$

*006*2020-01-05 22:15

{{2 hours ago, wetskipants said:

She looks so Innocent. Love cats.

}}

She's honestly the best.

*009*2020-01-06 05:29

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

You did find it enjoyable, right? (the cat looks so innocent)

}}

It happened so fast, I was fun though.

She's so cute, lol

*012*2020-01-06 15:17

{{9 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

That's good, I'd hate for her to cause something terrible, but if it was a fun wetting then it's all right.

}}

Yeah I was alone. Nothing crazy. It's not like she meant to. It's all good

{{48 minutes ago, GreenChile said:

Awwwww that kitty is so innocent lol

}}

She's adorable at least lol

