Doing some gardening

Author: Omolily

*000*2020-10-09 19:16

A few weekends ago, I needed to do some gardening. To set the scene, it was a normal day, I was well-hydrated but hadn’t needed to pee much (yet!). Obviously, doing the gardening, I was just in casual clothes. Blue bra and T-shirt. Loose dress with white panties underneath and an old pair of sneakers.

So, I was outside doing the gardening. And I started to get a bit of a twinge in my bladder. I was busy, so I thought nothing of it. As I moved around the garden, it slowly got worse until it was really quite uncomfortable. I enjoy gardening and I was having a relaxing morning, so I didn’t want to interrupt it. But my bladder was getting really distracting.

I considered my situation. I’m outside, in my fairly private garden. I need to pee (quite noticeably by this point). I’ve got a loose-fitting skirt on. It was like fate.

So, I arranged my skirt for minimal mess. Then I just relaxed. It still takes a bit of time for me to wet unless I’m in the shower or something, so I had to really relax. But then a felt a few drops wet my panties. Then a few more. Then it became spurts and my panties were soaked and it started going through onto the grass. Soon there was a waterfall between my legs. It didn’t last long, but it felt so good!

Once I was all done, I had a quick look to assess the damage. My panties were soaked, my sneakers had a few splashes on them but my skirt was mostly dry. I love the feeling of wet panties, so I just carried on gardening. And if I felt that little twinge, I just relaxed for a few minutes and warned my panties up a bit!

(PS: I’m not sure how much my girlfriend, who was in the house at the time and knows about my omo habits, saw, but she rolled her eyes at me when I got back in the house and suggested it might be time to do some laundry).

*003*2020-10-14 16:51

{{On 10/9/2020 at 8:36 PM, ews21 said:

Great story, outdoor wettings are always fun especially when no one sees. Does your gf know you like omo or did she roll her eyes because laundry?

}}

Oh, she knows... ;-)

{{On 10/9/2020 at 11:13 PM, Nils JD said:

Wow, this is really a nice story.

As a sneaker freak, I absolutely love to read that you don't mind getting a few splashes onto your sneakers.

I guess that's the way it should be, haha...

Weird question in the end, but did you wear your sneakers with or without any socks?

}}

With socks, otherwise they rub my feet

