Peed My Jeans Tonight

Author: SomeNewGuy

*000*2020-01-04 09:01

I had drunk a large coffee earlier, and by the time I got home, I really had to pee. But I just didn't feel like using the bathroom. Instead, I drank some water and started watching videos of women desperate to pee and pissing in their pants. Soon, I got to the point where I was doing the pee-pee dance and touching myself in an attempt to not wet my pants. Then I reached the point at which I knew I needed to pee "right now" or I'd probably have an accident very soon. But I did not go to the barhroom. I just kept watching female omo videos.

I was trying very hard to keep from wetting my pants, but I had to pee so bad that I just couldn't hold it in anymore, and some piss spurted out and made a wet spot on my jeans. I was able to stop fairly quickly, but fuck did I have to pee so bad.

At that point I got into the shower and started filming. Less than a minute after that, I accidentally spurted some more pee into my jeans, so I said "fuck it" and totally pissed my pants on purpose. It felt great!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2020-01-04 10:07

For some reason the site wouldn't upload my video, probably because I used an old camera. I guess I’ll just have to piss in my pants again....

*004*2020-01-04 10:20

Thanks, but I did realize that and tried uploading it to the downloads section. There must be some kind of incompatibility because I used an older camera.

*007*2020-01-05 03:36

I uploaded the video to the Downloads section....

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/6363-wet-my-jeans/?do=embed"

