Wife doing an intentional hold, but miscalculates the drive home, then ends up super horny

Author: cwpee

*000*2019-02-07 00:28

Its been a while since I last wrote a story, and we had a good experience a few weeks ago so it seemed like a good time to start contributing again!

The day began with a trip to a city about an hour away. After we had been gone for several hours, she mentioned needing to pee but there were no bathrooms around. I halfheartedly looked around, not seeing any either, and we proceeded along with the day. A while later we passed by a bathroom which she either ignored or didn't see, but I wasn't about to point it out! She has always been good at holding when she is busy, but ever since she started intentionally holding a couple years ago she gives off no outward signals unless she is REALLY desperate, so its hard for me to tell how bad off she is.

Finally, about 20 minutes later, she again mentioned that she really needed to pee. I got a bright idea and asked if she wanted to wait until we got home - I gave it a 50/50 chance she would say yes. She thought about it a while before she agreed. Success! As she always does when she mentions really needing to pee, she looked down at crotch and laughed as I tried to discreetly adjust my growing hard-on. "You know, that thing is going to get you in trouble one of these days!" I couldn't really argue with her, but thankfully my pants were fairly loose and it wasn't very noticeable.

We continued with the shopping trip, but soon I saw her moving her legs around whenever she stopped, then she started bending over. Shortly after she turned to me and said "OK, if you want me to make it home, we need to go!" I would never purposely put her in a position where she wet herself, so we checked out and quickly made it to the car. As soon as we sat down in the car, she crossed her legs and leaned forward a little before buckling up and settling back for the 45 minute drive home.

While I said I would never put her in a position where she wet herself, I still enjoy messing with her so I grabbed a water bottle and took a nice long drink from it while staring straight at her. After I was done, I handed her the water bottle. Normally she will laugh and push it away, but this time, much to my surprise, she grabbed it and took a long swig before telling me "I know I'm going to regret that later, but I am REALLY thirsty!" Needless to say, I had to make some more adjustments downstairs. Over the next 10 minutes, she took a few more small sips of water, immediately groaning each time.

Finally, when we were about 30 minutes from home, she moaned loudly and squeezed her legs tightly together. "OK, this is getting ridiculous!" I remembered that unbuttoning my jeans helps when I am doing a long hold, so I told her. "Fine, I'll try anything, but it won't help" she snapped as she hastily unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down slightly. "OK, you win. That is WAY better!" I was on a roll, so I decided to push my luck. "That means you can drink some more water, right?" She gave me a cheesy grin and proceeded to drink the rest of the water bottle! I would say she had drunk at least a half liter since we got into the car, and surely it was going to start hitting her soon.

She anticipated the effect this would have on me and reach over to unbutton my jeans and slid my now rock-hard dick out, squeezed it, then released it to slap my stomach. "I've got to say, this is getting me REALLY turned on. I can't wait to get back to the house so I can jump on that!" She would occasionally reach over and stroke it a few times. Eventually she leaned down and slid her mouth around it! It caught me surprise because she hasn't done that in quite a while, but she quickly sat back up. "OK, that was a bad idea. Squeezed my bladder and almost peed myself!" Then she reached over and tucked it back in my pants. She then grabbed a soda from supper earlier and drank the rest of it as well. "Hey, I'm really enjoying this so I want to really push myself!"

I forced my mind to other things for a while and successfully calmed myself down. At least for another 10 minutes or so - just as we exited the highway, she crossed her lights tightly again and I could feel some stirring down below. Soon she was openly holding herself and loudly said "OK, that was REALLY stupid! I can feel it all going straight to my bladder. I hope I can still make it..." It was everything I could do to concentrate on driving. She got more desperate by the minute before she finally slid her hand inside her pants. "Damn, it is WET down there! If I didn't know better I would say I had already leaked!" She kept her hand inside her panties and from what I could see out of the corner of my eye, it looked like she was doing more than just holding herself. And here comes the erection in full force.

Soon she pulled her hand out then slid it back but outside her pants and crossed her legs tightly around it. She was subtly bouncing in her seat now, and getting visibly distressed. It peaked as we turned into our neighborhood and she removed her hands. Just as she did that, she got the "near to the bathroom" syndrome and spurted inter her panties! She quickly jammed her hand back and beat on the door handle with the other. "Oh GOD, I have to pee SO BAD! Can't you go any faster!?" Just as she said this, I hit a bump as I passed a cross street. "Shit, I just leaked again!" and she jammed both hands into her crotch. I quickly came up to another bump so I started slowing down. "What are you doing? Don't slow down, I don't care if there is a bump". She gritted her teeth and grunted as I bounced over the bump.

One thing that really amazes me about her is how even when she is really, really, desperate, she can still get distracted and do something else briefly. Just after the bump she blurts out "Hey, lets check the mail! I'm supposed to get something today". She takes a deep breath and moans loudly as she buttons her pants back up then jumps out of the car. I can't help but stare as she is dancing around while pulling the mail out.

I am going to stop at this point to bring something up. Some of you are aware, but many probably aren't because I haven't advertised it much. We have a store on Clips4Sale where we sell omorashi-themed videos. It is primarily desperation and peeing related, with some wetting and bull-bladder sex. I would say that about half of the videos are planned in advance (she will purposely get desperate then see where it goes), and about half are where we are out somewhere, she gets desperate, and we decide to record it. I'm kicking myself because normally I would have recorded all of this, but we had taken a brake from videos recently. As such, I didn't even think about it until I saw her dancing around like this, but I quickly pulled my phone out and recorded the last minute back to our house. She was begging me to hurry up and banging her hands on the door again. Needless to say, I was super turned on. I was just hoping she was still in the mood after she peed.

She grabbed all of her stuff and the keys and jumped out as soon as the car stopped; I hurried after her to make sure I got a recording of her peeing. As she opened the door, she was greeted by our dog, who she told "Oh, look who needs to pee! I know how you feel, trust me!" She limped back towards the bedroom, and as she passed me she said "OK, are we doing this or what?"

Huh? So apparently she was so turned on she didn't care how desperate she was. Awesome! I threw the phone onto a tripod and followed her into the closet where she had already stripped off her pants. I grabbed our water-proof blanked and followed her back where she was waiting not-so-patiently next to the bed. She was begging me to hurry up then held her self as she was waiting, which quickly tuned into rubbing herself.

This part gets beyond the normal scope of this site so I'll paraphrase. I knew I wouldn't last long so I fingered her some, where I could feel just how swollen her bladder was (it was BIG). Once I actually entered her, I was right - I could tell I was already close. I lasted about a minute before I pulled out and fingered her some more to get her to an orgasm. As soon as I felt her getting close I re-entered her and we both climaxed hard! The second I pulled out grabbed herself and ran to the toilet. I was quick enough to grab the phone in time get there as she started peeing, and boy did she pee! In fact she was peeing so hard it was actually spraying out kinda sideways, which I don't remember ever seeing her do that before. The one unfortunate part is that the SD card in my phone filled up about 20 seconds after she started peeing, but it lasted for almost a full minute.

I will finish this post by saying that I do, indeed, have the recording I mentioned. I will ask her permission, since these are ultimately her videos, but I hope to post the video (minus the sex, obviously) to this site for everyone to enjoy.

*002*2019-02-07 22:44

I got the OK from her, so now I just need to edit the video. Hopefully I'll get it done in the next few days so I can post!

*005*2019-02-10 02:50

It's uploaded! Recording is far from perfect, but hopefully you still enjoy it. Let me know what you think.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/48780-desperate-to-pee-in-the-car-brief-sexy-times-then-a-strong-pee-in-the-toilet/?do=embed"

*008*2019-02-13 03:39

Thanks for the support, everyone! I've got more stories I posted last year (or the year before) if you search for posts started by me. I'm hoping to post some new ones as well, time permitting.

It really is great that she has gotten into this so much. When we first dated she mostly indulged me, but over the years she has gotten to where she genuinely enjoys it. I am lucky to have her in so many ways, this is just icing on top.

Also, I feel weird plugging my store, but if you enjoyed the video and want to see more, or just want to support us, the full video (including sex) is here: http://www.clips4sale.com/119284/21027003

.

