Longest piss of my life

Author: IHTPP

*000*2021-05-31 04:30

So I had an early flight today and Had to rush out to the airport, simple put I had to skip My morning piss and I had had a lot to drink the night before. Hoping I could skip to the restroom before I boarded. Took 50 minutes to get through security and stuff, the entire time my bladder begging me for relief and I had to wait. I quickly sat at my gate and looked around, closest bathroom was 10 minutes and they were starting to board.

I sat down and they gave me a complimentary water, in which I downed do to me waking up and not drinking anything, plus I had to take my meds. I’ll just go when the plane takes off. 40 minutes later we finally took off and I was locked into my seat by a guy who bought 2 seats to himself. I sat and tried to ignore my beyond full bladder. The flight was only 1 hour and 15 minutes, I’m a big boy I can hold it. Luckily my plane meds knock me out. The flight attendant taped me halfway through asking if I wanted another beverage, me too shy to deny I accepted a coke. Drinking that with a cookie I was so full, like beyond imaginable on how bad it felt. but I refused to move, knowing that will set me off. Please make it through 45 more minutes. This was one of those moments I would do damage instead of asking to get up to go. I kept quiet trying everything to keep my bladder from emptying itself. Finally we landed, the initial contact made me nearly bust.

I was begging to go run to the toilet, but I. Had to wait for everyone in front of me to get up and leave. I was nearly in tears by the pressure I felt. I stumbled off the plane barely keeping it from busting out, rushed straight to the men’s room line. Every 10 seconds that passed the pressure increased to the point I had to openly hold my junk to keep it in. I’ve never done that. I finally got into a stall and stumbled to get my belt done, my pee hole barely passing the band before it exploded out.I didn’t even feel remotely empty until hit the 2 minute mark( I used my watch). All in all I hit 3:20, which is far farther I’ve ever taken it. It was the most stressful piss I’ve ever taken.

