Almost too Late

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-09-12 03:58

I'll be the first to admit that not all of my wetting experiences are told to the tee. Sometimes I may exaggerate a bit for a nice emphasis, but this is 100% real.

When I was about 17, I was a senior in high school. We got out of school at 3:15 and I always went to the bathroom at lunch. This day was no different.

After leaving I went to town and got a birthday present for a family member, and then went to visit my grandma.

I laid on the couch conversing for probably an hour or so. At this point it was about 4:30. I didn't miss the slow ache that was being admitted from my swollen bladder, but I figured I could make it home and have some holding fun.

I left know I would need to pick up something from the store, but figured it would be at the dollar store.

The moment I stood to walk in the store, which didn't have a bathroom, I knew I had made a mistake. My bladder protested in pain, but my muscles were holding up well.

Upon searching around the store for what felt like ever, I asked the sale lady and it turns out they didn't have I was in search of.

So I returned to my vehicle, and immediately jammed my hand into my crotch trying to take some pressure off my bladder. I gritted my teeth.

Then I drove a few minutes away to Walmart, where I knew they would have what I wanted. I walked in and got it, then checked out and left.

But I did do a double take at the bathroom, which I decided against because public bathrooms freak me out.

My bladder was throbbing, and I knew I needed to get home and pee. And not bother with a holding now.

I tapped my feet against the floor at first and turned the music up.

But it quickly became impossible to ignore, my brain registering the source of the pain begged for relief.

I moaned a bit and my thighs slide tightly together. A cinder block had to be on top of my bladder, if bladders could explode mine would be.

I reached a stop sign when even that wasn't enough. I felt some pee slide out involuntarily and quickly crossed my left leg behind my right.

No, no not in my car. I pleaded with my body. The minuscule release hardly a drop felt so good on my weak bladder that it fought for more.

As I took the exit toward home less than a minute after the stop sign more flowed out as my bladder pulsed.

But again, it wasn't enough to even make a dent. In my clothes or my urge.

Come on, I though, just a few more minutes. Oh gosh, I needed to go. This could not for real be happening.

I sped up a little. Bouncing in my seat. I was less than five minutes away from home. My sphincter was tiring, but it still had the upper hand even though I was seconds away from giving into the pain.

I shoved one hand deeply in hope to keep more from squirting out.

Home, sweet, home was finally upon us. I hopped out of the car, forgetting about everything including gravity.

Without the pressure of my hand and with the weigh of my bladder pee wiggled rapidly.

I crossed my legs, crotched, and tried to regain control. I did.

I made it in the door of the house and ran off to the bathroom. I undid my jeans, which were beginning to dampen, as more came out. And finally I was able to breath a sigh of relief.

I knew that if I would have waited to much longer I would have definitely lost it, or at least had much for damage.

*003*2016-09-16 03:32

I probably wouldn't have went in the dollar store either. It was just appealing because there was none at all.

