Traffic around the holidays = amazing desperation!

Author: cwpee

*000*2017-01-20 22:56

As witnessed from the previous story, the increased traffic around holidays offers definite chances of being caught away from a toilet. I didn't want to get my hopes up that I'd get a repeat performance over Christmas, but we were traveling a lot farther that over Thanksgiving, so there was a very real chance.

The day after Christmas we had a day-trip planned to visit family about 120 miles away. It normally only takes 2 hours, but that is without traffic. I was hoping to mostly avoid it on the way up by leaving in the morning, but I knew we were screwed on the way back. We rounded the kids up and left around 10. We made a few stops on the way out of town, getting breakfast then stopping at a park since it was (surprisingly) nice outside. 

My wife, Jenna, must have forgotten to pee because as soon as we got there, around 10:30, she went straight to the toilets. We walked around the park for around 30 minutes before getting back on the road, with a stop at a travel-stop on the way out of town. We all grabbed sodas, plus Jenna got a coffee. We managed to not have too many hold-ups on the highway, and before an hour was up Jenna had drained her coffee and was halfway through her soda. She already had her legs clamped firmly together at this point as we passed by a small town with a few restaraunts.

I saw Jenna looking at them as we drove past before squeezing her legs together and asking why we didn’t stop to eat. I told her I was waiting until we got to a chick-fil-a about an hour later, and she nodded her head then squeezed her legs again. About 20 minutes later we passed by our usual half-way point stop, but surprisingly Jenna didn’t ask to stop. Lately she has been holding on even longer than normal because she wants to get the trip over with, so I assumed that’s what was happening. Still, I was quite surprised because she hadn’t peed in over 2 hours at this point and had drunk a coffee, a soda, and some water, and obviously needed to pee. A few minutes later she scooted back in her seat and shifted her position around, probably to relieve pressure on ber expanding bladder, but still didn’t say anything.

She didn’t have many outward signs for the next 45 minutes and was quietly staring ahead at the road, but that changed when I exited the highway. She shook her head as if waking up, then squeezed her legs tightly together before looking around to see where we were. I told her I was stopping at a Chick-fil-a and she immediately said “Finally! I could REALLY use a bathroom!” I knew it!

It took several more minutes before we finally saw the chick-fil-a, and it was on the other side of the highway. Jenna immediately slouched down as she realized she had to wait even longer, and said “But it’s a long way away!” She crossed her legs tightly while rapidly tapping her fingers on the armrest. Before we could cross over the highway we were stopped behind a long line of cars waiting to make their way across the bridge. Jenna sighed loudly in exasperation at yet another delay and started bouncing her leg rapidly.

Finally, another 2-3 minutes later, we made it across and entered the parking lot. Chick-fil-a always has crazy lines around lunch time, and this time it was so bad I couldn’t even get to a parking spot. They had a poor, frazzled, employee out directing traffic, but that wasn’t good enough for Jenna. About 5 seconds after we stopped, Jenna blurted out “Move, you fucking truck! I have to PEEEEE!!!!” She unbuckled her seatbelt and was about to jump out of the car where it was, but before she could open the door I was waved ahead and parked. As soon the car stopped, she jumped out then hurried to get the kids inside. She stayed with me while we were ordering, shifting her weight around the whole time, then darted to the bathroom as soon as I had the orders in. It had been 3 hours, along with some coffee and a soda, since her last pee, so I can only imagine how much she had held in. At this point, I was already satisfied with the desperation I had seen. Little did I know what was to come!

We continued on, arriving at our relative’s house around 2. It’s a fairly large house, and there were lots of people, so I had no way of keeping up with Jenna’s toilet breaks. After holding a long time she always needs to pee again fairly soon, plus she was drinking a lot of water because she had a headache, so I assumed she went at least once and probably more.

Around 4:30, I sat down next to her. She seemed to be in daze and was quiet. It seemed she still had a little headache, was very bored, very tired, and totally overwhelmed with all of the people. I hung around with her for the next 45 minutes, chatting with various people, before I checked my phone and realized there was some major traffic on the way home. I started rounding everyone up so we could say our goodbyes and Jenna drank another full glass of water before we finally made it to car.

She definitely hadn’t peed since I saw her an hour prior, and I’m not sure how long before that, so she at least had a somewhat full bladder already and there was a large glass of water making its way there on top of it. I was fully expecting her to ask to stop when we passed a clean gas station a few minutes later, but she didn’t. After we had been on the highway a few minutes and she had time to relax a little, though, I think she realized her need and started regretting not asking to stop. She got quiet and shifted around in her seat uncomfortably. Had she really forgotten to pee on the way out? I couldn’t tell for sure, but I figured I'd find out soon enough. There was another gas station she liked a few miles up the road.

As we got near, she didn't bring up a stop, so I assumed she had peed right before I saw her and just wasn't that full. Nothing more happened for another 45 minutes, until we neared our normal stopping place when I asked if she needed to stop. She silently shook her head”No”, but as we passed by it she turned her head around, looking at it through the window as it disappeared. I could almost read her mind - she seemed to already be rethinking skipping the stop - but she remained silent. About 5 minutes after we passed by, I heard her quietly mutter something under her breath. I couldn’t completely make it out, but I definitely heard something about missing the bathroom. She WAS regretting it! Unfortunately it was too dark to see her by now, so I had to rely on my ears for clues.

We were about to merge in with another highway, so for the rest of the trip there was a definite chance of traffic. I glanced at Google Maps and sure enough there was some major traffic for the last 20 miles before we got home, but still 45 minutes away. It would have added at least an hour to our trip, but there was a bypass that would only add about 30 minutes. As a bonus, for me at least, that route happens to follow the same route we take frequently that doesn’t have any bathrooms! It was still another 30-45 minutes before the turn - off, and given her state I doubted we’d make it that far before stopping but my dick got hard just thinking about the possibilities!

Even though we normally don’t stop between there and our house, there were certainly places Jenna would pee at if necessary. When would she ask, though? As we drove onward, she sat silently in her chair for another 20 minutes until I heard her groan softly. I caught a glimpse of her thanks to a street light and she was holding her stomach and bent forward. Was she desperate to pee, and if so why wasn't she saying anything? I was starting to wonder if her stomach was bothering her and her bladder was just an annoyance on top of it. I'm sure she needed to pee, because it had been over an hour since we left, but surely she would have said something if her bladder was causing her that much pain.

About 10 minutes later, she groaned again, then after another few minutes she loudly yelped in pain. Concerned, I asked if she was OK - she paused for a second, then sighed deeply as she gave in. “I REALLY need to pee, ok? Are you happy?” She snapped. Before I could say anything, though, she shot back “And you better not be getting hard! Just keep driving so we can get home already!”

Normally when she is so full it is causing her pain, she doesn’t have much time left before she is frantic to find somewhere to pee, and climbing the walls if she has to wait more than 5-10 minutes. It had already been longer than that since she first groaned in pain, and that was while sitting there with nothing to jolt her bladder. She must have already been more full than nearly any other time I had seen her, yet she refused to ask to stop. I was both in awe and confused.

By now, we were approaching our exit, so I was sure she would ask to stop. Immediately after exiting, we stopped at a light right next to a gas station. It was dirty and run-down looking, but it certainly had a bathroom. Still nothing! She was obviously bursting, and I was amazed that she didn’t say anything. Was she just really wanting to wait until home? Did she not want to stop there because it was dirty? As we sat there, 100 feet from a gas station, she had her head down and was holding it with one hand, while the other was wildly tapping at the door. She would have said something if she wanted to stop, so I left her alone.

As we passed the station it was close to 2 hours since we left. It had been about almost 30 minutes since she first groaned in pain from the pressure in her bladder, yet she still refused to stop! I was still amazed she would skip a stop if she was that desperate. When we hit a small bump a few minutes later, though, she yelped in pain again. I put my hand on her leg and was going to ask if she was OK, but she sharply pushed it away and barked “Not now! I have to pee so bad my eyes are floating! I just want to hurry and get home.”

Well, that answered my question. She was super-desperate, yet she was still holding out for home. I tried to tell her that we were almost an hour away from home, but she cut me off before I could finish so we went on in silence except for her occasional groans of pain as her bladder continued to be tortured as more liquids kept trickling in.

A little while later she saw some lights ahead. She perked up then bent forward and groaned “Oh, this hurts so bad…. I REALLY hope that’s somewhere I can pee!” I guess she had made up her mind that she wasn’t making it home so she was holding it for a place to stop. I could make out that she was bouncing in her seat from the anticipation of possibility of finally find a bathroom, but as we got closer she stopped, groaned again, and said “It’s a fucking strip club.... Keep going….”

She periodically groaned in pain as we continued onward and once even made a sharp “Ouch!” sound while she held her bladder. We were coming up on a railroad track, so the devil in me was hoping there was a long, slow, train to delay us further. I could tell she was in pain, though, and I wanted to get her back quickly so thankfully the tracks were clear. When they saw the lights of the town one of the kids blurted out “Are we almost home?” Before I could say anything, Jenna told them “Yes, I recognize that house! And thank god, because I have to pee SO BAD!” I was about to tell her we weren’t there yet when we turned a corner and saw a very long string of tail lights. Despite there not being a train, there was still a huge, slow-moving, line of cars trying to get through the intersection. Jenna started to panic at the thought of having to wait even longer.

It probably would have taken at least 10-15 minutes to get to the intersection, but I was pretty sure there was a way to bypass the line. While I was looking for an alternate route, Jenna was in full-on despair mode. “Great, I’m probably going to explode before we get through this line!” I heard her moan, then she thought out loud “I wonder if I could go up to one of those houses and ask to pee?” I was quietly laughing, but she continued “Those people look nice - I but they would let me!” I remained silent, concentrating on finding an alternate route, when she continued with “no, what if they tried to do something to me. I can wait….”

Since there were lights now I was better able to see her, and she looked bad. I had found a dirt road that went to a different street, her face grimacing as we passed over the bumpy surface.

Once we got to a paved road, she breathed a sigh of relief and told me “Oh thank you! I was going to die if I had to wait that long! Please tell me we're close!” I crushed her hopes, though, even I told her we were almost 30 minutes away. “They just have to have a bathroom, though. They have to....” She stopped mid-sentence, though, as she realized where we were. This was the small town we pass through on the way back from dropping off the kids. The town with no bathrooms, on a road she won’t stop on, that is almost 30 minutes from home. She didn’t say anything, but I could tell she was beside herself at the realization of his case from relief we were.

She was still in shock at the idea of having to wait even longer when I went over the tracks. I slowed down, but there was no way to make it smooth. Also, unlike the crossing we normally take, there were 2 sets of tracks. We cross over the first one and she yells and grabs her tortured bladder and before she has a chance to catch her breath we hit the second one. She yelped again, bent sharply forward, then started laughing. “I think I just peed myself!” As she continued laughing. “Oooh, it hurts to laugh though!”

Back on the highway, she started occasionally yelping or saying things like “Oh it hurts” or “have to pee so bad” with it increasing in frequency as we continued. Finally, she bent forward and hissed at me “If I get a bladder infection, I swear I will pay you back….” This caught me off guard. I asked her how it was my fault if she never asked to stop. She paused another 15 seconds before telling me that normally when she says she needs to pee I stop without her asking. I countered that I assumed she was making a comment but she was planning on holding on until home like she had many times before.

She didn’t say anything, so I held her hand and told her I was sorry and that I didn’t know she was that bad off. Her hand was clenched in a fist and slightly shaking as she told me “I’m only in total agony! I have to pee so bad my back is absolutely killing me and my bladder is ready to explode!”

She then told me something that blew my mind: she hadn't peed since we stopped 6 hours earlier! When she told me this, it took me a second to process. Had she really held on for 6 hours? She normally didn't even last that long when she was sleeping! I thought back and it was true that I never saw her pee, and it would definitely explain why she was in so much pain. On top of the soda she got and the leftover pee from her previous hold, she had 3 large glasses of water at their house plus some more as we left.

Curious, I asked her why she never went. She grunted again and bent forward before explaining that she was really tired and really bored, plus having anxiety. Simply put, she just never registered having to pee until we got on the highway when it hit her hard.

By now we are approaching the long almost-loop to get onto the next highway, a hard right turn that lasts 10+ seconds. As soon as we started turning, she jerked her hand away from mine and held her distended abdomen as she made a soft “eeeeeeeeee” sound the entire time. I straightened out and she breathed rapidly as she composed herself.

Breathing hard, she told me “Oh my god, I am seriously dying…. I can't take it any more, I will go anywhere if it means I can finally pee! ” She looked out the window at the large cemetery we were passing before telling me “I’d even go in there! Wait, there’s a gas station that’s closer than home!”

I waited a few seconds, then asked her “Do you want me to stop…”

“YES!” she interjected before I finished with “in the cemetery?” Her excitement went away as she told me that would be too weird. About 30 seconds later, just as we passed the turn-off, I heard her quietly mutter “I should have said yes”. I asked her what she had said (even though I know exactly what it was) but she just shook her head. Not willing to let her suffer any more, I said “You said you should have said yes, right?” She paused, sighed, then admitted “Yes, I can’t believe I said no. I’m dying it hurts so much….”

I reassured her that I already knew and was going to stop on a side road soon. I could tell she wanted to object, but she caught herself before telling me “Thank you…. You have no idea how badly I need to pee!”

30 seconds later, though, she again said “No, I don't want to pee it here. I can make it until we get home….” Ignoring her, I turned down the road and slowed down a couple hundred feet later. She briefly protested, but her bladder was obviously spasming at the proximity to somewhere it could possibly relieve itself, so instead she simply asked “are you sure no one can see? I told her it was clear, but then she pointed to a mailbox and said “No! There’s a house somewhere! I can’t pee here….” and trailed off, her bladder actively fighting with her brain. I went on for another 15 seconds before I heard her pained breathing and slowed down to pull off. She protested again, but I told her “There’s a fence, they can’t see you, just get out and fucking pee already!”

That was all she needed. As soon as I stopped, she threw the door open, jumped out, and started frantically fumbling with her belt. It took her about 5-10 seconds to get it undone, doing a frantic pre-dance the whole time, before she was able to yank her pants down and dive into a squat.

I expected a waterfall to erupt, but strangely the only sound was her moaning. She must have been holding so hard that it was hard to release her muscles, and it took her another 10 seconds (which I'm sure was an eternity to her) before they finally released. It was certainly the gusher I had expected! The car was still running and the radio still on so there was a lot of extra noise, but I could clearly hear her stream.

After 20 seconds it died down some and she started humming the “Jeopardy” theme song before laughing. At 0:45, she asked me to get some napkins for her to wipe with so I handed them to her. Thinking she was done, I quipped “that was a hell of a pee! ” However, as she was grabbing them from my hand she laughed and told me she was still going! I turned fish the radio and she enough her steam had died down to where it wasn't gushing, but it was still definitely there. I had the foresight to start the stopwatch on my phone, and it was 1 minute and 20 seconds before she stopped! The sheer volume of pee she held was mind-blowing to me, especially since I had seen her in pain yet not holding close to as much as she had this time.

She stood up and let out a long sigh of relief as she was re-buttoning her pants. As she sat down, she looked to the back seat and said “I'm sorry kids! I just REALLY had to pee and couldn't take it any longer!” having seen her or on the side of the road several times before, they were totally unfazed.

One we got home she went straight to the toilet for another suitable pee. Now that we are alone, I couldn’t help myself and had to know more. I was right about when we passed the first stop (1 hour into the trip home): she was already very desperate by then but she thought she would be able to hold on until we got home. If there wasn’t traffic she would have managed it, but the bypass threw her off.

