At it again

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2019-11-25 23:43

So a few weeks ago, I wet my pants on purpose at the mall waiting for my shift to start. I work two jobs. My main job is in clinical research, and I work the second job just to pass time so I'm not sitting in traffic for 2 hours. I had about an hour down time, and had decided to have a little fun with it. It was so much fun, and completely out of my comfort zone. I think that's what made it all that more exhilarating.

Today was basically the same scenario, except it was not on purpose at all. At my research job, my boss has been on my ass about everything lately, so I've been working really hard to make sure I'm getting everything done, and done correctly. My hour downtime is the first real break I'd gotten today. I sat down in one of the chairs at the mall, and after a few minutes, I realize I really really have to pee. Like if I stand up, my bladder would give in. I went from sitting calmly, to fidgeting and squirming in my chair in a matter of like 10 minutes. I can't believe that I'd went all day without peeing. It had all caught up to me.

With the holidays getting closer, the mall is fairly busy. I'm slightly panicking. I try to casually stand up, but almost as soon as I do, I start leaking into my pants. I still have my dress pants on. They're a navy blue, so wetness will show pretty easily. Still panicking, I'm trying to come up with a solution. My time is coming close to ending, and I have to head into my second job. I again try standing up, and crossing my legs to try and get control right away. It was hopeless. Even with my legs crossed, I start dribbling in my pants again. My thong is completely soaked by now, and the darkness is spreading on my pants. I try glancing around for a bathroom, but this mall is so huge, I can't see one. Realizing I have no other option, I start speed walking to my job.

The dribble is now more of a steady stream. My abdominal muscles already hurt, and are getting tired. I'm almost running, and I can feel my legs getting wet. I look down and there are solid dark lines running down my legs. I make it to the restaurant, and run into the bathroom. I don't even bother pulling my pants down because they're already soaked. I sat on the toilet and finished peeing. It felt amazing. My pants were so soaked. I hope nobody noticed, but I'm sure they did. I grabbed a trash bag and threw my wet clothes in them and put it in my bag. Again, I didn't have another pair of panties, so I had to go commando again.

*004*2019-11-26 04:13

{{3 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

That escalated so fast I’m assuming you had a pair of work clothes to change into?

}}

Yeah, my work clothes for the second job is different than the clothes for my research job.

{{3 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Love the part where you didn't bother pulling your pants down.

}}

Well, why not have a little fun with it right?

*009*2019-11-26 13:07

{{8 hours ago, Calvin1 said:

You are definitely getting braver. And this time running in with wet pants finishing and still going to work..

}}

Yeah I mean I was there, I couldn't call off lol. I did my best to clean up, lol.

{{5 hours ago, mastert said:

Another great story... Have you ever considered leaving your wet thong on under you clothes at your second job?

}}

I feel like that would start to get uncomfortable after a little while, lol

{{4 hours ago, GoldenG8 said:

Ooh, this raises an interesting question. When you did this on purpose the last time, had you planned in advance to wear your black leggings for wetting reasons? Or did you put them on that morning with no special thought to it, and then realize in the moment that you were wearing something that could conceal a wetting? In this case, would the scenario have played out differently if you were wearing black? Is this going to factor into your wardrobe choices going forward?

}}

I'd done it in purpose last time. I didn't plan it, I just happen to be wearing the perfect pair of leggings. I love them to begin with because they are so thick and comfy anyway, but they also absorb and hide wetness really well. I wear then pretty frequently anyway.

*012*2019-11-26 23:26

{{10 hours ago, nc_dude said:

There is something very comforting about absorbant clothes. Especially the feel against your skin. Cotton can be amazing.

}}

Yeah the first was a lot of fun, the second "incident" wasn't as fun, because I couldn't hide it, but I agree with you.

{{4 minutes ago, wettingman said:

You are getting to be a pro at public wetting. As long as you don't get humiliated that is great.

This story like usual got to me.

}}

I didn't pay attention whether anyone noticed, so I wasn't that embarrassed.

I'm glad you liked it

