Today's Naughty Antics!

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2016-03-19 22:48

Well, As I told a few people I decided that today was going to be a proper naughty wetting day. So here is how it went :D

Last night I drank quite a lot. Well loads in fact. I woke up during the night at like 04:30 which is very unlike me. I went to the toilet and emptied my bladder. The relief was really nice as I had woken up previously and forced my self to go back to sleep! Anyways while I was awake I decided to get my self a huge drink. I drank probably almost a litre over about 15 minutes of being awake and then settled my self straight back to sleep.

I woke up at 9:30 already needing to pee fairly badly. Not full but just needed it quite a bit. I had a nice shower whilst holding my pee which was quite difficult. I made my self a cup of tea and decided to wash the car. As the tea was steeping I got my self dressed. I grabbed a pair of black leggings, a nice t-shirt and put on my converse. I was wearing pink normal style panties nothing special.

I started to wash the car at around 10am and it was going well. I was very desperate to pee by about 10:15 I think it was. I just totally ignored the need and carried on washing away with my poor aching bladder muscles. It was hard to bend over and do the low parts as it put so much pressure on my bladder! By about 10:30 I knew there was no stopping it. I just stood up behind the car and let it all come flooding out. The relief was heavenly. My leggings were soaked and steaming as it was quite cold out. I had soaked my converse as well which felt really nice as it warmed my little feet up :)

I carried on washing the car in my wet clothes for the next 15 or so minutes and then headed in. When I got in I decided to change straight away so I could just do my day to day things around the house without leaving wet little footprints and bum prints around.

I had already laid out my next set of clothing and a towel by the front door so it would be easy to change without going back into the house. I put the towel on the floor and pulled my convserse off. I pulled off my leggings but left my litle pink panties on. I put my jodhpurs on and then slid my wet little feet into my riding boots as well. It always feels so nice to just totally ignore the fact I should probably be having a shower!!

Once I was changed I did some cleaning and chilled around the house with my towel just waiting until I needed to pee again. It took until around 12:45 before I was happy with how full I was. I had drank loads while I was inside and decided now would be the time to head out to the horses.

It usually takes me around 35/40 minutes to walk down to the horses. I headed out just after 12:45. After about 20 minutes of walking I was totally bursting. I had needed to pee when I left but the amount I had drank was working through really fast! I leaked a few times and then decided I would have a tactical squat. I snook behind the hedge row and squatted down. I peed for 5 seconds and then clamped off the flow and pulled my jodhpurs and damp panties back up! It was agony trying to stop the flow. My poor little bladder muscles really ached!

I continued onto the stables over the next 10 minutes.

I got to the horses at about 13:20ish. My bladder was bulging quite visibly and the damp panties between my legs teased me as I walked around the stables. I wasn't going to be able to do any of my tasks while I was this desperate! I planned to stay at least an hour and a half doing all my chores and brushing the horses a bit.

I stood just inside one of the empty stables. I looked around to make sure I couldn't see anyone walking near by and then just let it go! It was the second wetting in the same pair of pink panties! Once again the relief was amazing. A wave of pleasure overcame my as I let my poor muscles have a break from struggling to hold back my 1.2l of pee :P It felt soooo nice as it poured down my jodhpurs and totally drenched my riding boots! It took a good 50 seconds to empty my totally full bladder.

Once I had finished peeing I slid one of my boots off and balanaced on one foot whilst I tipped most of the pee out of them. I then slid it back onto my cute bare foot and did the same with my other boot.

I then got on with my tasks. I cleaned out the stables and brushed the horses. I eneded up staying there for around 2 hours and 10 minutes all while wearing soaking wet jodhpurs and boots :D It was so awsome.

I headed back to my house and got home around 16:00. I had drank so much and over the 2 hours 40 minutes I was at the stables I really filled up quite a lot. The walk home was quite exciting trying not to wet my self whilst walking down all the little country paths.

When I got home I went straight round the back garden and just stood in my damp pink panties, wet jodhpurs, and soaked boots and just relieved my self again! It was soo nice to just soak the same panties for a 3rd time! And to soak my jodhpurs and boots for the second time.

Once I had finished the 3rd wetting I went into my house from the back entrance. At this entrance I have all my laundry that is on a drying rack and all my shoes. Luckily I had done some washing recently and there was a fresh pair of leggings on the one drying rack. The towels were also kept in a cupboard there as well so I grabbed a towel as well. I grabbed my fluffy slippers off the shoe rack and took my riding boots and jodhpurs off. I then slid into the fresh leggings whilst still wearing my pee soaked little pink panties and then I slid my wet little bare feet into my fluffy slippers. They are like putting your feet into a soft fluffy marshmallow.

I stayed in these clothes for about 3 hours until it got to around 19:15 and I was on the verge of wetting again. I was sat in the living room watching tv and I decided to be naughty. I grabbed the towel I had used after washing the car. Put it on the laminate floor in front of the chair and then slid my slippers off. I squat down and peed throuh my panties and leggings all over my dainty little feet. Once I had finished I sat back on my other towel and slid my soaked little feet back into my slippers :D I felt so damn naughty!!!

4 wettings in the same pair of panties and all of them a proper soaking!!

After the 4th wetting I decided to start relaxing for the evening. I drank a few glasses of wine and just sat with my feet up in my slippers just watching all my favorite tv shows. Another 2 hours passed like this and it was at around 21:30 I decided to have my 5th and final wetting. I went up stairs and stood in the shower. I soaked my panties, leggings and slippers whilst stood in the shower. I then got undressed and threw my soaked clothes into the bath. I then had a lovely hot shower, pampered my little footsies and got my self all cleaned up ready to snuggle up in bed and write this up for you lot!!

I have had such an amazing day, enjoyed every last bit of it and I hope you can all enjoy reading this and getting ideas for naughty wettings as well!

Seeds x

