Thanks God I wear absorbent pants!

Author: Omoboy31

*000*2021-02-25 17:16

This is a somewhat recent story. I have been a blood donor since I started university, I started donating after one of my first exams because a friend of mine convinced me and starting from then I understood how important it is. However, my blood pressure is quite low and I do not drink very much, so I’m not the perfect donor, like, at all. About a month ago, I decided it was time to fulfill this civic duty, I went to the hospital and signed all the paperwork. I was told to wait and, knowing about my low pressure and dehydration, I decided to buy a bottle of water at the vending machine, in order to avoid dizziness and stuff like that during the donation.

I also had a cup of coffee offered by a very kind nurse who was preparing it for herself; I live in a medium-sized countryside town - where I study - and everyone is SO kind. My name was called by the doctor responsible for the procedure and the donation started. A blood donation takes about 10 minutes, but by the end of it I had to pee really bad, so I was relieved when it ended. However, I got up too suddenly and I felt dizzy due to the blood loss, and I was forced to lay down, drink tons of water in order to hydrate my dehydrated self and to start a IV to help the blood circulation. But I HAD to pee.

After a few minutes laying down I asked if I could get up and I was told to wait a little bit. Well, I had my absorbent underwear, fortunately, because I started leaking quite badly. As I felt the warm wetness in my undergarments, I panicked, because I did not want to have an accident, so I told the doctor that I was feeling good and I was ready to go. He rapidly checked me, while I was trying not to leak again with scarce success, and I asked him where was the toilet. I ran to the toilet and finally was able to pee. After relieving myself I checked myself and no visible damage on my pants, just a little wet spot that could have been really anything. But if you think that’s the end, you are mistaken! I was feeling actually good, so I greeted the nurses and the doctor and left the hospital in my car. Halfway, I needed to pee again, it seemed like I was not able to relieve myself completely.

I tried to do my best, but driving and holding is a big no-no. In a few minutes my bladder felt sorely full and about to relieve itself. I was distracted by that and did not see the red light on time, so I had to slam on the brakes. I managed to stop acceptably, but when I focused my attention on my pants I was peeing full force. I tried to stop the flow but, as for me, when it starts it starts. My absorbent underwear were flooded and, as they are meant to hold leaks and not full accidents, they were overwhelmed with liquids and leaked pretty badly.

The sensation was beautiful, an actual accident! Warm pee all over myself, flowing copiously and out of control. I peed for a solid minute, watching pee gushing out of my “swollen” crotch (I don’t know if it is worth to mention, but I’m quite well hung, not a beast but definitely really good) and then regained control, just in time for the green light. I drove home and sneaked in the bathroom (even though my bf was not at home) to change my clothes and then I washed my car (I use plastic seat protection for hygiene, luckily) happily.

*003*2021-02-26 05:00

{{33 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

That’s so hot!! I guess you have quite a weak bladder??

}}

Fortunately I did not have a very public accident, so it was hot indeed! And, yes, I have always had a weak bladder because of my bad kidneys!

*006*2021-02-26 11:08

{{5 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Oops- sorry about the bad kidneys

}}

No problem, I’m used to it!

