Squirming in the back seat (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2020-02-26 12:27

While I was working in my first job as a graduate trainee, I was invited to represent the company at a university careers event in a different part of the country with some colleagues from HR. I remember waking up that morning feeling quite thirsty so ended up drinking two cups of tea as well as a few glasses of water. The journey there involved me getting a lift with a colleague I'll call Michelle who lived nearby, we'd then drive to the house of another colleague (I'll call her Sarah) and she would drive us all to the venue. I left my house and walked about 15 minutes to Michelle's house and after I'd said hello to her and sat in her car I was already needing to pee quite badly after all the tea and water I'd drank. I was too shy to ask her if I could use her toilet so just had to hold on.

The drive to Sarah's house took over an hour and I'd been taking regular sips from my 1 litre water bottle during the journey, so by the time we arrived I was absolutely bursting. Sarah was head of all the graduate programmes in the UK and despite my embarrassment at having to admit to someone very senior in HR that I needed to pee, when she asked us if we wanted to use her toilet before we left for the long drive to the venue I overcame my shyness and took the opportunity to go upstairs to her bathroom and enjoy a very long and relieving piss.

We set off in Sarah's car, but after only half an hour or so I was already starting to need to pee again. I was still quite thirsty so had been taking regular sips from my 1 litre water bottle, and I must have been so hydrated from all the fluids I'd been drinking that morning that my bladder was already quickly filling up again despite only having just been emptied. My need to piss was rapidly increasing and after another hour in the car we had reached the outskirts of the city where the event was being held, but by now I was absolutely desperate to go. I was glad to be sat in the back as I could squirm around and bounce my legs without Sarah or Michelle noticing. 

30 minutes later we hit traffic getting into the city and as we crawled along I was having to hold myself through my grey suit trousers to try and hold on, leaning forwards in my seat. I was genuinely worried that I'd piss myself and make a huge puddle in the back of Sarah's car if we didn't get there soon. I was dying to ask for a toilet break but because I'd used the toilet at Sarah's house I was too shy to ask if we could stop somewhere so I could go again.

It was probably another 30 minutes before we eventually found somewhere to park near the venue and by now I was on the brink of pissing myself. I had already leaked into my boxers a couple of times and was having to hold myself almost constantly, convinced that I was going to soak my trousers in the back of the car. As we parked up Sarah had mentioned that she was regretting drinking a can of coke during the drive because she was now desperate for a wee and Michelle said that she was as well. I knew of a nearby cafe we could go to but first we had to check that our stand for the careers event was ready and I was really struggling to hide how badly I needed to piss. It took a few minutes to do that and by the time we finally got to the cafe, ordered coffees, found a table and took off our coats and bags I was dying to run off to the toilet and relieve my bladder. 

Sarah and Michelle were both clearly bursting for a wee and asked me to watch the bags while they went and found the toilets and I was too shy to admit that I needed to go too. I ended up having to sit there, squirming and holding myself until they came back and I finally excused myself as calmly as I could, trying not to let on to them how desperate I was. The toilets were down a long corridor and up a flight of stairs so by the time I'd made it there I was holding myself while leaking steadily into my boxers and there was a small but obvious wet spot on the crotch of my suit trousers. I unzipped myself and rushed to a urinal before releasing a really, really long and desperate pee, sighing with relief as it poured out of me for ages. Afterwards I washed my hands and dried the wet spot on my trousers as best I could under the hand dryer, happy that I'd made it without totally soaking my trousers.

*003*2020-03-03 19:00

{{On 2/26/2020 at 11:37 PM, wetaccident said:

Wow, thanks for sharing! I can imagine that last wait for them to return must have been tough!

}}

It was, I leaked a couple of times and genuinely thought I was going to wet myself right there at the table. Luckily the table was hidden away in the corner as I was having to hold myself almost constantly. I'm sure they must have noticed how badly I needed to pee as I had to rush off to the toilet the second they came back!

