Last night's bedwetting

Author: Dunney

*000*2017-04-22 05:25

Last night's bedwetting was not quite as expected. I hadn't wet much during the day- 2 or 3 times, no more, and there was no pressure on my bladder as bedtime approached.

It was a different story when I stood up to go to bed. My bladder woke up, realised there was some pee in it and started dribbling it down my leg. I had to move quickly. I stripped fast, drank a hasty glass of water and dived into bed with piss running down my legs in a good trickle. Then I let go.

I thought that would be it, but I woke about 5 am and peed again, then went back to sleep. It happened again later, and again about 8-ish. I enjoyed lying in it for a while, dozing fitfully, then thought it must be about 9 o'clock and I should get up. I looked at the clock. Darn near 11 am! I skipped the customary splashabout and hastily got out of bed and got the clean-up started. It doesn't take long- I've got it down to a fairly fine art. I was soaked again, from head to foot.

I'll wet again tonight, and if I wake up late, too bad. I've got several nights coming up when I'll have to be dry, so I'm enjoying the ones when I can be wet.

*002*2017-04-23 02:09

I think you're right, LunasAuditor, about the water. Waking up later doesn't altogether make up for interrupted sleep though. I wet again last night, but got up earlier, before 9. I have to be dry tonight, but I feel I need to be anyway.

Clean-up routine: push the top bedding, apart from the sheet, over the foot of the bed on to the floor. Get out of bed and stand on a bathmat until the initial dripping is over. Then into the shower, otherwise I'll get chilled as the pee dries. Once the shower's done, gather up the sheets one at a time, mop the bed with each one and put them in the washing machine. Follow up with a towel, and put that in the wash as well. Set the machine for a quick wash, full rinse cycle, then have breakfast.

After breakfast, I put the washing into the drier and carry on with my day's activities. I re-make the bed when the drier's done, and I'm ready for another wet night. I could remake the bed earlier if I used fresh sheets, but I don't bother.

Time from get-up to breakfast, about 20 minutes including the shower.

*004*2017-04-24 03:17

A drier is essential if you don't want your neighbours to know what you get up to. My drier is definitely a key player here.

