Soaked my jeans looking for a spot to pee

Author: Dutchdreamer

*000*2021-01-08 19:21

Every now and then I like to have an 'accident'. This time I planned to drive to a park some distance from my home after dark to have a walk. I used a random choice app to determine the scenario. (I make a list of options and role the dice) Whatever the dice say, I have to do. No re-rolling.

First, I asked if I was

A Going into town

B Going to a shop

C Going to the woods

Then I asked if I was

A) A normal guy who didn't normally have bathroom issues (meaning no spare pants because I'm not expecting an accident)

B) Previously potty trained but starting to have issues again lately (meaning I can bring a spare pair of jeans 'just in case')

C) A 'late bloomer' who just recently managed to get out of diapers but hasn't managed to be completely accident free yet. (meaning I'm bringing a change of pants, but if I have an accident I have to go back into diapers, so I bring one of those too)

Then I asked what kind of accident I was going to have

A) Slow-burn, desperation wetting, a little at a time

B) A sudden urge to pee that comes on all at once

C) Scare/ startle wetting

D) Starting to pee without even realizing it

And finally: how bad would it have to be? (I'm allowed to do more but not less)

A) Just slightly wet. A small visible spot at most

B) Medium (definitely visible but not soaked)

C) Bad (crotch soaked and at least starting to run down my legs)

D) uncontrollable (can't stop until my bladder is completely empty, whatever the result)

I started rolling the dice and the result was: I was going to the woods, I wasn't expecting any accidents, so no change of pants. While walking I would have a sudden urge to pee and I would have at least a medium accident immediately.

I'm not stupid, so I went after dark and I wore a face mask both for Covid and to decrease my chances of being recognized just in case. I got into my car and drove for about half an hour before reaching my destination. While driving, I realized I'd made a mistake: I'd drunk too much water too early. I already felt a lot of pressure in my bladder and I couldn't convince myself to ignore it in order to have a 'sudden' urge. So I adapted my plan.

I would park somewhere and start 'looking' for a secluded spot to pee because I had to go badly. I pulled into the parking lot of a restaurant, next to a big park. I determined that I could walk for 174 steps before my bladder control would give out all at once, no matter where I was. The parking spot was well lit and a couple of guys were standing there having a conversation. I had to walk past them and through a little tunnel to get to the park.

42 steps. One of the guys looks at me as I walk past.

74 steps. Into the tunnel. It's also well lit. I get passed by a cyclist.

103 steps. I'm out of the tunnel and into the park. An unlit path is just ahead and to the right. Still a lot of light and traffic, so no chance of going here. I imagine barely being able to hold it for now.

I reach the path in 131 steps and turn left. Just my luck, a guy walking his dog up ahead. I won't be 'able' to hold it much longer.

He's past me at 162 steps. I start to look for a tree to go behind. Tall wet grass here. There's a better spot just ahead. Quick now!

I'm only halfway there and still on the path when my count hits 174. I have to pee myself right now. Those are the rules. I give my bladder a little push while continuing to walk toward the tree. A trickle starts, but it won't keep going, so I give it another push. I can feel my underpants getting soaked, and with my hand I can feel that the crotch of my jeans is getting wet too. I reach the tree and stand still while 'fumbling' with my zipper. Meanwhile, since I'm no longer walking, the stream picks up. I can feel i starting to run down my thighs. Should be pretty visible by now.

A car passes by not far from me and I'm lit by the headlights. Feeling self-conscious. Ok, that's enough, I decide. The wet spot on my right leg is halfway to my knees now..

.. and I realize I actually can't stop the flow..

The car is gone by now, and I´m still continuing to pee my pants in a steady stream. I start to walk back to the path, hoping that will help me regain control but someone's coming so I better stand still and stay out of sight. It's getting worse, not better. A trickle is reaching my sock now.

There's no point trying to contain the damage at this point so I might as well keep going. I let go completely and incredibly it feels like I'm not even halfway done. Pee is gushing down my legs and I have to spread my legs to keep it out of my shoes.

By the time I'm done, after what feels like minutes, my jeans are soaked and glistening top to bottom. A little more than I bargained for. And now I have to get back to that well-lit parking lot and into my car without being seen. Thankfully I don't run into any more people apart from one passing car on my way back. I get a plastic bag out of the trunk to put over the seat. Since I didn't bring a change of pants, I'll have to drive back and get up to my apartment with my jeans still sopping wet.

I get there without being caught, but my heart is still racing for half an hour.

*002*2021-01-09 16:53

{{17 hours ago, LilMiss said:

Wow, sounds like an amazing time, and brave. I really love the whole chance element too!

}}

Thanks! Yeah, it sure got my adrenaline going. I like the chance thing because it takes some control away from me, plus it gives me the final push to do something I might chicken out of otherwise.

