Watering the backyard

Author: astralis

*000*2021-11-17 03:00

So I live alone in an apartment, but I don't have a washer/dryer hookup and would really rather not use the communal laundry room at the complex, so I go over to my parents' house once or twice a week and do laundry there. Plus it gives me an opportunity to see them and get some exercise and play piano, which aren't things I can do at my apt.

Last weekend my parents went out of town and left the garage unlocked so I could come over and do laundry if I needed. I went over late Friday afternoon; I tend to sleep pretty late since moving out, and since my parents weren't there of course they wouldn't get annoyed with me staying over late, so by the time I got to their house it was already dark out. I started my first load and had a frozen dinner my mom had bought for me and a glass of water, followed by two glasses of iced tea.

It's probably worth mentioning here that I won't use a bathroom someone else has used. I used to be fine with it but ever since the pandemic exacerbated my OCD it's just not something I'm comfortable with. I won't even use the bathroom at my parents' house unless I have to stay overnight for whatever reason, and even then I clean the toilet and sink thoroughly beforehand. But most of the time when I go over there I just hold it until I can get back to the apartment.

Anyway, after I'd been there a while I started feeling the water and tea I'd drunk. I used to fantasize about going and wetting in the backyard if I was ever home alone for an extended period of time, but back when I still lived with my parents I never found the opportunity, and I was too nervous to do it anyway as my dog was still alive and I didn't want him to potentially get confused by the scent of my urine. But well, it was dark, and I was alone, and I was starting to really need to go. I didn't want to take the time to clean the toilet, and there weren't any other viable options. So I went out and changed the loads of laundry, then opened the back door and went into the yard.

My parents' house is shaped kind of like a sideways L. Their neighbors on one side have a chainlink fence, but on the other side, and bordering the houses on the next street over, is a wooden fence. Since I moved out someone moved in next door on the wooden fence side, and there's someone living behind them now who apparently keeps really bright lights on at night and goes outside. So I was kind of debating whether it was worth it to go or not since there was suddenly this increased risk of being seen. But the more I stood leaning against the house the worse I had to go.

Pretty soon I was dragging my hands down my thighs and squeezing my legs together, the iced tea and water filling my bladder rapidly. I knew technically I could wait until I left because I've done it so many times now but I really didn't want to be so uncomfortable when I didn't need to be. The neighbors to the side weren't outside; the neighbors behind were, and after a little bit of deliberation I made a decision. I went around to the back of the house (the end of the L). The air-conditioning unit is back there as well as a building my dad has for extra tools and books and stuff. I did a little maneuvering and discovered if I crouched down at a certain spot behind the building and the A/C unit, I wasn't visible either from the chainlink fence neighbors' yard or from the street behind the house.

I stood for a little while debating, but my bladder was throbbing, and I couldn't stand still, squirming constantly, just on the verge of gripping myself. I had to go so, so bad, and it was pitch dark, and I couldn't make it home. I tugged my jeans off and pulled them and my underwear out of the way and squatted over the grass, leaning against the house, covered by the building and the A/C. My piss gushed out pretty much instantly, and I bent my head to watch in fascination as it flowed out, instantly soaking into the grass and dirt. 

After a few seconds the thin stream became a torrent and I pissed for a good long time before it finally stopped. I had to straighten up and pull my clothes back on fast because I thought I could hear the neighbors coming outside and actually after a little while I smelled their cigarettes! I washed the patch of grass with the hose because I really don't know if it would've stained and I wasn't going to take chances. The whole time my heart was pounding and I couldn't believe I'd actually gone and pissed in my parents' backyard like an animal. It was such a good relieving feeling, though, and even though I'm not into voyeurism there was something very thrilling about being naked where I could've potentially been seen, squatting and pissing in the dirt, too desperate to wait or use a toilet like a normal person.

*005*2021-12-19 01:26

{{On 12/16/2021 at 12:15 PM, New_Macca said:

Just re reading this amazing account. I particularly love how you bent forward fro watch it pour out if you and describe the power and way it changed shape as you went more powerfully. I guess it’s unusual to get such a close up unobstructed view of it exiting as wouldn’t see it say on the loo.

}}

Yup! It wasn't even really the same as in the shower since I'm standing all the way up in the shower and it runs down my leg more than going in a straight line... but since I was crouched in the backyard it forced the piss to go in a narrow line. So that was cool.

*007*2021-12-31 02:28

{{8 hours ago, C.omoboy said:

What a great story, so detailed and full of adrenaline, I bet it was liberating to fulfill that backyard fantasy

}}

Thank youuuu it definitely was lol. I wish it could happen again, not sure how likely that is but we'll see!

