Early Experience

Author: Toady567

*000*2017-07-23 16:02

My early experiences with wetting started in grade school. I didn't do the actual wetting myself because I was pee shy. My friend who was a couple of years younger than me started the whole thing. There were five or six of us boys building a snow fort and it was getting late and everyone was getting cold. I didn't care though because I wanted to finish building the fort. My friend Mark was on board with finishing but the other kids were not. They were complaining and threatening to quit the fort building business.

I told them that Mark knew how to keep warm and he'd tell them only if they kept working. I had no idea what he'd say bease I was just bullshitting them. We were all dressed up in winter jackets and snowpants. Mark told them to pee in their pants to stay warm. The other boys laughed but Mark said he just did it and he was warm. I lied and said I did too but I couldnt. I tried. Two of the other boys peed in their pants. When we went inside later, they all showed me their wet pants. They questioned me bease my pants were dry. I told them it must have dried up.

This was my first intro to wetting.

*003*2017-07-24 13:59

{{17 hours ago, trackboy said:

Did you go the school day without going all day in grade school middle school and high school being your pee shy??? Did you go out for any sports???

}}

I was pee shy in the fact I had a difficult time peeing in my pants. Damn toilet training! I've only had one real wetting accident in my life and I remember it vividly. It was around the same time as these stories about Mark. He and I went to the same grade school and after school care place. My mother didn't get out of work until 5pm and for some reason I didn't visit the bathroom before she picked me up. I wasn't intentionally doing a hold but once I sat in the car, I realized how uncomfortable I really was. Oh well, should be home soon, I thought. I can make it!

My mother reminded me that we were going to visit her friend, Janice, after work and then go to dinner. I'd never been to her new place so I was unsure how long it took to get there. That made my desperation a little worse. I was fidgeting most of the way there. My mother even noticed and asked me if I was okay. I told her I was and nothing else was said about it.

By the time we arrived at Janice's place I had to pee sooooo bad! It was a new place and for some reason I felt like I needed to ask before I used the bathroom. My mom went upstairs with Janice and talked while they were getting ready. I stayed downstairs waiting. My bladder hurt but I didn't call out and ask to use the bathroom. I figured they'd be down any minute now. I'm not sure how long I waited, it certainly seemed like forever. There was a cat on the staircase and it was looking at me. I tried to distract myself by calling the cat over. I took a step towards the cat and realized I couldn't move anymore. I was about to open the floodgates if I did. I bent over and grabbed my the tip of my penis hoping that would stop any flow. The situation was urgent. I was about to have a real accident in my pants! I was too old for that.

Finally I called up and asked if I could use the bathroom. Janice responded back with a yes and then told me where it was. She never left the bedroom so she never saw my desperation. The bathroom was a couple of rooms over, which seemed much longer than it was. When I turned to walk towards the bayhroom, I began pissing myself. I held on to the tip of my penis, which stopped the flow (sort of) and made it as fast as I could to the bathroom. When I got inside the bathroom, I had to let go of my penis to get my fly open. As soon as I let go of it, I let go again and felt piss spraying my undies. I got my penis out and finished in the toilet. The relief was amazing.

Afterward, I checked out the damage and it wasn't as bad as I suspected. I was embarrassed but felt better noticing that the damp spot was only on my crotch and I could hide it from the adults until it dried.

I never told Mark about that story.

*004*2017-07-24 14:15

{{15 hours ago, verb8im said:

Awesome! Do you have any more stories with Mark and these boys?

}}

Mark was the only one who really pissed himself. I don't even remember the names of the other boys. We would try to talk them into it after that but it was met with limited success. Occasionally we might talk a younger kid into peeing himself if we were starting a new club and convinced them that was their way in or on a dare. Nothing memorable though.

It was odd for me to ask Mark to pee in his pants as we didn't discuss it. Back then, we didn't know what Omo was. I wonder if Mark ever thinks about those experiences or if they are lost childhood memories.

I remember one time we were alone, hanging out on a sand pile. I tried to convince him to pee in his pants and he told me his parents were getting mad at him for having accidents. After a while he relented and peed a little bit, enough to make a nice wet patch in the front of his tan pants. After that time, he didn't really do much more wetting.

