A Desperate Beach Vacation

Author: cwpee

*000*2017-08-14 17:28

Last week Jenna and I went to the beach for a much needed vacation. We rented a house a few blocks for the beach and proceeded relax on the beach as well as see some of the sights around. We’d been there for a couple days when she mentioned how she wanted to go walk on the beach at night but it was raining the night before. This got me thinking, so I pulled up a map to see if I could find a deserted where we could be alone. It was difficult as the whole area was built up, but there was a state park nearby that would be deserted after the lights-out time of 10.

That night, we went around to a few shops then stopped at a restaurant that was close to the house for a late supper. She had a soda and an even larger glass of water at the restaurant. I was expecting her to use the toilet before we left since it had been almost 2 hours since we left the house but she didn't. Afterwards, we were going to go next door to get some beer for the beach but the liquor store was already closed. This meant that we had to go all the way to the nearest convenience store which was about 15 minutes away. As soon as we got back in the car, she popped open a beer. I was going to say something, but I wasn’t drinking it and the area was pretty deserted, so I left it alone.

By the time we made it back to the beach, she had finished off the beer. It had been 45 minutes since she head finished off her drinks at the restaurant, plus the beer she just finished, so I was certain she had to pee by now but she still didn't mention it. When we stopped, I realized it wasn’t quite a deserted as I had hoped. The parking area was right next to a house and it you could see lights from the state park down the beach a ways. Still, there was plenty of beach between there and us, so we were still able to get away from everyone somewhat.

We each kicked off our shoes and grabbed a beer (well, 2 for her). As we walked down the beach, I thought I could see her scanning the beach for somewhere to pee, but she still didn’t say anything. it was at this point that I realized something: unless its a busy beach, there is nowhere to pee! The beach is long and flat, and there's signs everywhere warning you about snakes in the grass behind the beach, which leaves either peeing in the water or squatting out in the open. If you're in regular clothes and not swimming, that pretty much limits the options. We walked for about 5 minutes before we stopped to lay out our blanket and relax on the beach. Almost immediately she looked at me with a smirk on her face and said “Since I know you're going to ask, I don't want to have sex at here”. I made a mock sad face and asked “Why not? There's nobody around - plus haven’t you always wanted to have sex on a beach?”

She proceeded to counter every reason I had that it would be OK, so I gave up on it and we laid back and relaxed for a while. We walked down to the water where we finished off the first beer before she grabbed her second. I threw the empties in a nearby trash can and we we walked down the beach for a while. By this point I realized I must have misjudged her need earlier and that she had probably started off dehydrated, but she had to need to go by now. As we made our way back I could definitely tell she was starting to need to find a placed to relieve herself.

Sure enough, by the time we got back to the blanked she told me “Okay, I really need to pee. Let's head back.” I agreed so she chugged the rest of her beer. As I was folding up the blanket she crossed her legs slightly and said “Can I pee out here?” It caught me off guard as she doesn’t normally ask like that - it’s a statement that she is going to pee, or she will ask me to look around to make sure it’s clear. Since it sounded like she was asking my permission, I playfully told her “No!”

I expected her to completely ignore me like normal when I tell her there that but instead she shrugged her shoulders and said “Okay, but hurry.” That surprised me even more, but I went with it.

We’d been walking for about a minute when a light bulb went off! I put my hand on her side and asked her “How about this - you can pee out here if I can record it.” She immediately said “Great! I really didn’t want to have to wait until we go back.” I barely had the camera up on my phone when she had her pants unbuttoned and asked if I was ready. Without my answer, she yanked down her pants and squatted. It took a few seconds for me to get ready, which she wasn’t happy about, before I told her to let go.

While I see her pee every day on the toilet, plug many times outdoors, this was the first time I had ever gotten up the nerve to ask to see it up close. I was mesmerized. At first I started off about 5 feet away before I scooted up to where the lense was almost directly under her. It seemed like it lasted forever, but after reviewing the footage it was strong but only slightly over 20 seconds. She stood up afterwards like nothing out of the ordinary went on and we proceeded back to the car. I was left thinking about what had just happened and running through different scenarios in my mind.

Back at the house, few had a couple more drinks before heading to bed. I was hoping she have sex before she peed since we didn’t do anything earlier but she told me there was no way she was waiting. I was a little disappointed, she was still not comfortable in the bed, and we were both tired so it wasn’t the best session we’d had. Still, I was quite excited about the video I had gotten.

It gets much better the next night, but I haven’t finished writing that part up yet. Hopefully I’ll have it up tomorrow - stay tuned!

*001*2017-08-15 02:30

As promised - here's the following day's adventures.

We finally slept in that morning and woke up feeling great. I was hoping to go back out to the beach again that night so I pulled open the map again and tried to find a place that was even farther from anything. I found a location that looked promising, but it was a ways further down the beach. Once we were up, we both decided that we had been at the beach enough, at least during the day, so we went to some of the many other attractions in the area instead. While we both love the beach it can be a little exhausting due to the heat, so we both felt better than previous days. Jenna was already getting frisky, so the night was looking up. After touring a historic ship that had been turned into a museum we went downtown and found that they had a huge number of interesting shops. After we’d been out a while, I realized I hadn’t seen a toilet since we were at the museum. I kept my eye on her, but she showed no outward signs.

That is, until we got to a nice seafood restaurant for supper. When we were seated, she stayed standing while bending forward over the table. I looked at her weirdly and as she was shifting her hips around she told me “I really need to pee, so I don’t want to sit down.” I told her to go pee and I’d get her drink when the waiter came before she hurried down the hall to the toilet. I had to adjust myself discreetly to hide my growing erection. When she got back she sighed loudly and told me “Much better!” which caused it grow even more. I quickly adjusted which caused her to laugh then bend over and whisper “I’ll take care of that later!”

Thankfully by the time we left I was back to normal down there as we went back to some shops. Eventually we stumbled on an outdoor bar. I ended up having one beer since I would be driving, but she had 2. By now we were almost back to the car, so we decided to grab some beer at the grocery store a couple miles down the road and head back to the beach. I figured she would pee at the grocery store since it had been a while and she had a lot to drink at supper plus the 2 beers at the bar over the last 2 hours. I was secretly hoping she’d hold it, but wasn’t counting on it and figured she’d fill up on the beach and hopefully get another video. She surprised me again didn’t say anything. I was starting to have to hide my hard-on for the 2nd time that evening.

Once again, she popped open a can of beer as soon as she got in the car. I protested a little this time since we were in the middle of town, but she promised to be discreet. The beach city we were at may not be very big, but it is very stretched out so it took a while to get anywhere. Since were were staying on the outskirts of town, it took over 20 minutes from the grocery store to get back to where we had been staying. I kept going past the beach we stopped at previously and she looked at the road with a slightly worried look on her face before asking where we were going. I told her that there was another beach a ways up the road that was away from any houses. She told me she hoped it wasn’t too far, and she definitely looked worried when I told her it was probably another 20 minutes. I reassured her and told her that this was way away from any houses so hopefully we would be more alone.

She was still behaving normally, but I could tell she would normally have been actively looking for a place to pee if she didn’t know we were getting close to the beach. Eventually she started shifting around a little bit and she asked if we were close to the beach. I told her she was in luck because were were less than a mile away. However, it took me close to 10 minutes of wandering around to finally find the entrance to the beach. I was hoping that was a good sign for it being deserted but soon I started seeing cars. A lot of cars.

As we drove we could see lots of people down on the beach. Jenna quietly muttered “I'm not going to be able to pee out here am I?” I said “Not around here at least. Hopefully it clears out some further up.” She told me it was good here and to just pull but I told her I was trying to find somewhere at least a little further away from people. I kept on going a few minutes more when I found a place that was at least not right next to someone. I laid out the blanket and grabbed a beer for each of us since the one she opened at the store was already gone. She didn’t see quite as interested in walking around this time, presumably because her bladder was now yelling at her for release.

After we've been there about 5 minutes she interrupted me and said “I sure wish there was a way I could pee out here” before she continued on with conversation. About five minutes after that we had both been silent before she loudly said “I miss our beach from yesterday. I could actually pee.” I laughed slightly and said “That's the second time you've mentioned not being able to pee out here. I'm guessing you need to go?” She quickly said “Yes. Quite badly.”

She didn’t say anything else, and neither did I for about 30 seconds until I finally asked her “So, do you want to head back to the beach from last night?” She quickly hopped up and said “Yes please” I put up the blanked and we both chugged the rest of our beer. I threw the empty cans away in a trash can slightly up the beach and came back to Jenna hopping in place telling me to hurry up. As we're driving down the beach she looked at the groups of people and said “This is silly. What are all those women over there doing to pee?” I shrugged my shoulders and told her “I'm not sure. I guess they're just fine with peeing around people.” She just grunted.

It took me a few minutes to find the exit as it wasn’t marked but I finally found it. As we were leaving, the bumpy road wreaked havoc on her poor bladder before she was finally able to relax once we returned to pavement. A devil popped up on my shoulder and I reached around a grabbed a beer, opening it and handing it to her. I was mostly doing it to mess with her, but she actually took a big swig!

We was mostly quiet for the ride, only occasionally bringing up how much she had to pee or mistakenly thinking we were at our turnoff. Once we finally got there, though, her heart sank as we saw evidence of lots of people. Sure enough, there was a large group of people around the bonfire just to the right of the parking area. I reassured her that we wouldn’t have to walk far to get away from them. I also turned on the video recorder on my phone so I didn’t miss anything. We continued on the beach past a couple people hauling a log until we were finally away from the party.

I told her it was clear and to just pee when I asked her if I could video her again. She said “No! I take way too long!”

“I’m ready now” I said, as I showed her the phone. She said “Fine, but I’m not waiting for you!” She wasn’t kidding, as her stream started the second her pants cleared. Obviously still worried about someone seeing her, she peed as hard as she could producing a very strong stream for 30 seconds. It stopped abruptly as she dribbled for about 5 seconds before quickly yanking up her pants. Shining my light down on the ground, I could see a small hole where her jet of urine had driven away the sand. Amazing!

Now that she had emptied her swollen bladder, she was a lot more alert. After about 5 minutes she must have decided it was clear because she squatted right next to me and peed for another 15-20 seconds to fully empty her bladder. My erection had subsided some from earlier, but this brought it back full force. She saw me adjusting it again, but this time reached over and massaged it for a little while before again whispering “Later…”

We spent the next hour walking around the beach and talking, when she asked a question I never thought I would hear: “Do you think we could make money by selling those videos?” I was silent for a little bit before I asked her “Are you serious?” She reassured me that yes, she was serious. In fact she had been thinking about it the last few months as a way to get some spending money. I wasn’t sure what to say, but I told her that it was definitely possible. I really wasn’t sure what to say so I just left it, but wow!

We continued wandering around on the beach until she finished another beer and she motioned that we should head back. I got the hint and quickly grabbed our things and headed back to the car. I’m not going to get into details, but I will say that the night was much better than the previous night. Also, I’m very glad there was a washing machine in the house because we definitely needed to do a load of towels afterwards.

*005*2017-08-16 21:15

{{14 hours ago, Brotaku said:

Any chance of those videos getting uploaded here?

}}

Actually, there might be! I'll be sure to update here if she gives me the OK. :)

*006*2017-08-17 02:45

I got the thumbs up, but the video shows her face so I've got to brush up on my video editing skills.

Edit: Done! Here you go:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/4202-wifes-first-video/?do=embed"

Double edit: this is from the first night I mentioned. The wind was awful on the second night so I'm have more problems with the audio. I recorded a lot more before she peed, but most of it is inaudible right now.

*009*2017-09-04 02:21

I know! I still can't believe it.... She originally was interested in it to try to get some extra spending money, but once she started making them she got really into it. Not only did she get turned on by making the videos, but she actually started getting turned on just by holding it! She's not as into the extreme holding as I am (yet!), but she is certainly enjoying having a full bladder more than she used to.

As I mentioned, she's doing this for extra spending money so we'll be posting a lot of the videos to pay sites. However, we're still going to be making some of them free and I will definitely be posting those here.

Edit: just posted one! It's not from the beach trip, but wanted to mention it since we were discussing her videos.

