Kindergarten accident

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2016-06-06 22:08

This was one of my first public accidents at school

I was in my kindergarten class, my little sweat pants and shirt, and my curly blonde hair put into pigtails ( i was adorable!)

We had done our daily activities, singing, reading, and writing.

Now it was playtime before school was over, we had a good amount of time to play till the end of the day

Here's the problem, I had big anxiety issues and was scared of asking for anything, I hardly spoke I was so nervous and shy all the time.

We had a rule in kindergarten " If you need to go potty, you put 2 thumbs up, and that will be the signal * I gotta go potty* "

Well... I hated that rule, although it was better then publicly asking, it made it more embarrassing, because we had a waiting chair for the potty, so if someone was in there, you had to sit there and wait.

So over the course of the day, I had not used the potty at all, and I was getting desperate.

I held myself between my legs with one hand, and was sitting and coloring for the time being, trying to distract myself.

That didn't last much longer............

20 minutes later i was squirming desperate, the teacher asked me if i wanted to play one of the grocery games, which was only assigned to 1 kid each week, and they picked me, I said no.... and sat there holding it in

I was holding myself tight, squirming in my seat, not focusing on playing or coloring anymore.... all i wanted to do was pee....

I finally tried to gather some courage to ask to go potty, when another person came up and asked first, I was panicked

M y teacher looked at me and asked " did you need something?"

I crossed my legs and shook my head no, there was no way, I can't ask, its embarrassing, I can hold it, it's almost time to go home.... I can make it....

Or so I thought.....

I sat there, face red, and then... it happened....... a small leak, only it didn't stop....

I sat there, in my chair, and started to pee.... I gasped and tried to stop it, afraid of someone seeing, but all I did was get my hands wet

I sat there, and sighed in relief, and peed.... it felt like hours of how long I peed... " I didn't think i could hold it this long.... it feels so good.... so much better"

There was a large dark spot on my pants, a puddle on the chair, and a large puddle on the floor.

I snapped back and realized I just peed my pants... IN SCHOOL! and no one noticed yet?

I then hid the rest of the time, the teachers found the puddle but couldn't find who did it.

As we were about to leave, i placed my backpack around my crotch behind me so no one saw, and I went home and no one noticed..

I hope you guys enjoyed it!

*003*2016-07-11 20:58

{{On 7/6/2016 at 1:26 PM, AudreyLovesPee said:

Wow nice story didn't the teacher see your butt. It must have been soaked from peeing in the chair. Did your parents notice when you got home.

}}

Nope, they never found out it was me, they did see it was wet but i don't remember them thinking it was pee, and my parents didn't see at all

