Barley Made It

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-06-06 21:46

I didn’t mean for this to happen but it did so I went with it. I also cleaned the mess.

I was on vacation with my family, one day after lunch they dropped me off at the hotel since they had to hurry and pick something up before the store closed while we were up there. In the hurry to drop me off I didn’t pee before. On the trip to the hotel I regreted it as I started to really have to pee. I crossed my legs knee over knee tightly. Once they dropped me off at the hotel I got out and acted normal as they left, I didn’t want to draw attention to me and my need. Once left I walked to the bathroom, I had to force myself not to hold myself as again I didn’t want r t o draw attention to myself.

When I got to the bathroom it was empty probably bc no one wants to travel due to corona. Once I saw it was empty I ran into a stall as I really needed to pee. Once I was in the stall I slammed the door shut and locked it but as I did a huge desperation wave hit me and I leaked. I went to the front of the toilet and went to pull my gym shorts down but before I did I lost the battle and lost control, peeing my shorts. I figured they were already wet so I didn’t bother to pull my gym shorts down.

I was wearing navy blue gym shorts and no undies

• I CLEANED THE MESS •

*002*2020-06-07 17:27

{{Just now, PoolBoy said:

Awesome! Has anyone saw you once you got out of the restroom?

}}

Yes. One said something and the others just stared at me.

*005*2020-06-07 19:21

{{7 minutes ago, Shadowdevil said:

Love it!! Your accident sounded awesome!! Must have taken some guts! Wish I had those guts. Amazing pic also! Wish there was a video XD

}}

It was not really on purpose more of an accident so no guys just embarrassment. I couldn't hold it and peed my gym shorts in a public bathroom and people saw. Definitely embarrassing.

*007*2020-06-12 02:27

{{On 6/10/2020 at 4:37 PM, soaked90 said:

Certainly looks like you enjoyed it...

Very hot though!

}}

While it was a honest accident at first a certainly did enjoy it and it became not an accident.

