The Wetting bully

Author: yoyohalo

*000*2012-03-20 21:17

Ok well i will just say that this story is not about a bully wetting himself its about a bully making me wet.

Well it all started when i just moved to my new house with my family and i had no friends there or at school so it was pretty bad for me in the first week but it got better in the second week. It was my third week at this new school and i had made friends with this one guy who seemed pretty nice and i hanged out with him all the time and he was having a sleepover and i got invited so i asked my parents and they said sure.

Well it was the night of the sleep over and it was me and my friend plus another 4 people and we decided to stay up really late that night. So once his parents fell asleep we started to have some fun by plying hide and go seek (by the way there was 1 girl there) and they chose me to be it and im not one to complain so i didnt fuss about it.

They told my to count in the closet and once i got in and started to count i heard a click but i just thought it was some noise the door made when you close it but i soon found out it it was the lock on the closet that he put on it and it was like a bike lock with a key. So after they locked me in the closet i heard a few giggles and then i heard running but i really needed to pee and i had already felt a few squirts in my pants.

By now i had been in the closet for 30mins and my bladder couldn't hold it anymore and it all released and onto the floor and i had to sit in that for another hour and i was really getting mad at this guy. soon later the now what i call a bully unlocked the door and opened and they all just stared at the big puddle i made as i dashed to the door and ran outside.I really had a big grudge on this guy and i just ran to my house (i lived pretty close to him) and i carefully went up to y room without my parents noticing and changed my wet clothes and into my pj's then went to sleep.

Now just so you guys know i did get revenge on him in about 3 years he mentioned that memory and then i punched him in the nose and broke his nose then i beat the shit out of him and it felt bloody good :D

Hope you guys like it

Rainbow Dash is out

*002*2012-03-25 02:54

Well he used to be my friend but when he locked me in the closet i was like "screw him" and well i think his mom made him clean it out with his toothbrush. i dont know why you feel sorry for him though... it took people almost 5 years to stop laughing at me.

