Desperation Sightings While Out on the Town

Author: Aloe

*000*2018-05-14 14:08

Hey guys!

I have a quite a few sightings over the years. Some of which during were on a Saturday night, where after drinking, partying, and having so much fun, some ladies completely forget to use the bathroom. Or better yet, some of them definitely have to use the bathroom, but can't be bother with the "inconvenience." Other sightings were random desperate moments I observed in a grocery store that just happened to make my day. Either way, here of some of my favorite little snippets of desperation.

I was out on a Saturday night, leaving a bar as my friends and I went their separate ways. I was feeling kind of hungry, so I went to a local taco place. Not only did they have good tacos, but they only had one stall for each bathroom. Better yet, each bathroom was locked with a key, which sometimes gets lost, or maybe the staff is too busy to go and fetch it from the back. Either way, those doors a locked quite frequently, likely to the dismay of several desperate women that may enter the restaurant after all the bars have been closed.

One evening, I myself happened to be in line, when a busty latina girl in a peach cocktail dress came rushing in. She had her hands pressed against the crotch of her dress, and her bladder was visibly bulging out from her dress. She tried the door, and surprise: it was locked.

"Ohhhh, I have to pee soooo bad." She moaned to herself, and immediately broke into a pee dance, stepping from one foot to the other, crossing her legs, and bouncing up and down. She didn't care if anyone was watching, it was likely all she could do to keep from wetting herself.

The door stayed shut. She knocked several times, but no answer.

"What is this bitch doing in there." She mumbling to herself, stepping from foot to foot.

"Maybe you should ask her," I teased, as I continued to wait in line for my hand washing.

"That's a great idea," she smiled at me, "HEY BITCH WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN THERE!?"

Hands down, one of the funniest things I've seen, ever.

"Oh god, I'm gonna piss myselfffff." She moaned, double crossing her legs and bending forward, giving me an excellent view of her cleavage.

"Should I ask them for a wet floor sign?" I laughed jokingly. I'm an asshole, I know.

"HAHA! Don't make me laugh or you will!" She giggled, with a forced smile.

We chatted for another minute or two before my turn was up, and I very quickly washed my hands ti get back out there to enjoy the show. When I left the bathroom she was walking in place.

"Working on your cardio?" I asked suggestively.

"I'm about to pee myself, I don't need this kind of positivity in my life right now." She giggled, bending forward with her hands pressed firmly between her thighs.

"I'll leave you to it then!" I giggle, returning to my table.

The girl continued to furiously potty dance at the bathroom door, stepping from foot to foot, bouncing up and down, and all around trying to keep her panties dry kind of dance moves. Just then, a slim Asian gal came from the front of the cash register, with key in hand, and walked right past the dancing girl into the bathroom.

The girl, with her mouth agape, muttered "are you f**king kidding me?" She bit her lip and started lifting her thighs up to her waist, in a high step potty dance. Who knows how long this Asian girl would be in the restroom? Hopefully long enough for me to see this beautiful Latin women finish her dance routine, or even better, long enough that I could go fetch that 'wet floor' sign.

She knocked on the door with urgency, still lifting her heels to her waist, and alternating between that and kicking her heels back behind her. No response. She knocked on the men's room. Apparently, there was someone in there as well, but she felt she had a better chance of staying dry if she stuck around there for a bit. After maybe another minute of furious pee dancing, leg crossing, and other sexy variations of "don't wet yourself," the men's room opened and she rushed inside. She walked out looking very relieved, flashed me a friendly smile, and got in line for some tacos.

Kinda made my night.

*002*2018-05-14 16:52

{{52 minutes ago, NerqTheMighty said:

Awesome story there. Of course, I'm far too introverted to imagine being either person.

}}

Trust me, I get that. I can be fairly introverted sometimes. Sometimes I like the chaos, but sometimes at end of the, people just drain me of my energy

*004*2018-05-15 03:07

{{8 hours ago, jack1987 said:

Great sighting there. You're very lucky. Anymore?

}}

Yes, I have PLENTY. I’m going to add a few more tonight.

*007*2018-05-16 19:13

{{13 hours ago, DespMely said:

Thank you for relating this sighting:)

}}

You’re very welcome!!

{{1 hour ago, wetisthebest said:

That story was so great! I'm very jealous of your sighting sounds very hot! My heart was racing along with her, you described it so frantically that I could picture it. Awesome, can't wait for more of your experiences!

}}

It’s one of my favorite sightings I was trying to post more last night but my homework got the best of me. I have a lot of time tonight though so I’ll be working on a few more of my favorites

*008*2018-06-09 19:19

This one involves a different kind of line, and actually was one of the key motivators to posting my experiences here for frequently.

I was at the bank one day, making a deposit and wiring funds to one of the vendors of our business. This particular day was a Friday, and between the hours of 3-5pm, this particular banks gets very busy. I mean, incredibly busy. There are, on average, only two or three tellers at any given time, one of which is designated to service business banking clients, and the general public also. Because of this, I normally don't have to worry about waiting in lines; which is good, because honestly, I hate lines. Especially long lines. On my top 10 list of hated things, waiting in lines is like, in my top 3; so it better something pretty damn good to make me wait in a long ass line. On this day, I actually chose to wait in this line, when there was a banking teller ready and willing to expedite my request. Crazy right? Well I had probably one of the best reasons in the world to wait in line: A beautiful, desperate woman.

As I stood filling my deposit slip out, a gorgeous Hispanic woman walked in. She was dressed in professional clothing, with long, black, straight hair, and sizeable 'assets.' That alone would have caught my attention, but alas, she didn't look like the kind of woman who would appreciate being hit on in a banking line, surrounded by other people. She was probably in her mid- thirties too, and was wearing heels. Taller than me, and older than me: not a winning combination. As I was about to approach the bank teller though, I saw her tense expression, focused solely on the front of the line. Simultaneously, she crossed her legs and tapped a foot. I did an almost obvious double take, as this was the first time in awhile that I may have seen a woman desperate in public. I saw someone else approaching, and I had to make a choice: stand in a long ass line with a potentially desperate woman, or get in and out of this hell hole and get on with my life.

So I got in line, figuring I could get out of line if necessary and just switch to the business teller. But it looked to be about a 15- 20 minute wait, or more; and if this girl was truly desperate, she could leave at any time to go and piddle. But she didn't; in fact, as we got closer to the front of the line, my suspicions were confirmed. This girl definitely had to pee, and was doing everything she could to make it discrete. Unfortunately for her, I'm fairly well researched on the potty dance .

She began by gently crossing her legs every so often, as I've seen some girls do while bored or waiting, or just standing there generally. But she continued to cross her legs with increased frequency. About halfway down the line, she began tapping her foot, in conjunction with crossing her legs. Maybe she was just restless? I would be too if I was waiting in line with nothing to do but wait. But several minutes after she began tapping her foot, she began subtly bobbing ever so often, crossing her legs, and bobbing slowly, gently, on the spot. She turned her head at one point and I saw that she was biting her lip. If that wasn't a sign that she had to pee, I'm not sure what was. She the next 7 minutes or so crossing her legs, squeezing, and bobbing ever so slightly, her gorgeous butt bouncing up and down in front of me. I was getting quite the show.

But the climax of her desperation occurred when she sauntered up to the bank teller. Immediately when she got there, she crossed her legs and bobbed gently on the spot, in full view of the entire line behind her. This is the only point, I feel, where her desperation became obvious to anyone paying attention. Like me. She alternated crossing her legs frequently, and her pretty butt was poking out as she hunched forward, gently, subtly, swaying it back and forth as her legs were crossed. At one point she lifted her leg up and pressed it against her other leg, doing a sort of flamingo pose.

When she dropped her leg back down, she immediate, ans sharply, crossed her legs and bounced on her toes, and started stepping back and forth. When she finished, I of course was up to the next teller, and began conducting my business as usual. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her walk up to a banking associate, cross her legs, and fold her hands in front of her crotch. She was stepping subtly from foot to foot, and had a friendly but somewhat anxious expression on her face. After some mumbled conversation, the associate shook her head "no," and the business woman smiled, said thank you, and walked out the door, her loud heels clicking with urgency.

As you can imagine, I'm slightly more partial to waiting in line now. It still sucks, but sometimes, it's worth the wait.

*009*2018-09-05 04:28

I haven’t felt super inspired lately, but there’s been a few great writers on here lately that’ve got me amped to contribute a few recent encounters I’ve had around town!

The other day I was stopping at a Rite Aid, waiting in line to a buy some ice cream or whatever the hell I was doing. I guess my desperation senses were tingling because I was immediately drawn to a middle aged woman, standing in line. She had a tense expression on her face, and purses lips. That’s a red flag for me; but it wasn’t until she started tapping her foot rapidly on the ground, and lightly pressing her upper thighs into each other, that I realized this girl was desperate.

She stood there, waiting for a cashier, looking pretty impatient. She kept glancing around and biting her lip, and I of course couldn’t help but watch her from the back of the line, giving me a view of what appeared to be an obnoxiously large butt under a flimsy black dress; she was in super good shape for her age.

At one point, it seemed like she was fed up with the line, as she left. I thought she would go pee, and That was that. But she simply shuffled over to the markup isle and started looking for mascara or something. Under the guise of “privacy,” she started stiffly prancing in place as she sorted through the shelves, her moves becoming more exaggerated now that she was out of the public eye, but like, not really.

Unfortunately for her, but fortunately for me, she had to get back in line again. The line had grown exponentially, and she was now 5 people back. Being te devil I am, I couldn’t help but take extra long at the front counter, all the way glancing back to see tha bootiful blonde woman slowly step in place, dying for a pee but, for some reason, refusing to go.

I left before I could see what happened, or any more action from her. But as I drove past the store, I saw her stiffly standing at her car, crossed legs, bent over by the trunk. She STILL hadn’t peed, and now she was bobbing up and down in the parking lot.

Of course, I’d like to think she peed her pretty little dress. That would be great. I’d also like to think that maybe she enjoyed holding it. That’d be great too. But more than likely, she hated public bathrooms, and would rather give people like me an unintentional show than use a dirty toilet.

You won’t see me complaining though....

*010*2018-12-18 02:21

I know I’m a few months too late for Halloween, but I felt this was too relevant to gloss over!

This past Halloween, I went out to a local bar crawl with a few friends of mine. This has always been an awesome experience for me; not only is it a packed, active bar scene, but everyone’s in some freaking weird ass costume. There was this one guy walking around with a table around his waist like a skirt, and a lampshade pulled over his head. He called himself a “one nightstand.” Points!

But as with any packed bar scene, there is often a lot of lines: a line to get in, a line at the bar, and my favorite, a line at the restrooms, particularly a ladies room on Halloween night. Nothing really leaves an impression on you like a sexy nurse pee dancing next to a vampire.

Throughout the night, there was desperation here and there. It was subtle, but it was there. But there were two prominent sightings that I enjoyed fairly thoroughly.

The first sighting was pretty awesome, something that I’ve never really seen before: a bladder bulge. Now, even when having girlfriends that would indulge me in holding, I never actually saw a bladder bulge on any of them. This was a first for me, and it was pretty prominent too.

If you’re familiar with Mortal Combat, the first girl was dressed like Sonia, I believe. She had this Ninja garb on, with blue accents. Her abdomen was exposed, almost like a belly dancers would be. She was about 5’5”, with muscly thighs and firm looking ass, and a modest bust. She looked fit, without being too muscled.

She also looked fairly antsy, but wasn’t really displaying any needs openly until a bit later. She was standing in the middle of the bar, with a guy, and she kept fidgeting by her barstool. She was jiggling her leg as she talked with him, and was shifting her weight from foot to foot, ever so slightly. She seemed restless, and I couldn’t help but think the alcohol was catching up to her.

But at one point she got up from the table, instead of walking to the bathroom, as any desperate girl might do, walked over to the bar across the way. She crossed her legs, and recrossed her legs over again, before bouncing slightly, and stepping slowly from foot to foot. To me, this was indicative of a muted pee dance, and I was more than happy to linger in the area as she waiting by the bar, for whatever reason.

She finally ordered, only to return to the table with a drink for herself, rather than her and her date. She crossed her legs tightly as she stood by the table, sipping her cocktail, every so often jiggling her leg and stepping on the spot. She was doing more harm than good to herself, and I knew that the line was likely going to be massive by the time she got there.

At some point I went to a different area of the bar, as I was with some friends, and sort of forgot about the desperate girl. It rarely comes of anything anyway, and I can’t spend my whole night lingering just to watch a pretty girl pee dance. I mean, that would be nice, but I have to put my perkiness aside at one point and join my friends, out of principle.

Still, out of principle, I decided I stroll by the bathrooms, just to see if anything dramatic was happening in the ladies line. Of course, every girl needed to pee, but none of them were really showing it. But towards the middle of the line was the girl in the ninja costume, and she definitely had to pee. There was a line for the men’s too, which shared the same hallway as the women’s, so I had an opportunity to watch....

For some reason, be it urgency or privacy, the ninja girl chose to be far more flamboyant with her needs, now that she was in a line of girls that all had to pee too. She was jiggling her leg rapidly, and kept stepping from foot to foot, much faster, and with a stutter step, as her hands were crossed tightly in front of her crotch. Keep in mind, this was almost 30 minutes after I saw her pee dancing at the bar.

Her face didn’t reflect desperation though, and she looked somewhat at peace, believe it or not. She had this casual expression as she pee dances halfway through a slow moving cue. Her body language suggested a full bladder, but her face suggested a mild inconvenience.

At one point she pulled out her phone and just started texting, and her legs wouldn’t stop moving. She would stutterstep with her right foot, then her left, right, then left. She crossed her legs and bounced on the spot, bo longer attempting to disguise her need. She was clearly the most desperate girl in line; but she still just inches forward, texting on her phone the whole time. At one point, she giggled audibly, probably from something she was text by whoever was texting her.

Eventually, I went into the men’s, peed, washed my hands, and then left. She was next in line to enter the bathroom, and she stepping on the spot, biting her lip, still smiling her phone. It was freakin erotic.

From her profile though, I could see her hand resting on her lowering abdomen. My eyes drifted down to so a small, round bulged that she seemed to be cradling tenderly. I could see it bulge out in profile, away from the rest of her midriff. She moved her hand as I got closer, preparing to pass her. She looked in my direction and we smiled at each other. But my eyes quickly and shamelessly went to her bladder bulge as I walked by, while bounced on the spot. I didn’t care if she saw me look, as it was quite apparent given her outfit. But like, I’ve never seen anything like that before, and I was just like, this telltale sign that she was bursting.

She definitely made it, after giving a nice show of course! But I can’t help but wonder why she continued to drink, even after needing to pee over the course of an hour or so. And while she waited, she seemed totally unemgaged as she pee danced candidly. Be it carelessness or otherwise, it definitely helped make my night.

The second sighting was a “firegirl.” She has these hip hugging yellow shorts on, a tight navy blue shirt, that said “fire chief” or something. She had red suspenders on and these combat boots. She was about 5’2”, and she was very well endowed. She was adorable, and she had to pee. Very badly. In fact, she was very open about her need every time I saw her.

When I first saw her, she was crossing her legs tightly by the bar, chatting with the guy she was with. She would cross her legs, and uncross her legs, occasionally gripping her thigh. My group happened to be in the same area, so I got a pretty nice view of her from across the way. I would occasionally see her laugh and double over, before going back to crossing her legs. She went towards the bathrooms, and came back after a minute or so. Definitely not long enough to use the bathroom.

She stayed over by the bar, but now looked definitively uncomfortable. Before, she may have been playing it off. But now she was far more open with displaying her needs, which made me blush openly just watching her. Unlike the first girl, firegirl had a sense of urgency on her face. She was clenching her fists at her sides and stepping up and down, trying to engage with her friends. She looked worried, and was crossing her legs and bouncing on the spot. Her friends seemed to think it was funny, and kept poking her, and trying to tickle her.

Her butt jiggled in her shorts as she stepped up and down, with her hands clenched into fists at her sides. She was getting frantic and I was starting to blush just seeing her.

I left to pee, and was hoping to see her again when I came back, but was greeted with an even more desperate fire girl in line for the bathroom as I left the men’s. She had taken one of her friend and gotten in line.

She was frantic at this point, and looked like she was about to wet herself. I was drooling. She had her hands squeezed between her thighs, and she bounced up and down, her boobs jiggling in her shirt. She was definitely making a spectacle of herself.

I had to squeeze by her as I tried to walk to the bar. I attempted light conversation as I passed

”You gonna be okay?” I teased, laughing.

”Ugh, I hope so!” She whined.

One if the guys she was with, drunk, assumed I was simply curious, and offered me an explanation as to why she was about to pee her shorts where she stood.

”Yeah dude she looks kinda silly huh?”

”Shut up!” The girl laughed, still squirming and bouncing, but managing a laugh.

”She didn’t want to get in line earlier and now she’s fucking up!”

”I knooooowww. These bitches need to hurry up or I’m just gonna go right here!”

”That’s such a nice costume though! Why would you want to ruin it!?” I laughed.

”Well it’s either that or I pop a squat right here!”

”Wet floor on isle 1,” the guy said. Something like that, I can’t remember specifically, but I laughed hysterically.

She turned to her friend and said, “Go check and see if there’s any guys in there. I’m peeing in the men’s room, I can’t hold it.” She had one hand over her crotch at this point, bouncing up and down. The men’s door was left wide open, and all the stalls and urinals were to the right of the door way, out of view.

He went to check the men’s room and she quickly followed. She did a quick, sexy little curtsy, before rushing in. I could hear the heels of her boots clicking against the ground as she stepped in place. At one point she banged on the door, which I could hear down the hall, and said something to the means of, “hurry up I’m fucking peeing!!”

Eventually it sounded like the stall door opened, and I heard her clicking into the stall as her friend laughed furiously.

Of course, I didn’t stick around to see whether or not she wet herself. Even if she did, I doubt she would’ve told me. I saw her and her friend group outside the bar crawl later, and she seemed just fine. But she was wearing spandex shorts, so I’d like to imagine that, if she were to have wet herself, it would’ve been an easy cleanup, and no one would’ve been the wiser.

*013*2018-12-19 18:40

{{13 hours ago, Weasel said:

Aw, man, that's a fantastic story. Thanks!

}}

Thank you :’) I’m glad I was there!

{{5 hours ago, peedespes02 said:

Very hot stories you have here. Good desperation stories you have too. Keep posting theses hot desperation stories.

}}

I’ll definitely start posting more as they come! I already have a lot of experiences that haven’t been put to paper yet!

