First Accident

Author: Averylynn

*000*2015-06-29 06:52

So today I had my first accident since I was a kid.

Last night, I was drinking a lot of powerade, since it's been hot lately and I don't drink water, basically I ended up drinking three bottles in fifteen minutes before falling asleep. It had been so hot and it was late, and I didn't get much sleep the night before, so as soon as I finished my powerade I crashed. Ever since I was a kid, I've needed to go to the bathroom before bed, and last night was the first time in fourteen years that I haven't peed before going to sleep. I ended up sleeping for almost twelve hours, plus it had been probably three hours since I had peed before bed, leaving me with the contents of about fifteen hours in my bladder.

When I woke up, I didn't feel desprite at all, and I was still pretty tired, so instead of getting up I continued laying in bed, playing on my laptop and checking all of my social media for another hour. It was already noon at this point so I figured I should get dressed (seeing as I was only in my bra and panties due to the heat) and do something with my day.

Standing up was a big mistake.

I suddenly felt all the preasre from my bladder and it was killing me, I had never been this desprite before, if I ever do holds I usually let it out long before this point, but it hurt so much. I knew I needed to get to the bathroom as fast as possible to avoid a mess I didn't feel like cleaning up, but my parents were awake in the living room and I didn't want them to see me running out of my bedroom without clothes on, so I searched frantically for a strapless dress. Although as I was putting on the dress, I felt myself letting go. I cupped my hand to my crotch and tried to hold it in as hard as I possibly could, but it was useless and I couldn't stop leaking. I knew there was no way I was going to make it to the bathroom in time so instead of attempting, I grabbed a couple of towels and stuffed them between my legs and accepted what was going to happen anyways.

I never thought I'd have an unplanned accident, and it wasn't the kind of situation I would normally be into (esepcially since they were new panties) but I kind of really liked the rush that I got from it.

