Does anyone else get anxious bladder?

Author: ek197531

*000*2018-05-27 14:54

Whenever I cry or get upset - whether it's because somethings made me sad, or I'm arguing with someone, or I'm angry - I instantly get a full bladder, probably a 7/8. It doesn't matter how much I've had to drink that day or anything, as soon as I start crying my bladder swells near enough immediately,and when I allow myself to go it's a torrent of piss. Apparently this is related to anxiety, and it's similar to how some people get so emotional they vomit. Does anyone else get this?

It's a good excuse for wetting in some situations though. One time I wad arguing with my boyfriend when it happened, I was sat on the bed in my underwear and he was raging in one corner of the room (I forget what about, stupid couples argument though). He was shouting and I was crying. I could feel my bladder aching and swelling, but didn't feel I could walk away from the situation for whatever reason. A few minutes later a tiny dribble spurted out into my knickers. I felt the soft bedding on my thighs and thought... Why not? So I just froze and released all over the duvet.

My boyfriend heard the powerful hissing and stopped in his tracks straight away, instead trying to get me off the bed and help me to the toilet but it was too late. My knickers were now see through, my thighs were dripping, and there was a sizeable sodden patch on the duvet. He helped me to the shower, and packed up the duvet for a trip to the dry cleaners (fortunately when this happens my pee is super dilute so there's never much smell or stain).

Just like that, the argument was forgotten! I'm interested to hear if anyone else has a similar experience.

