Jogging and wetting (again)

Author: JetStreamPhoto

*000*2018-07-16 22:12

A couple hours ago, I decided to go jogging while having an extremely full bladder and being quite desperate. This is 3rd or 4th time I have done this in the past year. Today is full sun and very warm and I prefer to run without a shirt because I readily overheat. So I was wearing my usual/typical running shorts - thin polyester material, no undies/knickers, tiny socks and running shoes. I carried a shirt with me to wipe sweat from my forehead and *just-in-case* I needed to cover up my front view just a little bit.

When I left the house, I was already doing a few desperate holds and had been filling up with a LOT of water all morning after 2 large (about 20ozs. each) cups of coffee. I had already wet my undies once 2 hours before and really had been staying over-full with liquids since. And my bladder holding muscles were pretty fatigued.

So, I decided another pee while jogging would be a fun experience. There is a nice greenway, multi-use (bike, walk, skate, etc.) path very near to home and I started out seriously grabbing myself to hold back all except a small leak. The next 6 or 7 minutes was extremely difficult. The pathway goes behind a neighborhood high school and between 2 sets of houses and is frequented by walkers, runners, bikers on the weekends and mornings/evenings; but this was just after lunch on a workday so I knew it would not have too many others using the path at same time as me.

While jogging a moderate pace (about 8:15 per mile), I knew that I had nearly 6 or 7 minutes before I could cross a rather major 4-lane street with moderate traffic. Those 6 or 7 minutes were a combination of extreme discomfort and concentration to keep my bladder from opening up before crossing the street with lots of motorists to see my dripping legs. It inspired me to run faster as I could hardly wait to be on the other side of the street where I knew that I had 20 or more minutes of running on the same path but while letting the pee flow whenever I wanted.

Somehow, I made it that first three-quarter mile (about a kilometer) and passed only one other trail user and crossed the busy street. I knew the chance of being seen by anyone on the trail remained possible, but I simply didn't care who saw me. Ahead of me I saw no others except in a public park, but their eyes were too far to see me start wetting my running shorts. It is very difficult to get that first flow started, but my holding muscles were quite tired and finally they relaxed just enough to begin peeing. Ahhhhhhh. Only a small temporary relief as it flowed in somewhat short spurts. Pee was spreading through the front of my running shorts and dripping off the bottom edge and hitting my calves with each stride. I slowed only a tiny bit to let the flow come out in waves. I was peeing just enough that drops were left behind me on the pavement. I proceeded to do this off and on as the urge rebuilt numerous times for the next 15 minutes - or a bit less than 2 miles.

Along the way, there were people in nearby areas, but none was close enough to see any wet streaks running down my legs. Perhaps they saw that my running shorts were a different shade of gray in a patch in front - like a triangle - but not anywhere else on my shorts. Oh well. I didn't care. I was enjoying this freedom and relief to my bladder and muscles. The path also runs adjacent to a golf course and I doubt any golfers cared to see what I was doing. The weather was so warm and sun so hot that my shorts would hardly show the wet spot after just a couple minutes of not peeing. But, as I was peeing a good flow, I looked down and saw the sun glistening off the front of my running shorts. The feeling of relief was exquisite.

By the time I had returned back to the same busy street, I definitely had wet running shorts and in pretty full exposure to motorists. I crossed the street as a driver literally looked straight at me and extended his/her arm straight towards me with a big smile and "thumbs up" gesture. Between the sun glint on the windshield and my dark sunglasses, I could not actually tell if the person was male or female, but I think male. Since I was less than a mile from my own house, it could simply be someone who knows me (oh boy) and was just making a friendly gesture without noticing my running shorts ... or, obviously, they could have liked what they saw.

On that final three-quarter mile path home, I decided to cut through the playing fields of the high school as another serious urge slammed me again. This time, I just didn't care and slowed to a walk and just let all of my bladder empty down my shorts, legs, and into my shoes. Damn, did that finally feel like a proper emptying at last!!

*002*2018-07-17 03:41

{{2 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Sounds amazing!

}}

Thanks for the feedback. The first time I jogged with the idea to pee my running shorts (while jogging), I was rather intimidated at same time as being turned on. As roughly a year has passed since then, I have slightly lower inhibitions - although still present. The majority of anyone around is paying no attention to anything (except their phones) and take zero notice of what's around them. I am likely way less brave than some others while less shy about it than the "average" person - but most of that comes from realizing that who really cares in the grand scheme of things.

So if some passerby or motorist saw my dripping wet running shorts with clear demarkations from the wet part to the dry part, no harm was done to anyone and they have a (possibly) laughable story to tell friends, family, or coworkers. So what? If someone I know "calls me out" about it, it would be simple enough to say that I poured water on myself to cool off during the run.

But, for those of us who get a kick out of "this fetish," then a smile, a nod, a wink, a laugh, whatever - it's all good!

