Desperate on horseback

Author: OmoL

*000*2019-02-18 11:48

A couple of years ago I was on holiday with family, as part of a tour group. We'd been offered the opportunity to go on a short horseback ride through part of the Andes, a beautiful route that seemed like too good an opportunity to miss. However, I was nervous.

The reason I was nervous was because on the few occasions I've been horse riding, I always end up needing to pee. Badly.

When I was younger, about 9, my sisters and I had had the chance to go on a much shorter and less exotic, but still fun, horseback route near our home at the time. I didn't go to the bathroom beforehand, and wet myself about halfway through. Now, whenever I get on the back of a horse, I nearly always need to pee within minutes.

And this was a route expected to last 3 to 4 hours.

Nevertheless, I told myself that I'd be fine. It was years ago, and I knew I could just try not to drink so much beforehand and so on. Plus, when would I ever get the chance to do something like this again? So I joined the group, climbed atop the horse, rode out with them, confident in my bladders ability to hold.

Half an hour into it, and I needed to pee. Not desperately, but the pressure was there, and I'd normally be looking for a bathroom at about this point. I didn't want to embarrass myself in front of everyone by asking to stop so soon into the journey though , so I ignored it and told myself I'd be fine. Sure the road was a bit bumpy, and I couldn't cross my legs while astride a horse, but I was 19 and not about to have an accident in front of people I'd only recently met.

We got to the halfway point, and stopped to have a look at the view. It was amazing, but part of my mind was distracted by my now aching bladder, and I was thinking about taking a moment to disappear into the bushes. No one else seemed to need to go though, so I steeled myself and crossed my legs as we prepared for the journey back.

First we had to cross a small stream. Gods that was torture! The sound of the water spashing at the horses legs, all the liquid gushing by, I could barely focus on getting the horse to go forward. I was so focussed on not leaking. Unfortunately that meant I fell behind, and my horse, trained in staying a part of the group, suddenly picked up the pace to catch up. I was bounching up and down in the saddle, my bladder slamming up and down as my legs were kept wide apart, and I started to become genuinely worried I wouldn't last the whole way back.

We made good time down, making it back to the edge of the city closer to the 3 hour mark than the 4. By this point I was in agony. My bladder hurt from holding so much, I genuinely didn't know how I hadn't just let it all out already, but I kept straining to keep it in. I couldn't lean forward, my abdomen felt so full of pee that it would have been unbearable. But to humiliate myself in front of so many people would have been even worse, so I tried to hold on.

When we made it back, I carefully got off the horse and went straight to the bathroom. I couldn't walk normally, everything ached so much and each step was like a jolt to my bladder, but, somehow, I made it. I swear I nearly orgasmed as I peed, it felt so good to finally let it all out, and I peed for longer than I ever had or have done since.

*004*2019-02-19 04:47

I'm glad it's not just me who has that issue then!

