The time I had no choice but to pee outside

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-01-24 11:01

I remember this as if it was yesterday!

My job was stressful and I could feel life getting on top of me a bit so when I had a day off I planned to get some fresh air and exercise. It was a warm-ish spring day and I took myself to a local country park with a back pack of food and drink. I parked my car and drank a bottle of water before setting off for the walk. It wasn’t quite warm enough for no coat so I had my walking boots on, warm leggings, a jumper and a coat.

I set off for my walk with my backpack on my back.

It was quiet though I did see a number of people walking dogs or exploring the area. The scenery was so relaxing and the exercise was helping my mind relax.

I hadn’t been walking that long though when I felt the first twinge in my bladder. The only toilets were back at a garden centre near where I had parked and figured I would use them when I returned.

There were loads of different walks marked on signposts but I was too much in my own world to really bother so I just walked and walked further into the park enjoying hearing the sounds of nature and the stream flowing nearby.

It wasn’t much longer before I was once again aware of my bladder. I had been walking almost an hour now so took the chance for a rest on a nearby bench. Sitting on the chilly bench I was quite aware of my need to pee so I crossed my legs and bounced my knee hugging my legs against myself. Stopping moving made me cold which was increasing my need to pee so I rocked a little and wondered if I ought to head back to the garden centre in case I found myself really bursting. My bladder made me reason this was for the best as waves of need started coming quicker. Before getting up though I grabbed an apple and a carton of juice and finished these disposing of the litter in the bin nearby.

I set off heading back trying to retrace my steps. I hadn’t been walking ten minutes when a sharp spasm from my bladder hit me suddenly and I had to stop walking to cross my legs tight. Fifty minutes back to the car park felt like eternity!

I would walk a bit further then have to stop a bit again. My need to piss was intensifying quicker than I could cope with. Every so often I heard other walkers about so I couldn’t just find a bush or such like. My need was getting pretty constant and strong so as soon as I saw another bench I sat down and fidgeted like crazy. Legs bouncing, scissoring in and out, crossed legged, wriggling, bouncing, anything I could do to try and hold. I remember looking at the stream while swinging my legs with my hand holding myself wishing I could pee in the stream! Anytime I heard or saw anyone I rested my bag on my knee and held myself for all I was worth.

Eventually I was composed enough to walk more. I came to a division in the path and for the life of me I could not remember which way to go. I looked for signs but my mind was so preoccupied with fighting against my bladder I could not focus. I ended up just randomly choosing one and hoping for the best. I was walking but my mind and muscles were so tense trying to keep my bladder at bay.

For the third time I sat on a passing bench this time absolutely frantic to pee. Rocking vigorously, back and forward, side to side, jigging around like a woman possessed as tried As hard a second I could but I could feel leaks escaping. Just at that a couple walked by with their dogs and I tried to hide the fact I was on the very edge of wetting myself in public. I clenched my muscles shut, tightly crossed my legs and pulled my bag onto my knees. I felt another leak as they passed. There was no chance I would make it back to the garden centre dry!

The second they were out of sight I grabbed myself with both hands. I had to find somewhere to pee and quickly. I looked around but the grounds were too open and exposed and I could not risk being seen.

Another drop leaked as I sat in a public area moaning with a super intense need to piss!

I got up and yet another drop leaked. I was in serious trouble. I stood behind the bench bent over holding myself wondering if I should just pull my leggings down and go right there and then. That thought made my body almost give up! I noticed a tree ahead and decided to aim for there. I was almost in tears trying to make it and I was so annoyed to see that as I got nearer to the tree it was actually far too exposed to pee behind as not only could people on my side of the river see walking past but people the opposite side could see me too. I was barely holding it all in now as I tried to keep walking.

Eventually I had no choice as I was slowly leaking and I could feel warm droplets running down my leg. I literally ran to the nearest bush, dropped my bag, pulled my leggings and knickers down and crouched down as piss exploded from me like a flood.

My embarrassment was overshadowed by my intensive relief as I peed and peed! I have no idea if I was seen but it truly was an emergency and it was be seen peeing or be seen wetting!

*005*2019-02-09 22:56

{{4 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

That was an intense effort and you shouldn’t be embarrassed having had to go outside as really was no other option. Is that really the only time you have squatted to pee?

}}

The only time not by choice. I’ve deliberately squatted in my own garden for enjoyment but this was only time it was a choice between pee myself or pee outside.

*007*2019-02-10 00:39

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

That’s very impressive you clearly have amazing self control to never be tempted to squat after drinkingnon a night out or when far from home

}}

Sadly nights out are rare these days for various reasons but would love to see how good my control was in such a situation like that.

