Ex-GF's little secret

Author: RealDreamer

*000*2016-09-20 01:40

So, writing for the first time....any suggestions/constructive critiques are welcome !

This happened in the final year of my college life in India. A group of us friends were in charge of hosting a departmental reunion and meetings used to run long after the normal class times. It was close to the date of the event and we were all talking at length about a visit to the department by some guest before the event to inspect labs et al. The visit was supposed to be on a weekend and so some of us had to come in Saturday. Our meeting room used to be closed normally on weekends and we had 2-3 keys, one of which, happened to be with my ex as she used to stay on campus in the girls' hostel.

As the meeting dragged on a lot of the group had left leaving only 3-4 at the end. We decided at the end that one of us would have to come in the next day and prepare for the visit. Then we discovered that all the people with the keys had left earlier leaving only my ex as a possibility. She declared she could not come the next day as she had some plans but she could bring the keys quickly to us from her hostel.

So, she hurried out to the hostel and left us to talk about other things. After about a rather long 20 mins (hostel was a 5 min walk max) she returned and handed over a key to us. The others quickly took the key and bid us goodbye. I don't know if nobody noticed but I saw that she had changed her jeans from the dark one she was wearing to another. Since I had to leave as well, I could not press her too much that night but on teasing her about it, she blushed and would not talk about it. It took some time for us to break the ice about such events as this was quite early on in our relationship. It was later, one random phone call on some random night, much later, when we were much more comfortable with each other, that the true secret was revealed. And here it is from the girl's perspective :

###

By the end of the meeting I was seriously desperate and in need of a loo pretty badly. But then I did not want to keep anyone waiting for the key and decided I would quickly get it from my room. Ahh, why didn't I bring it with me ? I stepped out of the building and the cool breeze hit my face and I suddenly realized that I was more desperate that I had thought....however, I carried on, I was a big girl after all in my final year of college !

On the way I met a friend who tried to indulge me in some small-talk...I tried to talk my way out of it (talking away valuable time) and got into my hostel. My room was on the 3rd floor and walking up the stairs was painful. As soon as I reached the third floor I had a decision to make : either get the keys or use the toilet. I was super desperate but decided to first get the keys from my room and then use the restroom before I went back. That proved to be my biggest mistake !

The room was on the opposite side of the corridor as the toilets and all the girls in the floor used the same restroom facilities. I quickly stepped into my room and then I tried to quickly find the keys. In my panic, I realized the keys were not in their usual place and I actually had to search for them ! I was under serious pressure now and wondered if I should continue searching or go. I decided to search a bit more. Soon enough under the table I found the key. It had somehow fallen down and I quickly took it as a huge wave of desperation hit me.

I doubled over and half-walked to the door. Since none of my roommates were present I had to lock the door before I went out again (and had to unlock it to get in) ! I was in panic then : I tried locking the door but somehow the key won't fit in as I struggled wth it ! "Why does this have to happen now ???" I wondered. As the key finally slid in, another desperation wave hit me almost overcoming my resistance. I was in serious trouble now. I had to use the restrooms NOW ! In panic, as soon as the door was locked, I ran !

Running was another big mistake as I soon realized ! Maybe I should have half-walked slowly to the restroom but running made everything happen so quickly. As I was midway through to the restrooms I could feel I was no longer in control. New surges of desperation hit me as I felt control slipping away and myself getting wet. I quickly crossed my legs when I realized what was happening and tried to regain control. I was spurting uncontrollably as I opened the door to the toilets. Thankfully there was no one to view my condition or I would have been so embarrassed.

The cubicles were empty and I kept leaking in my panties as I entered them : I just could not control any more. I had to struggle with my tight jeans inside and by the time I got it down and sat down with relief, I knew I had had a major major accident. As I finished peeing, I stood up to survey the damage. The jeans were noticeably wet till my knees on one leg and the upper thighs on another. I was so ashamed. Now I had to walk back to my room, unlock it again and change into something and then walk back ! Well, let this be our secret ok ? I have quite a few other stories to tell, but just to you.....so shhhhh

*003*2016-09-22 01:06

Thanks for the support ! Posted another story !! Do check that out too :)

*004*2016-09-27 13:32

Does anyone have suggestions on how I can improve my writing ? It will help me a lot, thank you !

*005*2017-01-26 19:31

I am going to continue this in one thread so this is a copy of the second story / part 2 for the record :

###

Sometimes we used to bunk classes in college and hang out / go to the movies with friends etc. It was this hot summer day that we suddenly decided to watch a new movie that had been released and a few of us friends planned to bunk the afternoon classes and go watch our favorite hero in action ! Outside our department building I noticed my ex-girlfriend and quickly told her the plan and that we had to leave quickly as the movie was gonna begin in 30 mins.

She agreed, then hesitated and then said, she had to "freshen up"... the term she used was funny...the first time she said "freshen up" I was like, yea, there would be other time to put make up on, come on...you look fresh..lol...I was so naive...Indian girls tend to be very secretive about their bodily needs and in the early stages of our relationship, my ex was too...she then whispered, "No, I have to use the restroom...give me 3 mins"...my friends decided to move on ahead of us and buy tickets for us when we would come. Me and my ex would come later, we decided.

So I waited outside the building as she went in and after nearly 10 mins she came out looking all flushed and quickly told me she wanted to wear a prettier dress I had to wait 10 more minutes while she went to her hostel. I was quite angry by this point and remember getting mad at her for keeping me waiting and then all my other friends at the hall who would be waiting with the tickets too. But then, I relented, and she quickly went to her hostel and was back. Everything after that went blissfully as we had a nice experience at the movies in more ways than one...in those crowded college days, the darkness of the movies gave space for a lot of "exploration" for us kids ! I never suspected why she had to "change to a prettier dress" and had thought it was one of those girl things ...it was only later, many months later, that the truth was revealed.....Lets hear it from my ex herself

###

When I had to go immediately to the movies, I realized I had been holding in my pee for a long time. Since the morning I had not been to the restroom and while I was not very desperate, the sudden idea that we had to leave immediately hit me and my bladder hard. And you ? You did not even understand when I first told you...idiot....Well, I hurried inside the department, looking to quickly relive myself. Those days, the department had very few girls studying and had only one girls' toilet on the second floor.

For about the ~25 girls studying in the department across various years in engineering that was the only toilet. As I went up the stairs, I could feel my need to pee rapidly increase. As I neared the toilet, the proximity to relief seemed to increase my needs suddenly. I saw a first year girl enter the restroom in front of me : there were two cubicles inside and I prayed one be empty ! I went to the toilet door and pushed it open with urgency. The other girl standing inside looked up at me and smiled.

"Hi didi (elder sister: a common phrase), how are you doing?" she said. I realized both the cubicles were occupied and she was the next in line. "I am great, how are things ?" we started to talk and chat about things as we waited in line. Somehow being near to relief made my need worse....very much worse. I did not understand how, but I suddenly realized I was very close to losing control. But here I was in front of another girl, junior to me, who was talking with me and I had to pretend everything was prefect. I tried to press my thighs and cross my legs discreetly but I had to take care that she did not realize I was close to bursting.

We stood there chatting for a good 3-4 mins as I was nearing my bursting point every second. Once I thought I should request her to let me go first but then,my pride took over. Surely I could hold it a little bit more ? A cubicle flushed and a girl came out as the first year girl slowly went in. "She didn't even need to go as bad as me" I groaned secretly to myself as I was now next in line. My phone started to ring....you were calling me...probably wanting me to hurry up...ahhh...why now ? I know I have to come quickly but I am so near an accident...I need to focus..cant pick your call now...I was in real agony...

Suddenly in the midst of all this panic, a spurt escaped my pussy lips and wet my panties. I gasped in horror but being so near relief somehow meant I was losing control much faster. Whats with me and toilet lines ? Whenever I stand in line for the restroom, I often leak a little...another spurt...this time almost a second...I could feel my panties getting wetter as I realized I had to swallow my pride and knock on the door to ask the girl to hurry up...I was in complete panic now. As another wave of desperation hit me, another spurt escaped...this time I could feel the first drops on my upper thigh. I was almost on the verge of tears...suddenly the cubicle flushed. The sound of the running water brought out another spurt that I quickly controlled...as I took a deep breath, the cubicle opened and one of our friends came out.

She smiled at me and tried to talk about something but I had no time. I mumbled "sorry, talk soon" and went in, not trying to show my extreme state of desperation. As I closed the door, I lost another spurt. I quickly pulled my jeans down and let out a gusher....on inspection I realized my panties were quite wet...and while my jeans didn't show any stains I was sure if I sat with those wet panties for sometime, my jeans would also become wet. So I told you I had to put on a prettier dress and I went quickly and got changed !! That was a real close call...dunno why, I can't really be in front of a toilet and wait for any reasonable amount of time...thats just how my mind and bladder works sometimes....well, hope you liked that one dear.....now remember, its just for you...so keep this a secret !! Shhhhh....

*006*2017-01-26 19:59

Part 3 : The Movie

###

This story was narrated to be my me ex over our many erotic phone conversations...this happened to her while she was at home and went out for a movie night. The rest is from her perspective...

###

So there was the regional language movie that was a rage in my home state then and everyone was raving about it. I was not really interested in it much but one of my cousins were and she kept pleading with me to come join her for the movie for a long time. Eventually I agreed...I had a long day running many errands at home and visiting a few relatives since I was at home for a short trip and didn't know how time flew through the day. By 4 pm I was pretty exhausted and then my cousin appears and reminds me the movie starts in a hour and we should get ready and go NOW. I didn't think much and set off. Once we reached the theater I felt pretty full and thought of a trip to the toilet but I was always shy and didn't want my cousin to know I had to go right after I came to the theater. We decided to grab some chips and soda and went inside. I figured during the intermission I could come and relieve myself.

Now heres the fun part. The film was around 1:45 mins and there was no intermission in the movie ! I kept waiting and waiting and even drank a lot of the soda while waiting for the intermission...after an hour and a quarter, I really was getting restless and quite desperate. Again, I didn't want to excuse myself form the middle of the movie and go to the restrooms so I waited as patiently as possible. My cousin was totally engrossed in the movie as I tried hard to keep my mind off my bursting bladder. Clamping my thighs together for the next 15 mins , I was unable to make any sense of what was going on and the only thing in my mind was to maintain my dignity and keep dry. Eventually the credits started to roll and I was relieved. getting up was a real pain and I dragged my cousins out of the theater only to see a large line at the ladies.

Also my uncle who was suppose to pick us up in his car had come already and I didn't want to derail us. I figured it would be short 10 min ride home and then I could relieve myself in peace. As I sat in the car, I realized it was a bad miscalculation...the road was not smooth and there were a lot of bumps, each of which now sent shivers down the body. My cousin meanwhile was raving about the movie and my uncle asked me something. I was so distracted then I didn't realize. My cousin told uncle "she's really bursting haha" and I was brought back to my senses. It was so embarrassing to admit my need to pee so badly in front of my uncle but I nodded my head and said it had been a long day and tried to make light of the situation.

As the car neared home, my desperation also seemed to peak as it realized relief was near. As the car pulled in I came out of the car but trying to maintain my etiquette half-walked half-ran inside. I had a salwar-kameez on which is a traditional indian dress that has a knot tied in the front of the pants which needs untying before urination. As I went inside home towards the toilet I was petrified to see some relatives had arrived to see me as I was leaving soon. My mother told me "Come here and touch their feet", which is a sign of respect in India. I was really in no position to bend down and do that but I could not show my desperation in front of so many elderly people.

As I bent down for the third time I felt the first spurt come out inspite of all my efforts and leak into my panties. I crossed my legs discreetly and had to sit down for a minute but it was pure torture. I felt my control slipping away as another spurt made its way out into my panties.I realized I was seconds away from wetting myself and then gathering all my courage I got up and said I was going to get some water and went inside to use the restroom. As soon as I entered my room I lost all external showings of etiquette and held my abdomen with a hand and lifted up the top of the dress so that I could start the untying process.

But when I turned the lock, there was someone inside the toilet ! It was pure torture as I was outside dying to pee, pee leaking out of me every few seconds. I was close to tears and knocked the bathroom door. Jus then the toilet flushed and an elderly grandma came out. Seeing me she started talking and smiling but I didn't have a second. I smiled and said I would come out soon just as I lost a longer spurt in my panties and could feel it come down my right thigh. The loose nature of the salwar (bottoms) really helped as more and more pee leaked out into my thighs but as the bottoms were loose they didn't really stain them.

As I untied the salwar a string steam of urine just burst though my defenses and my panties which were too soaked anyways and I slumped into the toilet in defeat pee gushing out of me through the panties. When I was done I tidied up as best as I could and put the panty in to the laundry basket and came out in the salwar which was only a little wet at the crotch but nothing much showed even though it was a big accident.

The most embarrassing moment was at night, when mom called me aside and said..."baby, what happened today evening ? ".....I feigned ignorance..."why ma ? what ?"..."Well, I was going to do laundry and the first time there was your panties....listen...you must use the restrooms if you need to go ok ? don't keep holding till the last minute ! " ...Now I had no answer...this was my mother telling me off, a 24 year old girl for having wet her panties...I blushed...she said "these things happen don't worry too much..." and we shared a laugh about it...:)

