Holiday fun

Author: kochel428

*000*2017-01-02 20:52

I'm always on the lookout for opportunities to wet myself in novel ways, and this holiday season offered two chances that I couldn't pass up.

First, I spent Christmas with my parents, and flew home a few days later. It's not a super long flight, but I had a beer at the airport before getting on the plane, and a bottle of water on the flight, so by the time we landed my bladder was quite full. I first really noticed this when I stood up and felt a strong twinge. By the time I'd gotten to baggage claim I was squirming, so I headed straight to the bathroom once my suitcase was in hand. I went into the stall, took off my coat, and then suddenly decided I'd rather go in my pants. I sat on the toilet without pulling down my jeans, and emptied my bladder. I was nervous, so it took a while, and multiple people came in and out of the bathroom, used the stalls next to me, etc., while I went about soaking myself.

By the time I was done, my crotch was very wet, and my butt was totally soaked. It felt delicious, and I rocked back and forth for a while, feeling my cock slip around inside my pants. I thought about letting myself come in my pants right there, but I knew I'd enjoy the trip home more if I were still horny. I put my coat back on, a three-quarter length topcoat that fortunately covered my butt, and awkwardly washed my hands before going to find the bus.

I had flown into an airport I didn't use often, so I asked a pilot I saw hanging around about the best bus options from there. I took the bus to the train, and helped some very pretty German tourists with their big suitcase at the subway turnstile. I don't think any of them noticed my wet crotch, but it felt amazing knowing what was under my coat while I talked to them.

I made it home in about an hour, without further incident, but I did dribble a little more on the train. All in all quite a pleasurable event. It's made me notice a pattern in my activities – I love getting myself into a situation like that without planning, and just having to work it out. It makes it doubly exciting.

###

The second event happened on New Year's Eve. My girlfriend and I planned a nice meal for the evening (going out on New Year's Eve is a nightmare in the city), and in order to get started early enough, we decided to go grocery shopping in the mid afternoon. I had spent the time since lunch drinking tea and catching up on some work, so when my girlfriend announced it was time to go and started putting on her shoes, I said, "Hang on, I really need to pee before we leave." She arched her eyebrow at me and said, "Oh I don't think we have time for that." She filled up a glass of water and handed it to me. "Drink up!" she ordered. I drained the glass and put on my shoes and coat, and we were out the door.

We have to take the subway to get to Whole Foods (normally we shop at a grocery store around the corner, but this was a special meal), and the store was quite packed with people preparing for the holiday. As we shopped, my girlfriend would occasionally ask me how I was doing, and she seemed pleased at my increasing urgency as the shopping trip went on. By the time we were waiting in line to check out, I was squirming. Seeing the state I was in, she announced we would need to stop at the wine store nearby before we headed home.

At the wine store she dilly-dallied but finally picked out a bottle of red and a bottle of champagne. It drove me crazy to have to stand there and wait, but we finally left the shop. On the way to the train she pulled me down a less-populated side street. "How badly do you have to go?" she asked me again. "Really really badly," was all I could muster. I was starting to feel like I'd probably leak on the train if I didn't get to go soon. "Good," she said, "I want you to make yourself comfortable now." I looked at her incredulously. "How much do you want me to go?"

"Make a puddle," she said.

I let go, and immediately flooded my pants. Within ten seconds or so, the piss had reached my knees, and a few seconds later it was starting to pool between my feet. "That's enough," she said, and took my hand, pulling me back to the main street and toward the train. I was shaking, and still needed to pee like crazy. My crotch was warm but my legs were rapidly getting cold. As we stopped at the curb to wait for the light, she asked me whether I was comfortable yet. I confessed that I was still very uncomfortable, so she ordered me to get comfortable before we got on the train. There were a number of people around, but I had no choice but to make another puddle right where I was standing. I pissed for a good 30 seconds before she gave me a kiss and said, "Good job, let's go now." Glancing back as we crossed the street, I saw a wet patch on the curb where I had been standing that was maybe 18 inches wide.

Only a few minutes later, once we were on the train, I found myself squirming once again. I pleaded to be allowed to pee some more, but my girlfriend would have none of it. Instead, we had to get off the train one stop early and walk home from there. In the chilly air, we passed down an empty side street. "All right, kneel down here and tie your shoe," she said. Once I was in position, she said, "Now you're not allowed to get up until your bladder is empty."

I didn't need anymore prompting, and let loose. It took me several minutes to, uh, tie my shoe. When I was finally finished, I felt much relieved, and the new puddle I had made stretched out about three feet wide.

By the time I got home I was quite cold, but fortunately my girlfriend joined me for a very warm shower.

*002*2017-01-03 20:22

Thank you! I thought so too...

