Jogging Panty Drying Adventure (with Pictures)

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-07-18 23:29

I was recently travelling around the UK with my lovely husband and at times, some of his family. I spent a lot of time with the in-laws and used to afternoon or evening jogs as a way of giving me some ‘me’ time. As you all know, that very often means a little bit of wetting fun.

To on one afternoon, when the hubby and I were travelling alone north of Manchester, I decided to go for a little jog in the countryside. There was a lovely forested path not too far from our Air B&B, and I went out jogging in the forest a number of afternoons.

Most of you will know by now that I have a tendency to leak a little while running, and this is particularly the case when doing impact training or running on very uneven ground. To avoid this I have a black quick dry running skort and always use the bathroom before I jog. If I’m in a gym (which isn’t too often), I’ll slip a pad into my panties as well.

On this particular jog, I decided I would forgo all these precautions, and have a little wetting fun. So I pulled on one of my favorite pairs of panties, my pink Ariel Little Mermaid panties, and put a regular white short pleated skirt overtop of them. On top I was wearing a regular sports bra and tank top. When I left the Air B&B, my bladder was at about a 6 and was feeling pretty full. I almost had that sloshy feeling you get when working out with a full bladder. I knew that my pink panties were not going to stay dry for long.

This was my first time exploring the path, so I wasn’t sure how busy it was going to be. It turned out that on this day, I only passed a couple of people, most of them teens who were mountain biking and an elderly couple who was dog walking. The path system had lots of paths and branches and I looked out for landmarks to avoid getting lost. This was a small UK forest but I didn’t feel like getting too turned around.

Anyhow, I started jogging down the street and turned into the trailhead. I jogged for a little ways before I went down the first little gully and felt spurts of pee escaping into my panties with every impactful strive. By the time I reached the bottom, I felt as though my panties were thoroughly sodden. I got to enjoy the sensuous feeling of warm wet fabric quickly cooling against your most intimate parts.

I look around and down at my legs. I was still alone in the forest at this point, and there was only a little tear-drop trickle of pee running down my thigh. I brushed this aside, and continued jogging.

The pressure from the running was dramatically increasing my need to pee, and I was starting to feel uncomfortable. At this point, going up a small incline, I was overtaken by a couple of mountain-biking teens. I had that quick thrill one gets when it is possible that a stranger glimpsed up one’s skirt (given the incline of the hill, my running motion, the shortness of my skirt and the angle of approach of the cyclists). My already quick heart rate increased just a little. At first this was only on account of their possibly seeing my panties, but it only took me another second to realize that those panties were noticeably wet. Rational Rachel calculated that they teens were probably concentrating on going up the hill, but also that they were teen boys and I know how their minds work.

I continued on, winding my way through the beautiful forest. Enjoying the feeling of running; not quite enjoying the full feeling of my bladder or the damp rubbing of my wet panties.

After a short while, I approached another steep downward section of the path, I paused at the top, evaluating my bladder’s situation. It was sitting at an uncomfortable 8 and I knew that jogging down this hillock would certainly result in more leaks, regardless of my efforts to ‘bear down.’ So, after a moment’s pause, I pressed on, and instead of bearing down in order to hold back the leaks, I tried to relax. I say tried as it is pretty hard to relax anything while jogging down a steep decline.

Now, with each hard step, instead of the usual small spurt, I was releasing serious spurts into my wet panties. I could feel the warm liquid hitting my inner thighs and knees. By the time I reached the bottom of the short hill, I was basically completely releasing my bladder. I stopped, spread my legs so that the pee would not run down my legs and get into my socks and shoes, and continued to wet my panties. I looked down and appreciated the small puddle growing under my on the hard-packed path, and the drizzling sound of the pee hitting the ground.

Despite my previous leaks, I peed for about 40 seconds, and while I did so, I kept my head on a swivel in case I was interrupted. My sodden panties continued drip on the ground long after I had finished and finally bore down. After about two minutes of standing there dripping, I heard people approaching, and so I gave my butt a little wiggly shake to dislodge any other droplets, and continued to jog.

My panties were not sufficiently dry and I could feel little droplets splashing against my legs as I jogged. I’m not a stranger to jogging in wet panties, but I wanted to have some more fun. After I passed the elderly couple who were walking their dog and would have spotted me standing in my shameful puddle had I not moved, stopped to deal with the ‘situation.’

$$

I then pulled off my panties and inspected the damage. They were pretty soaked. I then used my skirt to dry my legs and girl parts. I now was faced with the dilemma of what to do. I decided to hang my panties up on a tree branch in the sun to dry, and pick them up on my way back. I could just as easily pulled them back on, but I was also excited about the possibility of exhibitionistically leaving them out to dry. The odd passer-by would know that someone had shamefully wet their panties.

$$

So I artfully hung them on a branch to dry, and snapped some pictures for you perverts. I ended up flipping them around so that Ariel was visible, she is super cute after all. After appreciating my little wet panty ‘kite’ stuck in a tree, I continued on my jog.

$$

I took about a 30 minute look and only had a couple more smaller leaks on steeper sections. On these occasions, with no panties to catch them, the droplets splashed out and hit my legs, skirt and the ground. I felt incredibly naughty jogging without panties, and very much enjoyed the feeling of the wind against my wet girl parts.

$$

$$

I eventually looped around and returned to where my panties had been hanging. Or at least the general environs as to where they should have been hanging. They were not there.

I ran back along the path for a couple hundred meters in each direction, just to check if I had the correct place, but my panties were nowhere to be found. I even checked my phone, lined up the photos with the same section of the path, and checked the undergrowth around where the panties had been hung. Still no panties.

So I suspect one of three possible things occurred:

1) An enterprising squirrel found my skivvies and re-purposed them as a nest. At least any bedwetting baby squirrels will be able to blame stains on the bedding.

2) A helpful and environmentally conscious citizen recovered my underwear and disposed of them properly, I was in a way littering with them, and don’t litter.

3) Or, some perverted someone spotted my drying panties, and took them home with them for some salacious end.

Anyhow, I am fortunate because I still have a pair of these back at home, as I bought multiple packs, and I did buy a ton of new panties on my trip. I do have other stories about these panties from earlier in the trip, so stay tuned for these.

When I got back to the Air B&B, my husband didn’t even ask why I was not wearing panties. After a quick shower he did get all kinds of laid.

Hope you enjoyed!

Rach

P.S. if you ever want to own a pair of my panties that have been worn and/or wet (like a squirrel or forest pervert), check out my website and get in touch!

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

*004*2018-07-19 18:13

{{16 hours ago, JetStreamPhoto said:

@rachelkirwan

That was a terrific account of a fun time!

As I just did a jog and wetting yesterday, I can totally relate to so many parts of your experience and love how you wrote about it. It would be so incredible to find a fun partner for jogging to share moments like these. Nothing more than a 'running partner' who just enjoys similar fetish. That would be amazing.

Keep up the great work - been an admirer of your postings since I joined!

}}

Aww thanks! And yeah, it's amazing how something which would be embarrassing at work could just be acceptable while working out. Like those weight-lifters who pee and don't give a damn.

*007*2018-07-20 17:41

{{23 hours ago, Omocutie said:

Great story, I've been dying to try wetting whilst jogging, it sounds so exciting, but I live in a city and I'm sure I'd be spotted! Shame about the pants too, they're cute.

}}

Well it happens to a huge number of people. I'd say just go out and do it. Accidents happen. I usually will soak myself only when I'm jogging out in like serious rain. Start with this maybe?

{{22 hours ago, nappypants said:

I hope they found a deserving owner

Maybe try the same thing with a nappy/pull-up!

}}

Ah I've tried jogging with a pullup and they rub uncomfortably.

*009*2018-07-20 22:33

{{1 hour ago, jj2jjj said:

Brilliant story as always Rachel. How do you find diaper/pad disposal at an Airbnb? My girlfriend and I have had a few interesting encounters from hosts asking us to not use the outside bins and so having to be creative, and in one case a host walking in to show us how the radiator worked and us realising a pullup was on the floor...

Still, we get top reviews

}}

Ah good question, well I've become pretty adept at bringing my own bags and smuggling diapers out of places in my purse for disposal in public trashcans. Pads are not a problem. I don't think I'd had a host notice my diapers. I did bring disposable pads to put down for sexy times and at night and these sometimes need replacing...

Also that is a super embarrassing situation! I'm dying to know what kind of pullup!

*011*2018-07-21 20:06

{{3 hours ago, nappypants said:

I meant leaving your wet nappy/pull-up in a public place like that and seeing if there are any takers

}}

Oh my!

*012*2018-08-01 20:49

Well, I just sold the last pair of these pink beauties, but I still have other little mermaid panties left For more naughtiness

*019*2022-04-10 07:09

{{On 3/30/2022 at 2:43 AM, KarenWets said:

Wow, you are a brave girl @rachelkirwan

!

I am thinking a lot about ways to kind of provoke an accident. What you did seems really hot. Wish I had the guts to do that...

}}

Thanks hun! I tell you, skirts are a wonder for discreet public wettings!

{{On 4/5/2022 at 2:14 PM, Shaved Monkey said:

Thank you very much

}}

Glad you liked them

