Wetting after a walk- with pics and video

Author: Bisonwin

*000*2021-03-28 17:25

Yesterday I decieded to go for a walk with a mate of mine, about 10.5 mile walk from my house to the nature trail we walk around and back (including the trail.) Usually when we go for our walks I take plenty to drink- usually way too much water and a case form the shop we meet up at. I peed before leaving as I wasnt planning on doing anything when we were out and then headed down to meet up with him (I had drank about 2L of water and a mug of decaf which is about average for me some days).

Since this is the first time Iv kept any images instead of deleting them right away iI have marked each image/video (and my breif description of myself) as a spoiler and marked what they are since I know not everyone wants to see/read that- there is no nudity in any of them but some are more revealing than others

Breif description of me-

Spoiler

Im about 6ft tall with a darker ginger hair and a trimmed beard, I was wearing blue jeans that have lighened with age with one of the sort of canvis belts without the holes, I had a black t-shirt on under a dark blue shirt with a thick green jacket on (was a winday day and forcast for rain.) I had a sort of eletric blue pair of boxers on, burgandy socks and an old pair of sneakers that I mainly use for walks nowadays

Nothing of note really happens untill we are heading back- a lot of uncomfertable conversation because of the topics that came up and my leg really started to hurt. About 6 miles in as we were heading back I had a bottle of water (about 500ml.) On the way back (because of the topics that came up) he ended up asking me about my fetishes- I ended up awkwardly telling him about this one and they seemed alright with it but it did make me more hesitant to stop us for a piss since the water was flowing though me faster than usual.

Despite most of the walk being downhill or flat on the way back this usually pitiful amount of water was weighing heavy on me, Im sure to some degree because of my leg. I was pobably closer to a 4 but it felt closer to a 7 somehow, when we were walking along the long flat before we would split ways to walk home. I ended up climbing back up the hill to my house and my need did disperse for a while as I kept slackening my belt slightly- the rain started kicking in a bit but was more just annoying.

I threw myself back in the house and got my bag onto my chair to rummage for my phone when I suddenly spiked to a 9. I had a death grip on my bits as I grabbed my phone as I basically jogged in place. I put my phone down for a second as I go to slip my shoes off and I feel the absolutely tiniest spirt sneak its way out. I rushed upstair to my room to charge my phone, after getting it in place I went to check the "damage" I'v never unintentionally leaked nevermind while sober so I was in disbelief that it happened and fankly wanted to confirm if it had happened.

I pulled down my jeans in the shower a bit and there was a tiny pinprick of a drop on the outside of my boxers and a *slightly* larger spot inside, I felt a bit devious so I pulled my belt as tight as it would go and turned my PC on- as it was booting I went downstairs to grab one of the cans I had taken with me and basically downed it during this. I was planning on ordering some food in, so I sit down on the floor (I dont have a desk) and started browsing my usual choices for Pizza.

I was planning on ordering from a nearby chain but they needed a phone number and I dont have my mobile memorised so I browsed some more while my phone woke up. Eventually it kicks back to life and I check it out on there but deside against it, I head downstairs and grab a second can. I decide against going with the chain in the end because I remembered a deal a local place does that much better, I place my order and I get to the payment option and im wiggiling a lot at this point- then I remeber they dont take Paypal. 

I had to get up again and go back downstairs to get my wallet. I flop back onto the floor and start trying to put my card details in but im slightly shaking and so distracted with holding that I completely mess it up, I keep switching between sitting cross legged to crouched to resting on my knees. Just as im getting it right the second time I feel 3 really strong leaks spirt out of me. I panic slightly and hit enter- it accepts it an it says it will be with me in 50 or so minutes- great.

I rush to the bathroom again and hop in the shower to assess the wetness- there was a 2p sized wet patch visible on my right thigh and a few smaller patches that wouldnt be visible from the front

(Jeans Exterior)

Spoiler

$$

(Underwear)

Spoiler

$$

I pulled up my jeans after taking the pictures and pulled my belt tight again and went down to the kitchen as I couldnt just sit idly by after such a leak, I stepped up to the sink, grabbed a big glass and downed two refreshing glasses of water. I was feeling a nice 8/10 and went back upstair to my room to do some browsing as I passed the time. Eventually the desperation crept back up to a 9 and after checking my phone was charged enough for some filming I darted back into the shower to film this.

Spoiler

Wetting Trimmed.mp4

I ended up grabbing the top of the shower for mild support and sticking my left hand in my pocket to give myself room to actually release- I tend to find whatever way I end up resting kinda plugs the tip of my urethra a bit and makes wetting a bit painful and slow- I also turned my knees outward more in an attempt to have it show up on camera a bit better but the lighting just wasnt there for it

The next bits mainly going to be pictures

Heres some pictures of the aftermath- Jeans

Spoiler

$$

$$

Boxers (Still being worn- theres also a live version of it if itll work)

Spoiler

$$

PP- Worn Underwear LIVE.MOV

Boxers (on the floor)

Spoiler

$$

After taking the pictures I put the underwear back on backwards and I was planning on trying to create a big wet patch on the rear aswell (after a bit of fun) but just as I was about to start releasing I hear a knock at the door. My food arived early, I was only in my underwear. I bolt into my room and grab some clothes I had been lounging in before and basically flung them on as I ran down the stairs. I have no idea how noticable anything was (probably not too much given it was a storm outside and everything was hidden) but my heart was pounding out of my chest as I got my food and drink. I rushed them into the kitchen as quick as I could, got back to the bathroom and let out what I could from my bladder into the backside of my boxers while sitting on the toilet. I gave the boxers a rinse off in the sink and bundled everything I was wearing that day into a pile, changed into the pajamas Id worn the night before then put everything in for a wash while I went and had my food.

*002*2021-03-30 17:47

{{On 3/28/2021 at 7:48 PM, SilverSnake said:

That sounds like such a good time!

}}

Honestly the walk wasnt the best, but everything after that was fun- just wish I had the clothes I threw on prepared since I knew something like that would happen, lol

*006*2021-03-31 18:50

{{19 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Nice!! Sounds like an excellent time. Nice video btw.

}}

Thanks- Im still annoyed the lighting wasnt a bit better since the pictures taken with the flash on really showed the wetness off better, the live pic when transfering them over is personally my favourite

