Double Desperation in The Library

Author: ItsKayla

*000*2019-04-21 14:00

Hey guys! Its Kayla here, and this happened several days ago so I thought you guys wanted to know about it.

I am currently taking a university course and the lecturer told us we had to pair up in groups of 4 to do a project. After we knew the topic we had to do lots of research, so my group(2 guys and 2 girls) decided to head to the library on a day after dinner to discuss and research about it.

Short description phrase: I am 19 this year, about 5’2 in height and 95lbs in weight. I have long blonde hair. Before setting off I dressed myself in a bra and a casual top, red panties and a pair of black yoga pants as I have no other pants to wear lol. I put my computer and some writing paper in my bag and set off to meet my friend.

The bus journey was about half an hour long. After sitting down with my friend at the bus stop I noticed a twinge in my bladder and I realised my need was about a 6/10. I could definitely hold it until the library, and then I’ll relieve myself there, I thought. I didn’t give it much care and sat in the casual crossed-legged female sitting position and chatted with my friend.

After about 15 minutes around 6.45pm the bus come. My need had risen to a 7/10 and I was getting quite squirmy. I found a seat and sat down next to my friend and started subtly squirming in crossed legs to help me deal with the urge. Traffic was okay and we reached there in 25 minutes, my need has risen to an 8.5/10. I was surprised I haven’t leaked yet. Once the bus pulled over I told myself relief was near and immediately leaked a few drops of pee into my panties. Instinctively I crossed my legs and grabbed myself, the sudden movement caused my friend to ask me what was wrong. I said I was really desperate for the bathroom and quickly got off the bus.

We found my other project mates and we went into the library to find a seat. I had to walk slowly because of my really full bladder. When we passed the ladies my bladder suddenly contracted and I lost another spurt into my panties. To my dismay I also noticed there was a short line so relief wasn’t near. After putting down my stuff on a table and stepping from foot to foot in desperation I told my friends to wait for me as I really needed a wee. I then made my way to the bathroom.

I joined the line at the back. As I am at the back I had the privacy to squirm and pee dance. I discreetly crossed and uncrossed my legs and grabbed my crotch, and as somebody flushed I leaked more. Finally it was my turn and I entered a stall bursting with desperation. I locked the door and fumbled with my tight leggings, losing yet more leaks into my already wet panties. Finally I sat on the toilet and peed, the relief felt so amazing. I sat there for more than a minute listening to the pee hissing out of my body. A thought then occurred to me to do a hold during the meeting as I drank a ton of water before this and did not want to miss this good opportunity. I wiped myself and put on my wet panties and went back to find my friends.

Time passes really fast when we are not noticing it. In about 2 hours we were done with the project. I told the rest I had something else to do and they should go first, but in reality I wanted to do a hold. It was about 9.15pm and my need was at a 7. They left and I started watching my anime to let my bladder fill. I planned to make a mad dash for the bathroom when I knew I was leaking horribly and about to lose it so I chugged more water down.

At about 10.10pm my need was at a straight 10 and I was leaking and spurting, doing whatever I could to hold it in. I stood up with my legs scissored to keep my laptop and squirming and grabbing my crotch occasionally. I carried my bag and hobbled as fast as I could to the bathroom. To my horror, the queue was longer than when I first arrived! Having no choice, I joined the queue and cursing my luck for this misfortune. I was pee dancing as discreetly as possible in line but the leaks kept moving. After moving forward about 3 times I noticed pee was flowing out in a steady stream and nothing I could do to stop it. I then realised I was on the verge of wetting myself in public.

I decided to go out of the library and pee somewhere. I clenched my muscles as hard as I possibly could and left the line and out of the library, begging myself to please not pee, please wait a little longer. Luckily for me there was an empty grass patch that was really dark to the left of the library. As relief was near I had a 3 second leak. I felt my bum going warm and wet and the wetness was spreading to my right thigh and the front of my leggings. I wanted to walk deeper into the grass patch for more privacy, but my bladder did not agree. Right after I took a step into the grass my bladder decided to give way. I tried to hold it back for a while longer, but to no avail. The floodgates opened and warm pee cascaded down my tightly crossed legs and my hand. I could only stand there in shock and relief, as I felt the wet spot grow on my leggings. I moaned softly in relief after that.

That was really unexpected, I only wanted the feeling of desperation and I did not prepare for the long queue, and led to this semi-public accident. After that I tied my jacket round my waist to partially hide my massive wet spot that was gleaming on my skin and I took the bus home.

So that’s all guys, hope you liked it! I wish I can have more accidents and share them here. Stay tuned!

Kayla

