Work Out Wetting

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2016-06-09 06:13

(Note: This didn't happen yesterday, I found this on my computer from a while back ad apparently forgot to post it, silly me, I hope you enjoy)

This isn't one of my mega-lengthy experience, but I wanted to share with you all something that happened this afternoon. I have been trying to lose a little weight and work out, it seems to be that time of the year, and I decided to expand my usual jogging workout routine to include some more active content, and decided to do some stair running and burpees.

I felt a little like I was going out to meet my hardcore boot camp drill instructor when I dressed, even though I was only going out on my own. I hydrated, drinking a whole glass of water, and then dress. I wore a tight pair of black lycra panties, and because I was planning on pushing myself, I slipped in a Poise pad (Light Absorbency, Ultra Thin, the ones in the soft purple fabric packs). I haven't had too many issues with my bladder lately, but I do sometime experience stress leaks when I push myself hard, and today I wanted to push myself hard.

I pulled on top of these a pair of black lightweight jogging shorts, and on my feet some knee high black socks. I didn't feel like wearing sweat pants, but still wanted to be warm, cause you know it's damn chilly out. On top I had on a grey sports bra, with a tank top over that, and on top, a red long sleep running shirt (one of the sort of wick the sweat away shirts I don't know what the material is). I pulled on a toque and grabbed my watch to time myself and my headphones and phone to rock out to some serious 80s work out music while I was working out. I also grabbed one of those water bottles with the handle in the (so you can grip it while running).

This equipped I bid the hubby adieu and went for a good job. It was a little drizzly out but otherwise not too bad, and I warmed up quickly. I put in about 30 minutes of jogging and ended up at a set of stairs I have previously used for this purpose. After catching my breath and fiddling with my phone, I ran stairs for 8 minutes. I took a break, finished my water (which I left at the bottom of the stairs while I was running them), and got ready to do another round of 8 minutes of stairs.

At this stage my bladder felt a little full, about 5 five, but I didn't worry as I was planning on running only a few more stairs and then it was home. I forgot about my bladder and hit the stairs once more.

I was hurting at this point as I've been a bit of a blob over the holiday (see my posts on holding and paying with pee and stuff for like 10 hours at a time), and I was really sucking air as I hit the top of the stairs at the 4 minute mark.

I kept going, concentrating on getting my feet on each step and was down and then up one more time. I paused at the top to take in the view for a second. Feeling triumphant and buoyed on by the pumping tunes I hurried down hard and abandoning reason jumped the last 5 or so steps to land, legs slightly apart, knees bent, at the bottom of the stairs. As I did so I felt a whoosh and a flood of wetness in my panties. The shock of landing had caused my bladder to void a considerable amount of pee.

I immediately looked around to see if anyone had noticed, and there were few people around. While I'd been running the stairs I had only encountered a couple of people, which was fortunate. I then inspected the damage. The pad, which despite being one called light absorbency, is still a Poise pad and caught most of the pee, but I did feel a little bit on the inside of my right thigh. I felt my shorts and the only damp there was from my sweat. I still have another minute of work out, so despite the now slightly swollen wet pad between my legs I did another few minutes of stairs and then stopped. I felt a little uncomfortable as the wet pad was rubbing a little on the side of my leg, my running and sweat must have caused it shift a little or something.

I was now faced with a dilemma, I didn't want a rash, but there was nowhere to change nearby. And I wasn't going to pull my pants down and take a wet pad out of my panties in the open. And yes I could have found some bushes or trees nearby, but I didn't want to, I was feeling a little naughty (as my heart rate had risen and my face blushed considerably at the time of my accident. I therefore decided to have a little fun on the way home, and further decided that I would walk home to avoid chaffing and because I was super tired at this point anyhow. Stairs totally wreck my legs.

It was about a 15 minute walk home from where I was jogging, maybe a little less, but walking that was about 25 minutes, depending on how fast you walked. And the walk goes past houses, and a couple of pubs and shops and is quite nice, especially if you go along the river, which isn't really out of the way.

So picking up my water bottle and texting my husband to let him know I was going to be later than I expected, I set about walking. Did I mention that I was having naughty thoughts. I quickly worked out a plan for some wetting fun, and set about putting it into action. I was still about a 5 on the desperation scale, but I pretended that it was more like an 8, and set about walking quickly home.

Pretending you are desperate isn't too hard if you are standing still and holding yourself and wiggling on a crowded train car, but the difference between a desperate person and a person walking quickly to get home is actually not very significant (unless you are holding yourself, which I was not doing at this stage). So wanting to make things a little more interesting, I popped into the first pub along the way, which wasn't too far away, and asked for them to fill my water bottle. The guy at the bar probably would have said no unless I hadn't flashed him a winning smile (being a girl doesn't hurt in these situations).

I thanked him and headed on my way. I quickly downed my water bottle as I was pretty thirsty. I walked some more, letting the water work its way through my system for the next 10 minutes. I kept myself entertained by trying to do subtle things that would make me appear desperate (hand creeping towards my crotch, wiggling and doing a pee pee dance on the street corner while waiting to cross, things like that). After 10 minutes I was legitimately at about a 6 and possibly a 7, and certainly feeling the need to pee.

I decided to look for the next store and pretend to need the loo desperately. I would have visited a pub, but this would have been too easy, as with most pubs, you can simply walk in and use the loo and no one would mind.

I didn't spot anything for a couple of blocks but up around the corner was an Asda, and so I decided to try there. Mustering up my courage and trying to psych my level of desperation up from a 7 to a 9, I headed in to the store. It wasn't one of those big box shops (which have public washrooms), but rather a little corner store variety Asda. I entered and did a quick lap, walking quickly and looking around for a washroom. There were of course no public washroom, and so I headed to the cashier. I almost lost my nerve at this point as there was a line, but I was feeling the exhibitionistic rush and decided to stick it out.

I got in line behind an elderly gentleman and a young 'hoodie.' At the cash, a middle-ages woman was buying some cigarettes with her purchase and taking a while. I stood, and did my best impression of someone desperate to pee and waiting to ask the cashier to use theirs.

I started small, crossed my legs and wiggled a little. The lady was still selecting her cigarettes. I crossed and then uncrossed my legs, and looked around nervously. The people in the line and a couple other customers in the shop were completely ignoring me, as people tend to do to one another in the UK.

I uncrossed my legs and did a little pee pee dance, shifting my weight from one leg to the next and bobbing up and down. I tried to be both subtle while at the same time making sure I wasn't too subtle. The middle-aged woman paid and headed out, passing a sideways glance at me as she did. I blushed and almost immediately stopped my pee pee dance, and stood normally for a while. I quickly realized what I was doing and continued the game. I crossed my legs and held my water bottle at waist level. My hand slowly strayed to between my legs behind the cover of the water bottle, but I didn't hold myself.

I was totally wrapped up in my own world and I had no idea what the elderly gentleman was buying, though he had quite a basket of things. I went back to my pee pee dance and looked up to see the young hoodie (I just love this term, it just means like young teenage boy, but like a sort of punk type, a very British term), in front of me looking at me staring. I blushed and my heart rate went right up.

Adrenaline was now pumping through my legs, and since I wasn't actually all that desperate, this was a rare occasion when I could appreciate what was going on around me while I was doing my desperate pee pee dance, as usually I tend to not absorb what's going on around me very well when I'm totally bursting. I felt a little sexy rubbing my legs together with my knee high socks.

The boy was looking at me, overtly starting, as I did a more frantic pee pee dance. I daren't hold myself with him looking, but a naughty part of me wanted to. I decided to give him a pleading look, to see if he might let me go ahead of him, and tried, staring back at him. He quickly looked away and headed to the cashier as the older gentleman was done and walking out (without a glance in my direction). The young man was at the cash but the cashier looked past him to me. Apparently some sort of age or gender discrimination was working in my favour, as the cashier, who was a 40 something east Indian gentlemen looked at me, and asked, very clearly:

"Can I help to miss?"

The hoodie and I were both taken aback, but the young man seemed to take it in stride, it was apparently very clear that I was going to ask to use a washroom, as I did not have any purchases with me. I was suddenly shy and my mouth was dry, and I suppose I paused too long, as the cashier asked again.

"Can I help you with anything?"

Blushing (which was the whole point of this adventure), I replied "Can I use your loo please?"

Apologetically he replied, "I'm sorry, we don't have one for customers, why don't you try the pub down the street" and he pointed down the street in the direction of my home. Of course I knew there was a washroom at the pub, and so there wasn't much I could do at this stage. I thought, for a second, about begging to use the employee washroom, but I knew how close the washroom in the pub was (like half a block) and I could feel the eyes of the cashier and young man on me. So I decided to make the best of it, and thanked the cashier. Continuing the charade of being desperate, the second I had thanked him I grabbed myself between the legs with one hand (this time with both of them watching), and took off, running again down the street towards the pub. I should say that I was not so much running fully, as hobbling along with a hand between my legs. After a few meters from the Asda entrance I let my hand go and kept my hurried pace up to the pub.

Halfway there I looked behind me and I saw the hoodie walking down the same sidewalk in the same direction. Now I had to go into the pub with him watching, and so I did. It was one of those larger Greenking pubs and I simply walked in and, still feigning desperation, this time with my hand back between my legs, I spotted the washroom and hurried in.

My heart was pounding, partly from the fast walk and partly from the rush of asking for a washroom in front of strangers. I was a little disappointed because part of me really wished I had been desperate. the washroom was empty and had three stalls. I picked the one furthest from the door and went in. I quickly decided to elaborate on my plan, as this was as far as I'd thought out. I sat there and peed into the toilet.

What's so special about this you might ask, so as to warrant my sharing it with you all? Well, I'll tell you :) I didn't pull down my panties or shorts. I just peed right there into the toilet through my panties. I could feel and hear the pee hissing out of me. The pad absorbed quite a bit but the pee ran down between my labia and out my bum, and up the pad to spill out along the seams between my legs in the front. Because I'd not had a tonne of water, my pee was dark yellow and it made little beads as it poured out. I saw a dark patch spread across the crotch of my shorts, though most of it went onto my bum.

The fabric of my shorts is such that it didn't give too much away. When I was done I used toilet paper to dry my shorts as best I could, I didn't pull them down or do anything about my panties. I did push on my panties and I could feel that the pad was soaked and at full capacity. I decided to leave it on and my heart racing, I composed myself as best I could and walked out. I didn't wash my hands, or do anything else, I just walked out and hurried home. I didn't see the young man on the street but I felt invisible eyes watching me as I hurriedly walked the last 5 minutes home.

After greeting my hubby I hurried into the washroom and showered. I snapped a shot of my panties for you all as well.

$$

Hope you enjoyed my experience, it's as bold as I've been in a while.

