My first real accident

Author: tomcatt

*000*2019-02-11 22:04

Starting off strong, I guess, with a story from real life.

I had the day off today, so I decided to do a hold. I woke up and didn't take my morning pee, and decided to start holding from there. I used a bladder challenge game from Tumblr to do the hold, and I'll outline the steps and describe what happened as I go.

1. Empty your bladder, you are going to need it.

I didn't do that step. I decided starting off at a 3/10 would make things interesting.

2. Drink 8 oz of water.

3. Wait 10 minutes.

This wasn't too hard. I could feel some urge to pee but it wasn't so bad, just a little annoying. I started to catch up on some reading.

4. Drink 16 oz of water (take as much time as you need)

This took me a little while because I got distracted after the first 8oz. But, I finished it.

5. Wait 5 minutes.

6. Do 15 jumping jacks.

I still didn't really have to pee too badly, maybe a 4/10 now. I could feel my bladder bounce a little every time I did a jumping jack.

7. Wait 5 minutes.

8. Drink 8 oz of water.

9. Do 10 squats.

The squats weren't too difficult.

10. Wait 5 minutes.

11. Ingest a form of sodium (ex. 5 saltine crackers).

This is when it really started to hit me. I ate 10 cheez-its and waited a couple minutes while reading, and the need spiked from 4/10 to 6/10 really fast. I started to get a tiny bladder bump, but it wasn't firm yet.

12. Do 10 curl ups.

13. Do 15 jumping jacks.

14. Listen to running water for 5 minutes.

Listening to the running water made me go up to a 7/10. I could just picture the relief of peeing, and emptying my stretched bladder. I was figiting a little bit, but not too much.

15. Wait 10 minutes.

During this time my bladder started to feel heavy. I sat down (which made it worse!!) And did a little bit of peephole sounding. When the 10 minutes were up and I took out the sound, I leaked about 2 drops of pee involuntarily. My bladder contracted and I almost peed more, but I didn't.

16. Chug 8oz of water.

17. Jog in place for 30 seconds.

I could feel my heavy bladder bounce with every step, pressing all the pent up pee against my peehole. I was definitely at an 8/10. The pee from the night before was really making it hard to hold, as I'd been without peeing for over 12 hours now.

18. Do a split as far as you can for 20 seconds.

I can actually do a full spilt. Going all the way down, it compressed my bladder and I leaked about two more drops of pee.

19. Wait 5 minutes.

20. Push on your bladder for 15 seconds.

My bulge was bigger now, there was some resistence while I pressed on it but my swollen bladder wasn't yet solid to the touch.

21. Sit on the toilet fully clothed for 1 minute.

Being so close but so far from relief was such a tease!

22. Drink 16 oz of water.

23. Wait 5 minutes.

It had taken me about 10 minutes to drink the 16 oz, and by this point I was a solid 9/10. My heavy, overstuffed bladder was getting to be firm to the touch, being stretched out so nicely. I felt so full and good.

24. Injest sodium.

I got to 10/10 a couple minutes after I did this. My bladder was bursting full, I couldn't stand up straight without it hurting, and essentially anything I did painfully cut into my swollen pee filled bladder, which was bulging noticably even through my pants. I hobbled to the bathroom after this so that if I started to wet myself, I'd be in a place with easy clean up.

25. Do 15 curl ups.

I laid down on the bathroom floor, sending a shooting pain through my bursting bladder. I leaked hard twice throughout, but I did the 15 sit ups.

26. Jog in place for 1 minute

My huge, round, heavy bladder bounced up and down while I ran. It was so full of pee, I thought I would burst any second. I was afraid of it actually rupturing, but it held strong. I rubbed my bladder tenderly to soothe it, but it was so full and big, rubbing did nothing to calm the torrent of piss pent up inside my bladder.

27. Do 15 jumping jacks.

I leaked a little bit for every jumping jack, only a few drops, but it made it so hard to hold. My bladder bulge was cutting deep into my pants, so I took them off, but kept on my briefs. They were wet from all the leaking, but my bladder didn't feel any more empty. More and more pee was being crammed into it by the second, and it was the fullest I've ever gotten it

28. Wait 5 minutes, no crossing your legs or holding yourself.

I could barely do this. Every time I even slightly relaxed my muscles, a leak would shoot out of me. I couldn't control the leaks if my muscles were relaxed.

29. Push your bladder for 30 seconds.

As I pressed on my huge, full to bursting pee bump, even the slightest press made me leak. I realized I would have to do something about that, not wanting to lose any more precious pee or let any more leaks escape from my overstuffed bladder. I took the sound I was using (a crocheting tool) and put it inside my peehole. Pressing for the full thirty seconds was next level bladder torture. There was nowhere for all the pent up pee to go, it was forcing my bladder to stretch beyond natural limits and balloon to a size I couldn't fathom. It hurt a little, but mostly it just felt so fucking good to be stuffed to the brim full of piss. I was easily a 12/10, bladder bulge prominent. It was rock solid, no give to my bladder at all, there was just no space for the pee to be pressed into. I loved it.

30. Get in a squat position for 30 seconds.

The sound came out. I wanted to hold all the pee for myself without any bladder plugs, to bear the brunt of the desperate pee for myself. It was so hard. I leaked for 2 seconds uncontrollably, before regaining control of my stretched out bladder and forcing myself to hold all of the pee in.

31. Relax your muscles for 10 seconds

I had to put the sound back in to make it through this part. The full weight of the heavy pee stretched my bladder past its limit, only being held in by the bladder plug.

32. Wait five minutes.

Longest five minutes of my life. My bladder was screaming for relief, but I wouldn't give it. I kept all my pent up pee inside my bladder. It felt so stretched and heavy, full of pee. So fucking full of pee.

33. Hold it all for as long as you possibly can before you burst!

I could only hold it all in for 10 seconds before I burst. My bladder gave out, pee shooting out of me withoit my control. I couldn't stop the torrent, my legs shook as my bladder released its burden. There was so much pee. I was glad I'd brought a measuring tool, a gallon jug with the top cut off. My poor bladder emptied over a span of about 60 seconds, the absolute relief that washed over me was astounding. I was having a real accident and I loved it. It felt almost orgasmic for the pee to shoot from my urethra.

When I got up finally after my bladder had emptied, I was shocked to see the container was almost overflowing. I'd peed over half a gallon. Picture it, my bladder, full to the absolute maximum with piss, big enough to hold over half a gallon of liquid!!! A rock solid bulge of pure desperate pee!!!

Needless to say it was a good time. I'm writing this directly after it happened, my bladder is filling up again from the excess water that didn't make it to my bladder before I had the biggest pee explosion ever. I'm going to hold all of it until I can't anymore, but this time I'll go in the toilet so there's an easier clean up. I can't wait for my big bladder to stretch to the max again, letting me feel the weight of almost a gallon of piss fighting to get out of the swollen prison of my bladder.

