How a Broken down Van Led to One Bladder Bustingly Epic Grand Finale to My Last Day of Work

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-10-15 16:23

I have been sick for the last couple of weeks but in the last couple of days I finally got back to going to my job and luckily I was able to make the final day of work and everything after all of that, and wow was it a dramatic day. I said one of the good things about fiction is that you can control things and make things go the way you want them to, but one of the good things about reality is that it sends plot twists your way that you never would have expected or imagined yourself if you are writing the story yourself, and this one definitely falls into that category as I never would have seen this coming from 1 million years away.

Ironically it happened on the very last day of my job, and I think that you will probably all agree that it provided a rather dramatic finale should this really be the final day ever, instead of just the final day of the season. My bladder is still aching a few days later. Here's hoping this is a story that will linger in your mind long afterwards and maybe get me to win the day for most liked post in a single day for the second time.

The last day for all intents and purposes was a pretty ordinary day in all honesty for most of the day. As usual we were at a location where the bathrooms happen to be locked, but nothing particular dramatic happened until sort of the end of the day when we were getting ready to leave. Naturally by the end of the day all of the women on the crew were naturally bursting like we always are, but it was nothing out of the unusual, seeing as by the end of the day we are all pretty much ready to run for the bathroom the second we get back. Occasionally there will be delays getting back to base or there will be traffic or something like that, but this was something on a whole other level.

What happened this time was while that we were packing up to leave after our 6 1/2 hours we went to go start the van to leave and it just didn't start. At first we thought that maybe we were just doing something wrong or that there was some minor problem, but after trying numerous times to get the van to start it totally wouldn't start at all. It seemed like the battery was dead and the engine simply wasn't starting.

I can see that all of the other women were exchanging similar nervous glances to me, and we were exchanging nervous glances with each other, but we didn't quite panic just yet because we figured that we would just call somebody and they would come and get us right away and everything like that. So we were basically told to hold on and stay put, which is easy for them to say because they weren't the ones who haven't peed all day!

So we just sort of relaxed (as much as possible given the circumstances) and stayed put but naturally as you would suspect as time went on the women were getting much more antsy. I wasn't quite panicking just yet because I have known that there have been a couple of times when we have been delayed a little while, and although it was always a strain on the bladder I didn't really have any serious risk or anything like that where I thought that I was going to piss myself or anything like that.

But as 6 1/2 hours turned into about seven hours and then eventually to nearly 7 1/2 hours we were wondering what the hell was going on here, and I can say that I wasn't alone when I can say that all three of the women on the crew were by this time getting incredibly antsy and dancing around visibly and shaking legs nervously. The guys of course were a bit more relaxed, but we kept getting them to keep calling back at the base to get them to come and pick us up, and at this point we were getting rather agitated because we all had very full bladders. By now it had been 7 1/2 hour since any of us had gone to the bathroom and we were not shy about saying it this time. We were all getting quite vocal about the fact that we really needed to get to a bathroom really soon.

A couple of times we went over to the bathroom door and we tried pounding on it hoping that maybe it would actually open. I could see my one coworker was actually getting a look of terror on her face and she was actually trying to kick down the door and actually break down the door, because she could barely stand still. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs like absolute crazy shouting about how this was an absolute emergency and that she didn't think she could wait that much longer. I figure that her actually be trying to kick down the door while her bladder was already full as a sign of desperation if there ever was one, as it certainly probably wasn't helping to have all of that physical motion with a bladder that is so painfully full.

My other coworker, who is extremely quiet and soft-spoken, didn't look as distressed, but I could tell as she was watching our other coworker pounding on the ladies room door hoping to break down the door, not even caring if it would be an act of vandalism, and I could tell from the way she was looking that she was just as nervous as anybody else. Naturally we tried the men's room several times as well but we couldn't get that to open either. We thought maybe there was someone who could come around and open the bathrooms, or thought that maybe they opened the bathrooms later at some of these places as we later learned, but no such luck seem to be forthcoming.

Eventually we heard back from base and they said that because they had to wait for all of the vans to get back before they can send one of the vans out to come and get us it might be a little while. Naturally my other coworkers and I were quite annoyed by this. We had already been waiting an hour longer than we normally have and it is not like they can just keep putting it off and putting it off forever, coming to get us I mean.

By now I have to admit that I am officially panicking because my bladder is really aching and throbbing. I had to admit I started to drink more towards the end of the day thinking that I would be back to base rather quickly, and now I was starting to feel that liquid hitting my bladder. Again it wasn't still near the stage where I was going to have an accident or anything, but sweet Satan did I have to go like you can't even freaking imagine!

Another 15 minutes or so passes and by now I think even the guys can see that the women are seriously freaking out, and can you blame us?! We are all sort of sitting in the van with our legs tightly crossed, mostly pretty quiet except for complaining every now and again about when are they going to finally come and get us and everything like that. Even the guys looked like they were feeling somewhat bad about the situation, and they asked us the question that they had never asked us before, why don't we just go out in the woods and unanimously it does seem that all three of us sort of had an unspoken thing that we simply didn't do that.

Finally my coworker who was the most frantic, and who had been in some really desperate situations before, she was the coworker who ended up complaining a few times and asking if we could leave early over the fact that she had to pee on previous occasions. Now she was sitting there basically with her hands pressed tightly between her legs, which were tightly crossed, and pretty much shaking in her seat grimacing like crazy, and she thought she would try to go see if the bathroom was open one more time. As soon as she stood up however she grabbed herself and she said oh shit I'm pissing myself and started cursing a lot and she immediately ran out of the van and finished wetting her pants outside.

She looked deeply annoyed and clearly very embarrassed, as you would suspect, but to their credit the guys didn't make fun of the situation and very few people said anything about it. My other coworkers and I by then were both sitting there shaking in our seats, because now it had been close to eight hours since we had had a piss and we could barely sit still because now we were both very clearly desperate in a way that neither of us could really hide.

Finally my soft-spoken coworker, who was still holding on with me at about the eight hour mark, perhaps just because we had both seen our other coworker wet herself, and remember she's very soft-spoken barely ever says a word, she's like fuck this and she left the van and started going out in the woods. She didn't say anything more than that and nobody said anything about what she was doing, but a few minutes later she came back looking a lot more relieved and then she sat down next to me again without saying anything else.

Now at this point I was ready to go out of my ever loving mind, as you can imagine. I couldn't remember the last time I had ever been so overwhelmingly desperate, and having seen my one coworker wet herself and the other coworker presumably go pop a squat in the woods (I didn't follow her and watch or anything, but you know common sense dictates) all I could think about at that point was pissing. I was seriously tempted to actually just go pull off my pants like I did that first day at work last year, but I vowed that I would never do that again, and I didn't think that I was necessarily on verge of an accident. I mean I had to pee like you can't even freaking imagine, but I didn't feel like I was going to start actually leaking anytime soon. At that moment I was so tightly pressed into the seat that I felt that probably the best option was just stay as still as possible, as that is always the best option when I am in a situation like that, the less movement the better.

A couple of more minutes passed and by then I'm getting pretty much ready to scream and I am sitting there with my legs tightly crossed, my hands between my legs, self-consciousness be damned, and given how shy I am that's really saying something, and I am almost ready to give up and just go off with my pants off and go piss in the forest, but just at that moment that's when the other van arrives into the parking lot to pick us up (I realize a lot of people will be disappointed that my salvation happen to arrive at that moment just when I was considering actually going outside, so I guess fate was kind to me at least for one moment).

Everybody else gets up really quickly but I pretty much have to hobble over to the other van, because as soon as I sit up wow did I feel it even more. I literally felt like I had a grenade between my legs and I felt like I was pregnant. The fact that I was still recovering from a recent illness didn't make the situation any better. But I sort of hobbled into the back of the other van, and when the driver of the van asked me why I was walking so slow and funny, my coworker who had wet herself said because she hasn't freaking peed all day! I'll admit that was a little bit embarrassing but at the same time it was pretty bold of her to shout that, but I guess she had been through enough and was trying to spare me a similar fate, so it was nice to see her sticking up for me like that.

The driver looked rather shocked but she sort of nodded in acknowledgment, that look of recognition that says yes I know the feeling, and we all got in the back of the van. Fortunately the traffic wasn't astonishingly horrible compared to most days and we were actually pretty close to the base this time, but the next 15 minutes were some of the most excruciatingly desperate moments of my life. Every red light I was pretty much digging my fingernails into the upholstery of the seat, and every time we hit a speed bump or something like that I fully admit that I was visibly wincing and breathing heavily.

By the time we get back to base it had probably now been about 8 1/2 hours since I had last gone to the bathroom and the second that the van stopped, or even as the van was stopping I was already getting up and basically running through the doors of the base. I seriously ran like a bat out of hell, and I practically crashed into the bathroom door, almost forgetting to open it in the process, and I sort of pushed past the other woman in front of me who was moving towards the toilet and ran into the toilet, slammed my ass down dribbling into my pants and I let loose with the loudest piss that I have ever had in my life. 

I don't know how long I peed for but it sounded like an elephant pissing or one of those fire hoses that the fire department uses. I ended up having to do more than pee as well, but I won't describe that in graphic detail in case people here are turned off by that aspect. But needless to say I fully cleared house, and by the time I was done going to the bathroom I could feel my body was actually vibrating and sweating all over. My lady parts actually felt visibly softer as they sometimes do after a long hold like that, and I just sort of sat on the toilet catching my breath for a few moments and luckily didn't get too wet.

Through some miracle I didn't quite have an accident, but I did get damp, and I think that I can say this is probably the closest I have ever come to having an accident in my life. Unlike a lot of people here I don't enjoy the idea of having accidents, so that is why I would hold on to the point where I am in physical pain before I would even let a single drop come out on its own accord, but this time wow I definitely pushed myself to the absolute limit of my limits. There had been a couple of other days at work where we had been delayed a little while, but I think that this was probably about an hour longer than I had ever gone before.

When I finally came out of the bathroom I could see that my other coworker who wet herself was trying to dry off using one of the air dryers, and my other coworker who presumably popped a squat before we left to return to base seemed to have to go again, because you know once you break the seal.

After we had all composed yourselves we had sort of like a little bit of a meeting that sort of closes up everything that we have done then says our final goodbyes, and they said that they didn't know if they were going to get funding to come back next year, but that we were all welcome back if they did come back. Again right now it's all up in the air and it will probably be several months before I know if it's ever going to come back, but at any rate this provided a pretty dramatic finale to this whole Odyssey that I never would have predicted coming in like 1 million years. Unlike in my stories in reality it doesn't always conform to the way you want things to go, but reality is always a lot more dramatic when you are the one experiencing it rather than writing a fictional character.

Everyone there apologized for the fact that we had to wait so long for another van to come pick us up, and they said that they didn't realize that the bathrooms weren't open. When they asked if they had any recommendations for their organization if they come back in the future we all sort of agreed that they should try to get a bathroom for the van. They sort of smiled and nodded, but at the same time they said that if we have a budget it will probably be a small budget, which is a fancy way of saying if we come back we're probably not going to have fancier vans, although hopefully fancier than this piece of crap that broke down at the moment when we needed it most.

At any rate though that was the dramatic grand finale to my long Odyssey of being outdoors during Covid without a bathroom. I have to say it was a pretty good ending from the perspective of a story, but from the perspective of having to live the reality of it I really couldn't have pictured a bigger kick in the pants from the universe, which is surely still laughing at me even now.

So there you have it, make of it what you will, I hope you found this entertaining, I am sure that those watching probably it found a lot more entertaining than the people who actually had to live through it. But I know that I will be thinking about this for a very very long time into the future, perhaps the most defining desperate experience of my life. So I hope you enjoyed this, I don't think you're going to see anything like this happen with me ever again, and if you do don't count on me surviving it next time!

And now I think that my bladder has earned a very much needed very well earned vacation for the next several months.

*005*2021-10-16 11:20

@Red41804

"What was that thing you did that was more than pee?"

Starts with P, rhymes with shoe LOL. Whenever I pee that much I always end up pooping as well, the pressure most likely.

@Peter-P

"Good that you had the power to make it just in time."

Just barely, this was honestly the closest I ever came to an accident.

"If these company people would use their brain when organizing, they would organize the bathroom key."

They honestly seem surprised that the bathroom was not open. I kind of suspect that they probably think that they had open bathrooms at all of these places we were going and probably didn't even consider the fact that many of them had been closed due to Covid. But at least it's over now.

@rebeljaffa

"Knowing me as you do, can you gauge my reaction?"

I think I can take a guess!

*007*2021-10-16 12:11

@rebeljaffa

"Forgive me!! You know what I like. Do you think that if it had been any longer you would have gone outside, and do you really think you were close to actually having an accident? "

I couldn't picture myself going outside. Under the circumstances I think I would have probably just kept holding until I literally couldn't anymore. I wouldn't want to wet myself but I figured the fact that my coworker already did would make it somewhat less terrible. Fortunately I can hold it for a very long time even much longer than I ever thought I was possible to do so, so even though I ended up being pushed way beyond my limits I was still able to make it in time.

Although I say I was closer than ever before because that's the longest I ever actually held it in a public situation, and the fact that as soon as I got back to the bathroom it already started coming out the second I started running for the toilet, which is as close as I had gotten to having a full-blown accident.

Fortunately however I just got a little bit damp, which I know probably disappoint a lot of people because there's probably never going to be another situation that I am an like that ever again where it's even a remote possibility, but then again I said that before and the universe has a way of really screwing me over so that's why I am not going to jinx anything by saying that again.

*011*2021-10-16 15:11

@Peter-P

I meant my job was over, sadly Covid remains probably will for the foreseeable future and will probably continue to mutate and eventually wipe out the human race, although that would definitely be good for the rest of the environment I suppose, making the entire job redundant if the human race goes extinct!

I think that most people probably just don't think about these things because they aren't the ones out there in the field as they are back at the base at an office all day, so they really had no idea I guess that the bathrooms weren't open. When I originally took this job last year was like right before Covid started and it was just naturally assumed that the bathrooms would be open, so I think that that was just sort of the natural assumption.

But it's definitely true that a lot of these places simply don't maintain their bathrooms or they don't open them until later, and they just don't really seem to care that much about the people who are using their parks and other places like this. You figure people are going to be in the park all day that a bathroom would be kind of like a given, but I guess if there is no money to be made from and it's easy to just say screw it that people can do without.

But at least now it's over for the foreseeable future and I can finally let my bladder rest, and at least now I have a really good and to my memoir for when I finally get around to writing it, one that I never would have thought of on my own. Sometimes truth really is stranger and more bladder straining than fiction I suppose.

@Red41804

"Can you describe the pooping part more in detail?"

There's really not much more to describe. As soon as I sat down basically everything came out at once and it was done pretty quickly.

*014*2021-10-20 12:18

@Peter-P

"Probably you should take advantage of this unintended intensive bladder training and after a rest try to hold this standard!"

I can see where you are coming from on that, seeing as if I do go back to my job at some point in the future I don't want to be out of practice, but for now I think that my bladder has earned a very much-needed vacation!

@Drip Drop

"Do you think you're going to go back to that job if the opportunity arises?"

Right now it's really up in the air whether they are going to get more funding and going to be back in a couple of months, so I won't know for a while. But the honest truth is for all of my concern and complaining about the job is that if they offered it back to me I would take it, because other than the bathroom situation it really is a pretty good job and pretty much the only one that I have ever had, so you got to stick with what you are good at and where you have experience.

The thing is they said if they brought it back they might want me to be out in the field even more next time instead of out in the van. At least in the van I was sitting down most of the day, but what they want me to do is perhaps actually shoot videos out in the middle of the woods like that, so I would be even further away from a bathroom and I would have to appear on video perhaps while holding a painfully full bladder, which is an intimidating idea.

That's why I feel like I shouldn't tempt fate and karma. I'll admit even now that it's over I feel like I immediately want to go back to teasing other women in that situation but I keep feeling that the universe is going to end up not being done with me, and in a couple of months I'm going to get a call that will have me crossing my legs and whimpering at the possibility that once again I am back in the fold of women without bathrooms and that there is no going back. Of course I know for all the fans of my blog who like reading about these experiences that would be a dream come true, but it truly is a bladder nightmare!

*017*2021-10-21 11:45

@Peter-P

"Is your willpower strong enough to hold that much as on really hard days that job for such a long time – but at home while knowing your bathroom is so nearby?"

At least at home I can do it in moderation and can give up if I get exhausted from it, but for right now I think my bladder has earned a well earned vacation at least to recover from, well the entire last year!

*019*2021-10-25 11:49

@wettingman

"Another excellent story DesperateJill. I love long desperation stories like this ot knowing if you make it or not."

Luckily I'm good about holding it so I have always made it but this was probably the closest I came, which I think is probably why it's my most popular post ever, I think that there are a lot of people who are probably secretly disappointed that I did make it. However I am not into wetting so I'd subject myself to agonizing pain before having an accident if it came down to it.

"At one point you said you were sitting legs tightly crossed with your hands between your legs. Were you actually holding your self then or at any time especially at the end?"

I tried to be discreet but on this occasion I really couldn't disguise the fact that I was barely able to sit still because I was really dying this time so yes I was definitely grabbing myself on this occasion.

"I love your stories 8 plus hours is a long time to.hold your pee. You must work for mostly men who never think about a women's need to pee, just like us guys. Only for guys peei g outside is no big deal."

Boss is actually a woman but it is a job that is overwhelmingly dominated by men. Last summer I was the only woman on a six person crew and all the other ones were guys, this time there was at least a balance of three women and three men, but still I think it's a job that they just assume that people who take the job either probably go to the bathroom outdoors or have no problem with holding it. But I think that they just naturally assumed that the bathrooms were open and if the bathrooms weren't open they probably didn't even consider it or concerned themselves with it.

And I do think that even though it was a woman who was in charge of this that it was still another one of those situations where male peeing was basically taken as a given, where as female peeing either wasn't considered or was considered as an afterthought. I think that in situations like this is just naturally assumed that the women will either pop a squat or that they will just hold it.

*021*2021-10-26 12:59

@Padded_girl

Fortunately I don't really experience poop desperation all that much as I usually just go at home and I don't usually have a problem with it as it usually doesn't creep up on you as fast as pee desperation. And I never eat before going out like that, so it usually wouldn't be an issue. I mean if it really were going to come down to that I would probably just go in my pants and hope that I was wearing something dark and that nobody noticed. I'm definitely not into accidents or messing at all, So I would go to great extent to avoid that if at all possible.

*023*2021-10-29 13:29

@mikev

"I never understand why you have this hang up about peeing outdoors. All 5 of the women I have been involved with over the years had no hesitation in popping a squat if they were bursting."

I definitely think a lot of it has to do with just being ingrained since from my upbringing and everything where girls going to the bathroom outdoors was always a big no-no. But at the same time I just really don't have the balance to squat without falling over on my ass and peeing all over myself, so some people are just not acrobatic enough to pull it off.

But even if I could do that I wouldn't want to expose myself outdoors, and I am sort of a little bit squeamish about the idea of my naked ass being exposed to wildlife and whatnot, so I do have a whole bunch of inhibitions that keep it from being a possibility for me.

