Work fun

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2020-03-22 17:47

Hi everyone. Sorry it's been a while. It would have been longer, but I'd received a couple of messages from fellow members saying that they miss seeing my stories. I'm definitely flattered. I've just been focusing on life, and possibly have a little one on the way. After getting those messages, it inspired me to have a little fun so I can share with everyone. Hope you enjoy.

A few nights back, I was at work. The virus that's going around hasn't shut us down yet. This particular night was rather boring, so I decided to start drinking peach tea. It's so yummy, and it goes right through me. About two hours or so left of my shift, I started to feel pressure in my bladder building. Not going to lie, it's been a little difficult trying to distinguish between light bladder pressure, and the pressure I've been feeling in my uterus. Sorry if that's TMI, haha, but it's the weirdest feeling.

So not really knowing what pressure I'm feeling, I keep drinking my tea and keep working. About 45 minutes later though, there isn't any mistaking that I have to pee, and I have to pee right now. I went from being fairly relaxed, to about peeing my pants in a few minutes time. I have my hand between my legs, and have them crossed as tight as I could as I try to wait for this wave to pass. Couple minutes go by, and I'm still hanging on for dear life. I try getting up from my seat, and I feel myself starting to leak, so I sit back down. I'm a little concerned, that I've gotten myself in a situation that I can't get out of. I was hoping that I'd be able to make it until after work to be able to just let go. I was wrong, and here I am with about an hour left of work, and on the verge of peeing my pants.

I'm trying to outweigh my options, but then I can feel my bladder starting to give in. I can feel my panties getting wet, and all of a sudden an adrenaline rush hits me, and I start running for the bathroom. I keep my hand between my legs. I can feel the fabric in the crotch of my pants dampening. I'm only about half way to the bathroom. I can feel a little bit start pooling in my hand, and I start to panic. I try to clench my abdominal muscles and stop it, but it's not working. I finally reach the bathroom. I cross my legs so I can unbutton my pants, and I can feel the damp fabric on my skin. I'm finally able to sit down, and let it all go. The relief was so enormous I could have collapsed if I wasn't already sitting.

I inspect the damage to my pants. The crotch is soaked, and about half way down my thighs were soaked too.

It's a good thing my pants were black.

*004*2020-03-22 17:59

{{3 minutes ago, desp_wet said:

Nice story. Did anyone see you in your desperate state?

}}

I had a couple of colleagues that were still around. Nobody mentioned it. Maybe they were just being nice, because I wasn't being subtle about it, lol.

{{2 minutes ago, bravestone said:

Wow that was hot! Congrats too! Wish you the best!

}}

Thank you

{{Just now, BlueWetter said:

My goodness, that was worth reading and waiting for

}}

You're welcome, lol

*007*2020-03-22 23:48

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

No way this is TMI I love details about what a person is feeling and where . It makes a good story even more special. I enjoyed you story, as usual. Hopefully you were not embarrassed.

}}

Thank you. I appreciate your compliment. And, I survived it. Lol

*009*2020-03-23 05:15

{{4 hours ago, h1234 said:

Nice! Story, Sorry that happened and you got into that situation, hope your co-workers did not notice.

}}

Thank you. I appreciate your sympathy. Everything is all good.

*011*2020-03-23 18:31

{{4 hours ago, Wetsy said:

Black is the best camouflage in those situations,speaking from experience..Wink

}}

Yeah I knew that one too, lol

