Finally peed in public

Author: Calvin1

*000*2019-11-01 05:29

Well, I finally did it. I am new to this site, but as stated have been secretly been holding and peeing myself for a long time. Thanks to two of you on this site I actually was able to get up my nerve and try a public pants "accident." I hope it is ok to mention them: Soggy Shorts and Peegirlpee 1.

Here is how today went. I mentioned on a post that I would like to try to pee in front of my roommate and in public, figured if I was going to do it I might as well jump right in. The plan was to go with my roommate shopping do all the things she wanted to do do, and hold until we got back home. All was good, I had loaded up on coffee and soda. We started of dropping her dry-cleaning and then went to resale shop to try and sell some of her clothing. I was thinking this will be great, it takes a while for her to finish.

While we where there I did start feeling the need to go, nothing bad, just that little twinge. I tried to relax, but the excitement and nervousness of what I was doing was not helping. Luckily her usual habit of shopping held up and nature started working, and I started feeling my bladder getting fuller. This was about 6:00pm, we arrived there about 4:00pm. I knew she still wanted to try the clothes on and that would take a little while and I started to panic.

"Was this a good idea, can I go through with this, Aaaaah what am I thinking...." There was a bathroom in the store and I almost went for it. I did not....so I waited and actually kind of enjoyed the fact that I needed to pee, was holding it and so far nobody could tell. Well, sadly all plans were suddenly over. The store was closing early due to Halloween, and we left and went home. I was both kind of relieved and a little disappointed, but the evening was not done. After we arrived back at the house, she changed and went out, so I was thinking I could relax pee myself in private and wait. Luckily I came back to this board and happen to see that Soggy Shorts had given me a few tips. So I changed into some black pants and decided I would complete what I had wanted to do. I went to the mall. There was no turning back now, on the way there I was having a hard time not peeing.

My left leg was bouncing and I had my hand in my pants. Honestly, I was kind of getting hard from holding and squeezing. I arrived at the mall just before closing, which in a way was a good thing. I parked the car near an entrance, but where there was a grass medium with some trees. By now if someone was watching they would have seen me wiggling in the seat, and I think I might have been even moaning "No, no, not in the car." Well I quickly got out, and as soon as I stood up, felt the first squirt, took a few steps from the car and the second one, longer than the first.

My heart was pounding, I tried to breath normally, my mind was racing. I got to the medium and that was it, I just let it go. I can't explain the feeling I had, after all these years WOW. I can't say how long I stood there, I tried to look normal like I had just wanted to get something and arrived to late. I know people walked by me, but to be honest I do not know if they noticed or not. All I know, I was standing there pants wet feeling great.

Now what I did not plan for was, of course, going back home in wet pants. Since I really did not know if I was going to do this I had not planned this far. Well, I got into the car, couldn't think of anything else, looked around, pulled my pants and underwear down, closed the door, used my sweater to dry myself as good as possible and drove home. Yes I was naked from the waist down driving home. What a Halloween. Waking up with just a thought and crazy plan, to tonight driving home half naked, and writing about it. Next step day time public pee.

*003*2019-11-01 20:27

{{52 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Great description- you certainly sounded like you were desperate!!!

}}

Thank you, I was!!!

{{36 minutes ago, PantsWetter99 said:

You're brave for following through what you wanted to do! And it seems like you enjoyed it which is awesome. I liked reading about it.

}}

Thank you as well. I was definitely scared about doing it, but, yes, after committing to the mall, I did enjoy it.

*005*2019-11-01 23:37

Well, I'll have to think about that. Not saying no.

