First big public wetting

Author: dellu2412m

*000*2021-05-16 00:41

I'm not sure if people on here are very interested in male wetting stories but i though i would post anyways.

It started when i went on a little walk around 12 ish at night, there was also a light drissle of rain but not too much, i was also wearing some new super black jeans (the type where you only see the glissening but not really the wetness). At first i wasn't planning on wetting as i had gone to the toilet right before going on the walk, but the temptation for wetting these pants where you can't see the pee while it's raining and dark out was too big. throughout the walk i managed to lett out two small leaks and one bigger one but that was it.

When i came home i noticed that the pee stains where impossible too notice which just made me want to experiment more. I quickly drank 5 big glasses of water and watched some wetting videoes to make myself need to go. about 30 minutes later i went out for a new trip to try again, this time with a much fuller bladder.

First i walked towards the mailboxes and slowly let out a few spurts of pee, at the mailboxes i stood still and let out a bigger spurt off pee and started walking away again while still peeing. at this point my bladder felt pretty empty so i started going back to the house, but before going in again i wanted to go to the garage and see if i could force out some more. After standing still and relaxing in the garage i suddenly felt a big urge too pee that i knew would be too much to pee inside the garage (since it would get on the floor and smell). Then I decided to walk a little further to the end of the street where there was this bench tucked away from the houses in the dark.

Since i didn't want to get any pee in my shoes i decided to sit down on the bench and pee. Sitting on the bench i completely let go and filled my pants with my warm pee completely soaking my ass and thighs. since i had drank so much i peed for a good while, probably 15 seconds. i have tried wetting in public before but not like this, it was amazing. when i stood up from the bench the pee trapped in my pants trickled down and completely soaked the lower part of my legs and pants, luckily only a little got into my shoes but my socks were definitely wet.

On my way back home i noticed that since i had peed so much you could definitely still see the glissening from all the pee in my pants. i decided to walk on the other side of where the street lights were so no one in the neighborhood that was still up would notice my pee pants. at home i quickly went into the shower so no one would notice my activites. before showering i did end up peeing quite a bit more, this time standing up and feeling the warm pee rush down my legs. all in all it was an amazing experience, i would upload pictures but i'm a bit weary of having stuff like this on my phone and chances are that you wouldn't see it much anyway.

