Hot anonymous MTF story found on 4chan

Author: notthewees

*000*2022-05-20 17:53

Desperate trans girl's first time using a women's room on a road trip. This is not mine, but I thought the forum needed to see it.

$$

Text: Haha well it was my first time in girl mode, like I said. We were driving from NC to PA for a concert. And one of the things I knew i wanted to avoid was going into a sketch bathroom and potentially getting clocked.

But 7 hours is a long time. I get headaches when I get dehydrated and I've always had a bladder of a thimble. so I knew this was a losing battle.

Well, it finally got to the point of HAVING to go. I was in tights and a black dress so that was keeping my three piece set pretty compact in there, making me last a bit longer, but I just remember crossing my legs, groaning and whimpering as I realized I had to go... And it would be as we entered WV, the one state we wanted to avoid.

So we pull over at the Welcome Center and I've got to take like ten deep breaths to both keep myself from pissing my tights and to prep myself for having to see if I can do the ultimate passing test.

The center was crowded, and I could see people walk in and out of the women's room. I could also see three guys in orange construction vests just sitting outside the bathrooms, chatting. It was mortifying. I felt like I either pissed myself and ruined my trip or I get clocked and harassed by these guys... But I made a choice and I went for it.

I went in with such a grimace on my face, causing the guys to look at me to the effect of "what's her problem?" But they didn't even bat a transphobic eye as I just schmoozed right past them and found a stall.

God I tell you that when I finally let go in the toilet it felt like sex. Just a release and stretching of muscles I'd been holding tightly for hours. I audibly gasped in the stall... And it just didn't stop. Had to have been half a gallon.

I remembered to fiddle with the toilet paper to make sure everyone didn't think I was some cis woman who doesn't wipe her pussy... But after that I just sat there in the stall and reveled in being so... Empty.

But that's the story of how I discovered I both passed and had a new kink

