Peed my pants trying to get into work this morning

Author: Bravestone

*000*2018-12-11 12:19

First accident post of mine with pics.

I've had numerous accidents over the years. I've posted some wetting vids/pics but I've been uncomfortable posting the real ones. A friend here made me comfortable enough to consider recently. And I just had my first accident since chatting with her. Hoping to have maintained a dry streak longer.

Icy roads this morning lead to a white knuckle drive in. Having drank a quart of water and cup+ of coffee post morning run I was desperate to pee 10 minutes in. Squirming the entire trip I made it to my office dry and raced to the building. Not sure if it was my haste, the cold or fidgety hands due to desperation but I lost control a little and wet my pants trying to get the stupid badge reader to read my badge. I regained control enough to finish in the urinal. What a weird feeling peeing into a urinal with wet boxers and jeans. Feel akin to a wet cloth diaper at that point. Elsewhere I'd have just finished in my pants.

Sitting at my desk now pants towards the space heater. Hoping and praying for dryness before colleagues arrive. Wish me luck.$$

$$

$$

*002*2018-12-11 13:38

{{14 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Good luck! Also great pics haha

}}

Thank you!

*004*2018-12-11 14:18

{{13 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

That was more than just a little spurt that you let out! But after drinking a whole quart of water and a cup of coffee, did you really expect you could hold it easily? I think you like challenges that have a real possibility of failure.

Good pics, BTW!

}}

Oh. Just a little more than a spurt. lol

Running keeps me very thirsty. Trip is usually 20 minutes. Thought I'd be ok. But I don't mind challenges so much.

Thank you!

*006*2018-12-11 15:17

{{16 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

Great pics- did you think you weren’t going to make it?

}}

Thank you! Most of the trip I thought I was fine. As soon as I got out of my car I had doubts.

*008*2018-12-11 15:20

{{1 minute ago, Wombat48 said:

Did you have to run across the parking lot? Lol

}}

Lol. yeah. Watching for ice spots I bolted for the door.

*010*2018-12-11 15:29

{{7 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

Oh man! Would love to have been getting out of my car at same time

}}

Glad I was able to stealth in (I think). But thank you. lol.

*014*2018-12-11 23:19

{{34 minutes ago, desperatewet said:

Yeah, the roads were quite treacherous this morning. Lots of closed roads, icy patches, and downed trees and limbs.

So no one noticed?

}}

Not as it happened. I think people saw me run to the bldg. But I was in before they got there. They may have seen the puddle on the ground though.

*016*2018-12-12 01:12

{{4 minutes ago, desperatewet said:

But everything was wet this morning, from all the ice and slush. So probably no one noticed. And they wouldn't know it was you anyway.

}}

Badge reader and door was under a canopy. There was a puddle

*020*2018-12-12 05:59

{{2 hours ago, M23 said:

Well imo, grey boxer briefs just beg to be wet....

Naughty naughty, but very nice pics "

}}

Thank you. You're making me blush. I guess I had had a long enough dry streak.

{{1 hour ago, ourwetsecret said:

Good thing nobody saw you! Great pics

}}

I think no one saw....but pretty sure. Thank you

