My girlfriend wet herself at work for me

Author: Jodan

*000*2020-07-04 06:26

This may be long. Apologies.

I've been turned on by pants wetting since I was old enough to be turned on, and despite being pretty shy by nature for most of my life, I've been lucky in that I've had my wetting fetish indulged several times. As I said, I was very shy about my fetish for most of my life, but as I grew up, I came to terms with it. It's there, it's not going anywhere, and it's a kinda big part of my sexuality. So I came to the realization that if I wanted to be truly happy and satisfied, any girl I was with would have to know about it, be okay with it, and hopefully even enjoy it herself.

Since then, despite my shy nature, I've told every girlfriend I've had. None have had negative reactions, and a couple have indulged it, one actually came to truly like it, which brings me to this story...

I met Emily (fake name of course) through work. We worked in different departments at the same company, so we met each other and interacted, but we didn't really talk until after I left that job. That's when I started getting texts from her. We had a natural chemistry, so things picked up pretty quickly.

Within a few weeks we were not holding back much in our discussions, and sex was the common topic of course. Fetishes came up and after detailing her own, she asked me point blank what mine was. It took some courage, but I told her about my pants wetting fetish and waited for the dump. She surprised me pleasantly by being very open to the idea.

Over the next few months, we began seeing eachother more and more, and she began experimenting with wetting her pants. At first, I just got a few pictures sent to my phone, but she said she realized she really actually liked it, and before long she was doing it for me in person here and there. First at my place, then while camping in the back country, on hikes, in her car... she seemed to legitimately be enjoying it.

She started to mention the idea of more and more public pants wettings when the subject of fantasies came up. This idea turned me on more than I could hide, and she noticed this and latched on to the idea.

We talked about several scenarios involving drinking way too much water and having accidents in front of her friends, out in public (where/when it wouldn't cause trouble), and finally... at work.

Now, to be clear, at this point this was all fantasy for me. I legitimately didn't think she'd pee her pants at work. I figured she was probably just enjoying the effect she had on me by saying it, and I didn't really mind that. Nevertheless, I'd half jokingly encourage her to go through with it. She'd text from work about some BS that was going on, I'd tell her to pee herself so she could go home early and I'd make her cum, because fuck work. She'd laugh, but I knew it wasn't gonna happen.

Then...

I'm off for the day and get a text from her saying work is ultra slow and she needs to pee really bad, but can't until someone comes in because they left her alone at her station. Of course, I took the bait and said it'd serve them right if she peed herself and they had to let her go home. I expected that to be the end, but the next text I got had a grinning devil emoji, followed by, "Hmmmmm....."

I replied, "I'd come get you, if you did, and take care of you..."

I got no reply for an hour or so. I figured she must have gotten busy and that was as far as this conversation was going.

Now, after the fact, I can fill in the gap here. She sat waiting for nearly an hour after my last text. She said she didn't really think she'd do it at first, but that thinking about it was starting to turning her on. She said she found herself pushing until she could feel the pee on the verge of coming out, then clamp down, enjoying the feeling of holding it back while imagining what would happen if she really did let go. This made her more turned on and also made her urge to pee stronger.

I guess her boss finally returned, but then took off again for his office before she could get a word in to ask for a restroom break. Then to top it off, a family member of his came in and tried to order her around like they were her boss.

I understand this is probably hard to believe. I know people make crap up like this all the time. All I can do is promise you that the following really did happen. Call it voyeurism, dedication, perversion, whatever. Girls like this DO exist.

My phone recieves a text... I open it.

"That's it I'm peeing lol"

I asked if she was serious. She replied with, "just come pick me up please."

Right about then, my heart started pounding. I jumped in my car and drove the 10 minutes to her work. Once I arrived, I sent her a text to let her know as much.

A couple minutes went by before the main entrance door opened and she walked out. I was instantly so turned on I started shaking. Here was my girl, walking out of her work, an obvious wet spot across her crotch/lap, going down both legs to just below her knees. She walked quickly, looking extremely embarrassed, jeans obviously peed. I couldn't (and still can't) believe she actually deliberately pissed herself at work!

As she got into the car, I got my first glimpse of her thoroughly soaked butt. I couldn't resist. I immediately kissed her, long and deep, running my hand over her wet crotch. I could feel her trembling when we kissed.

On the drive home, she admitted that she was really embarrassed and worried she might regret doing it. She'd had to call her boss in his office and tell him she'd wet her pants. Then he had seen it when he came down to relieve her. She had gotten a lot of attention when walking out in her peed jeans too. She was worried she wouldn't be able to live this down.

This all worried me too, to be honest, but I knew there was no point in worrying now. So I took her home, wet my own pants, took a shower with her, made love to her for the rest of the afternoon, and cuddled her till we fell asleep.

Surprisingly, only one person she's really close with at work ever even mentioned her peeing her pants. So by the end of the next day, Emily had gone from embarrassed and borderline regretting, to saying the memory turns her on intensely. This all happened months ago now, and every now and then, she'll hint about wanting to do it again some time.

She also says that I owe her a public pants peeing on one of our future dates.

So that's what happened. Yes, it's true (aside from her name), and yes, I know I'm lucky to know this girl. I definitely do not take her for granted. Hope this wasn't so long that nobody reads it!

*004*2020-07-04 14:15

A few points of diclaimation that maybe should have been in the original post:

(1) We discussed the issue mentioned above about the risks of ever doing it again, and reached the same conclusion. IF she ever did it again at work, it would have to be a long time in between. We're more likely to do something else though, so as to avoid the problem all together.

(2) She did not flood her jeans. She peed enough for it to be obvious and down to the knees, but not enough to make a puddle. She actually chalked that fact up to being nervous and suddenly bladder shy. The description I got was a couple droplets on the floor, which she herself cleaned with disinfectant.

Finally, in this particular line of work, I can personally attest that cleaning pee messes is a literal daily occurrence. For identity sake, I'll not say exactly what the establishment was, but alcohol + excitement + our particular customer demographic = one full day per week set aside to shampoo all the chairs that have been pissed on. That's not to say I dont agree with you on keeping it mainly to ourselves, it's just saying if she had made a mess, it would have been nothing out of a normal day for anyone else there. That said, there was no mess. The only one who risked any negative consequences was her... and myself, I suppose.

*005*2020-07-04 14:26

{{4 hours ago, CookieRain said:

Men you are rly lucky

I had many bad experiences with telling my fetish. Two Ex-Girfriends left me because of this.

But anyway. Nice story

}}

I'm really sorry to hear that! I would echo Evildog's sentiment there, though. That's actually my reasoning behind telling girls about it up front (at least the last few girls I've dated, anyway. Which to be clear, is most of the girls I've ever dated... I'm no Don Juan).

If it's a big part of who I am, she's gotta be okay with it for "us" to work. If I was merely looking for one nighters, then I probably wouldn't say anything about it, but if we're talking actual relationship stuff, everything's gotta be out on the table. I told myself, if they're disgusted by it and leave, then you've just saved time. They would have left anyway. It's an "at least it happened before I got attached" kind of a thing. Life is too short. Seek the ideal partner till you find her.

