Requested Holding Challenge - And Wetting Myself!

Author: Marlee

*000*2019-03-17 06:52

Hey everyone! So this challenge was a request of mine. The one who requested wishes to stay anonymous but I hope you all enjoy! If anyone else has any requests of something they'd like to see from me, shoot me a message!

So lets get started with the rules now shall we? We shall!

This request consists of 6 challenges. Or tasks. I must continue to either the end of all six challenges or I wet myself either or. Starting out I also must be extremely desperate to the point where I can't help but hold myself. I'll list off the tasks below in order! I also had to drink at least 8 ounces between each one.

1. Stand with legs apart and slowly take away your hand from holding yourself. Do this for thirty seconds.

2. Do twenty jumping jacks and three pushups without holding yourself

3. Lie on your stomach and count to thirty. Now put a fist under your stomach and count to twenty

4. Sit and do absolutely nothing for a minute. Then stand and do nothing for a minute.

5. Read a long omorashi story. (you can hold yourself for it)

6. Last one! Stretch, get on your toes and stretch your hands up. Then sit on the toilet and relax completely for one minute. Then you are free to go if you make it!

I genuinely thought this challenge wouldn't be so hard. I've done challenges for my boyfriend before, including similar things. Of course, I had never done anything like this before. And I could never imagine the desperation I would be feeling as I did it. To who requested this (and you know who you are). You SUCK! I swear you're literally evil and the devil and if I could punch you in your face I totally would. These tasks were not only cruel, but oh my gosh do you know how to kill somebody! I have no idea how you thought up something of this caliber, but frankly, I do NOT want to find out. As long as all thats clear (and the fact that I want to strangle you is clear). So let us get started as it has been a long night and your girl needs sleep sometimes!

As a preface, I am wearing nice black panties, a small red tank top that clings to me, and maroon sweatpants, well more like joggers.

Task 1: Let me say, before I started the first task, I had to PEE. Before it was a tiny urge, after chugging a forty ounce hydroflask, and waiting for maybe 30 minutes, I began to feel it real hard.I drank one last large glass of water to be sure I was desperate enough for the challenge and oh my was that a mistake. I was constantly holding myself and moaning and whimpering. I had a big soaking wet spot on my pants from leaking and I knew it was only going to get worse and worse, with each glass I had to have between challenges.

As I slowly took my hand away, I felt a huge gush out in my pants. I literally clenched as hard as my body would physically let me. All my muscles were completely tensed up. I couldn't stop leaking and sputtering. My bladder felt as if it was going to explode already. To make sure I successfully did the task correctly, I had set a timer for 30 seconds on my phone. I felt each and every leak go straight through my underwear as if I wasn't even wearing anything. My pants were so loose that it ran straight down my legs, if I leaked enough it would have been caught by my pants. They were starting to drip. Every freaking second I was tensing more and more. All I wanted was release. Even just to hold myself would have been soooo nice. I felt my bladder just begging me to let go, but of course I wouldn't.

I was absolutely determined to make it through all six tasks. I wasn't about to let six measely challenges get the best of me - or so I thought. I was more than extremely grateful so finally hold myself when the thirty seconds were up. I may have even moaned from the relief. Of course, like the rules stated I drank the required 8 ounces, well more like chugged.

Task 2: I have done jumping jacks with a full bladder by request of my boyfriend before, so I knew what to expect.... Or so I thought. I started out with one. While I was expecting it to be hard, this was beyond hard. This was damn-near impossible! I know a huge spray came right out of me. I felt it. Now friends, I wish I could tell you this was a clean easy little sputter. But no. Not even close. Remember those whales with their blow holes? When they come out of the water it's like "BFFFFFFTTT". Well just imagine that, but in my pants. a tiny whale swam it's way into the ocean that was my bladder and BFFFFTTTTT-ed right through me. My pants, were toast. And being toast, I took those things right off and threw them in the laundry. From this moment forward in this story, I am wearing my close-fitting red tank top and my black panties.

That whole spray from me, and the discarding of my pants were after ONE jumping jack. ONE. ONE OUT OF TWENTY. I decided to speed through the next nineteen. Counting as I went, as fast as I could, letting that tiny whale have a field day in my bladder I got about fifteen. Then boom. A HUGE leak. This one was BIG. Bigger than the spray before, I broke the rules and held myself because if I didn't, I would have myself my the second challenge, and that wouldn't have been much fun or make for a good story now would it? After maybe thirty seconds I finished up the last four.

The pushups weren't as bad. Luckily I only had to do three. As quickly as I could (leaking every .03 seconds) I did them. At this point, after the challenge I didn't know how long I would last. I was really feeling the 8 ounces from before, knowing I'd have to drink another 8 in just a minute or two literally made me want to curl up and go right there on my carpet.

This time the 8 that I drank went straight through me. I felt my bladder get heavier with every gulp and I knew my kidneys were on over drive. This was the very moment when I knew that this night wasn't going to be as long as I thought. I absolutely KNEW I wouldn't make it much longer.

Task 3: I had also done this before. But there, in my room on my floor, laying on my stomach, I don't think i had ever had to go so bad. My bladder was bulging so much and was so hard that I could feel in there against the floor. I could feel every fiber of my tank top that was being pressed to my bladder. I was shaking now. Like hard-core shaking. Every single muscle in my body was so tense and all I wanted to do was just let it all go and pee all over my carpet. Literally I would've too. Well I thought I wanted to. Counting to thirty was pure torture. The need to just let it go was just aching at me. If my bladder could talk it would probably be screaming at me and yelling to just give it release.

Putting my fist under my bladder and counting to thirty literally opened the flood gates.... For about 2 seconds. And when I go, I go fast and hard. Like I said, flood gates. My carpet, after that two seconds was absolutely soaked. I was of course still leaking, a lot. So by the end of it, there was a nice, round, and larger than I'd prefer soaked spot.

I can not even describe the agony of drinking the required 8 ounces at the end of this challenge. Tears literally were filling in my eye and I took a break to hold myself for about five minutes because I finally decided to bite the bullet and do the fourth challenge

Task 4: By the beginning of this challenge, I knew I wouldn't be able to last long. But Marlee ain't no quitting and I can promise you this. So, I sat, knees together on my floor. trying not to do anything. Again, I set a timer for a minute. I lasted about 27 seconds before I couldn't take it anymore. I just let go and the feeling was so great I couldn't bring myself to stand up. It felt so good to just be letting go, to release all that pressure that was just building up for so long. The fact that I was soiling my carpet completely slipped my mind.

Letting go felt so damn good that I am positive I had an orgasm as I let it all go. I had never had to go so bad as that experience. I peed for maybe a minute and a half straight and it felt heavenly. I did end up cleaning my carpet. But the smell still lingers in my room.

I hope you all enjoyed that! I certainly did! This challenge was a lot of fun for how long it lasted. I would be very willing to go back and try it again if that is something you all would like to hear about! Let me know! If there is anything else you all would like to hear about shoot me a message and I'll see what I can do!

