The day I peed in a shoe box

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-11-08 00:49

Over the years I have voided my bladder in lots of different places from aeroplane toilets, to outside, from buckets to pristine posh toilets in stately homes. This is the story of the time I was once forced to pee in a shoebox!

It happened one evening in December last year. I had some friends and family around and despite finding some aspects of peeing rather sexy I am also very pee shy. I find it very embarrassing to excuse myself to use a toilet...even my own! I live in an older style house with just one bathroom upstairs.

I was drinking mostly soft drinks and the odd glass of wine and laughing with friends. There had been people in my house for several hours at this point and I hadn’t used the bathroom since around lunchtime. I reasoned with myself that I would just hold until people left as I always did. Making snacks, pouring drinks and heating food meant I was mostly in my large kitchen which is a room on its own. While guests did come into the kitchen they didn’t always stay so as my need to pee continued to grow I was able to cross my legs, lean on the counter and even pee dance slightly.

With the holiday season and work and school not on people seemed in no hurry to leave. By ten pm my house still had quite a number of guests. By now I should really have just swallowed my pride and slipped out and upstairs to the loo. I am my own worst enemy though and the very thought made my face flush with embarrassment. Outside I (hopefully) still looked the epitome of professional host whist inside my body was fighting a huge battle! My muscles were tense, my urethra pounding against my cotton knickers and my vaginal lips were tingling. My breasts became sensitive to touch and my bladder was looking and feeling distended. It was getting to the point I would need to overcome myself to stay decent but I convinced myself people looked like they would be leaving ASAP.

By 10:30 a few had started to leave but now I felt it would be even more obvious if I left to pee. Everyone would know exactly where I was going and my dignity could not cope with that. With no more food to prepare and less drinks flowing I had to mingle more out with my kitchen which meant trying to hold a very full bursting bladder among others. I quickly found an empty seat and sat down crossing my legs tightly. It was a hard wooden dining table seat which meant I could sit upright keeping my muscles tense. My whole body was screaming at me to go to the bathroom urgently. My toes were curling, my knees bouncing, my thighs clamped tight, my hips swaying, my legs tightly crossed, my muscles tightened, my bladder aching. Even the top half of my body was telling me to ‘pee now!’ With my nipples hard and erect, my face grimacing, my neck tensed. It was taking my entire body to hold. My bladder was so full I looked pregnant!

Without conscious awareness I had started rocking as I spoke to people. My hands intermittently going between gripping the seat of the chair to pushing between my legs to ease the pressure. I’m sure people must have known or even been enjoying my movements but I was thinking I should stop being stupid at this point and just use the toilet I so urgently needed.

Then I realised as the last few people started to leave that I should really be social and ‘see them out’ by standing up. But God I was so ready to wee it was painful now. I was also highly aroused but more than anything I HAD to release my bladder. It took three attempts at standing before I could do it without wetting. I had lost all professionalism now and I was bouncing from foot to foot. I was utterly mortified when my friend hugged me at my front door as she kept saying to her partner ‘we’d best go Harry and let Mary get to the loo. She looks frantic!’ Harry winked at me but followed his partner to the car.

‘Oh my God I am beyond desperate!’ I said to myself the second the door was closed. My hands were between my legs now as I tried to make it upstairs without wetting. I somehow made it and pushed at the door with both hands wedged between my legs as pee was dripping into my undies in preparation of sitting on the pan. But the door was locked!

I hammered on the door so frantic to pee I had completely forgot my own partner at the time may also have felt too embarrassed to use our own loo or been too busy socialising he too could have been bursting. He shouted back ‘sorry love. Been holding my poo for ages and had to come quick. I’ll be as quick as I can!’

I ran into my room, stripped off my tight jeans and blouse and jumped on my bed with just my white lacy bra and matching knickers on. I knelt down with one hand inside my knickers stroking myself and the other helping me balance. I was right on the edge of pissing everywhere and the only way I knew to help get through the next few minutes was to masterbate and hope it staved off the urgency. I grabbed my toy and even inserted that in the vain hope having an orgasm would prevent my pee escaping. I was shaking now both with pee urgency and being so aroused. As I inserted my metal vibrator in and out quicker and quicker I could feel my muscles contracting and as much as I was enjoying the feeling I began panicking when I felt urine seeping through past my toy. I was leaking and about to burst my full contents of my bladder onto my bed.

I pulled my vibrator out quickly and bend over the side of my bed where I kept some shoes under my bed. I had no time to do anything else as droplets of warm pee ran slowly down my inside legs. I tipped out a new pair of high heel shoes onto the floor and grabbed the cardboard shoe box like my life depended on it. I knelt over the box as a huge sudden gush of warm almost clear urine poured quickly into the cardboard show box.

There was a short pause before my body suddenly shook with such intensity I wasn’t sure if I was climaxing or just shuddering with sheer and utter extreme pee desperation. Either way as I shook my urethra relaxed, my vaginal swollen lips parted willingly and my Kegal muscles pushed with such a ferocious force I almost lost my balance. My eyes closed, my body frozen, my whole being releasing to the moment. Water flowed out at high speed into that box swirling around the corners and slashing into the centre. Filling and filling at a steady and intensely satisfying speed until my body felt it had had it’s time. The stream eventually slowing, my busy finally relaxing, my whole being able to finally breathe.

As the reality hit I knelt there in complete shock. I was kneeling on my bed in just my pants and bra with my pants down to my knees with a cardboard shoe box wedged between my legs full of warm foaming pee. What sort of woman does that? What sort of professional female finds herself in this situation?

I stared at the shoe box in disbelief and shock as I heard the toilet door finally open and my partner shouting ‘the bathroom’s free now if you still want to use it?’ I moved the shoe box to my bedside cabinet while I unhooked my dressing gown from my bedroom door, pulled it around me and hid the shoe box inside like some dirty secret. I emptied the contents down the toilet quickly, splashed my face with cold water to calm myself down and washed my hands. I then stood on the box to fold it down and crushed it into the bathroom bin.

Every time I see a shoe box I think if that day and tell myself it won’t ever happen again. The problem is no-one can guarantee that can they?

