Drunk wetting

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2019-03-01 20:02

It took awhile, but yesterday was the first time that I explicitly wet myself in front of someone. It still feels surreal!

I met a friend who I haven't seen for awhile yesterday for some food and drinks. We were supposed to meet at 7 PM but she ended up being a bit late. She was dragged into a going away party for a colleague, and she herself had a buzz.

I was waiting for her outside the bar on this chilly night. I was adequately dressed, but the cold eventually started getting to me. I already used the restroom before I left from the large coffee and large coke I had earlier in the day, so my bladder was already accustomed to its weakened state.

When she was about five minutes away, I went inside and got a table and ordered a beer. She met me after, and immediately told me that she needed to pee. I gave her a smile and off she went. When she came back, we ordered some food and just talked and catch up on things.

During this time, she ordered a margarita which, she coerced me to drink half of it. She herself was already four drinks in before she even met me, and wanted me to play catchup. Knowing how light of a drunk I am, I knew it wasn't going to be long before I become all delirious. I was already feeling buzzed fromt he one beer I drank earlier!

It was about 8:30 when we ordered our last drink – I ordered a Jack and coke, and she ordered a Jameson. Again, she insisted that I help her drink half of hers. At this point, we're both pretty buzzed. We're slurring our words and everything, but still had a good time. Because she still needed to work the next day, she said as soon as we were done with our drinks, we would go to the restroom, and then go.

Knowing myself, I delayed it as much as I can. I love being buzzed and drunk, but not to the point where I start puking. I kept refusing, but she was insistent. I finally told her that if I drank hers, we should just head back without using the restroom. She said yes, and with that, I drank – only to find out that she lied and told me she was going to go to the restroom anway! In my drunken state, I couldn't even be mad at her.

At this point, I had drank one and a half beers, a soup (from dinner), a Jack and coke, some water, and her margarita and Jameson. Perhaps it was the position I was sitting in, but I didn't have to go pee.

As we exited the bar, I slowed down quite a bit, telling her that I was going to puke. She jestfully made fun of me, saying how weak I was in terms of drinking. I really did feel like puking, so I just stopped and tried to regain my composure. I guess I must've gotten up too quick from sitting.

We very slowly started walking back to her place, as I parked my car near her house. She noticed that I was shaking and felt my hand. She asked why was I so cold. I knew I was shaking a little bit, but I didn't really feel cold.

She stopped by a Walgreens to get me some electrolytes, while I was standing around like a zombie, propping myself next to a wall.

About halfway back to her place, I peed a little bit – I felt a spurt of warmness splash onto my knee as we were walking. I didn't even realize it – it's like I had no control of it. Of course, I restrained myself from doing any more damage and even grabbed my crotch a few times as we were walking. If my friend noticed it, she didn't say anything.

She was starting to sober up, but I was still buzzing. As she and I kept walking and talking, I started to lose control – I couldn't stop peeing in spurts. I stopped a few times and put my head down to regain my composure. It was dark, so my friend probably just thought I needed a short break – unknowingly to her I was trying to clench my bladder from continually leaking.

It's about 10:20 PM as I'm about to reach my car. She's trying to locate my car for me as I walk past a restroom. I walk to it, but she tells me it's closed. She suggests for me to go in the bush and she'll turn around, but I told her that I wasn't risking it – public urination could net someone as a sexual offender in my state, as genitalia is exposed to public.

By this time, my jeans were clearly wet. Even tho they were white, it was dark outside. By the time I found my truck, I opened the tailgate and sat down. She was telling me to drink more electrolytes and made sure I'm okay. I tell her to sit with me for a few seconds to make sure I'm good. In addition to still being buzzed, I'm a lot more tired now. I lay down on the flatbed while she's still talking to me.

As I'm trying my best not to sleep, I start peeing – uncontrollably. As I feel the pee start soaking my butt, I'm thinking to myself "oh shit. I'm actually pissing myself. I don't know what her reaction is going to be. I hope she doesn't find out."

All of a sudden, she touches my knee and asks, "Harry, why is your knee all wet?"

Or at least, that's what I think she said. I'm still peeing and trying to make sense of what's going on. I'm still on my back, so I can only assume she looked around and noticed I was peeing myself. She starts laughing, all the while declaring that I peed my pants.

As the last of my urine stop, I sat back up. I look at her dazed – she has her hand covering her mouth, laughing and giggling. I look down at my pants and ask her "Did I just pee my pants?" Still giggling, she acknowledges the fact.

I stand up, look at my jeans, and then the tailgate of my truck. I asked her again if I peed my pants, and she said I did. She asks if any got in my shoe, and I said no. Once again in my drunk state, I keep repeating if I peed myself. She comes in closer and inspects my jeans with me – you can clearly see the difference shades of white in my jeans up close.

She is still very joyful and can't believe that I pissed myself. Perhaps expelling the alcohol helped me sober up just a tiny bit. I told her to take a picture, it lasts longer. She does so, as she was taking pictures of me the whole night as I was getting wasted.

As I put up my tailgate, all my piss hits the ground like a waterfall. She starts laughing hysterically again. I said don't laugh too hard, otherwise you might pee your pants too! She says she doesn't have to go because she went before we left the bar. Unfortunately, my second wave comes and I tell her I have to pee...again.

She continues to laugh and is in disbelief, saying things like "Oh my god! You're peeing!" This time I tell her that my pee is going into my shoes. She just keeps laughing. I kept peeing for the next 30 seconds, telling her that for some reason, I'm still peeing. This just keeps her laughing.

Once I'm finally done soaking my white jeans, she asks if I'm good. I say yeah, I'm just going to rest here and sober up. She says she wants to give me a hug before she goes, but asks if my top is clean. I say yes, and as she hugs me, I wrap her all around me and try to pick her up. She definitely screams jovially and breaks away from my grasp. She parts way with me as I just sat there, trying to sober up.

We kept texting each other throughout the night, and she had to decontaminate herself, and did feel her pants were felt wet. I felt bad that I was horsing around with her that much, and I would've been okay with her not hugging me with my pee soaked jeans. I offered her to pay her if she decides to clean it professionally, but she declined.

All in all, I was surprised my friend was so "receptive" in my predicament. She texted me today to make sure I was still good. I said yes and apologized to her that I hope she didn't feel too grossed out. She replied that it was funny I peed myself, but gross that I tried to contaminate her. She did mention that our friendship did go on a whole new level though. Can't say I disagree!

$$

$$

$$

*003*2019-03-02 08:40

{{12 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Delightful! thanks for sharing!

}}

You're welcome! I'm glad I was finally able to share it with someone else. It's a huge relief. Pun intended haha

{{1 hour ago, blasseroz said:

Nice 'I've pissed my pants' shots.

}}

Thanks! My friend usually takes pictures of everything anyway. Glad she wasn't shy to take the photos of my soaked jeans.

