To nervous to pee, help?

Author: RavenEevee

*000*2017-01-03 21:54

Hey everyone, i havent been on here for a while but i kinda lurk now and then, the really good friend i have up here talks to me somewhere else now so i havent got on alot.

Anyway recently i meet another pee lover!! one that is actually really close by, He's around my age and when we started talking about pee a long forgotten urge started to come over me to pee myself, to pee myself right on the couch i have to sleep on in my blue and white pokka dot pjs, I was already highly aroused and my pjs were already wet from other liquids so why not you know?

Well thats when the problem comes, i got nervous... i got so nervous i could barley let out one squirt off pee, now it's been months since i did anything with pee and i had the same problem when i first started wetting on things and not just myself. but there is this easy fix. I can be talked into peeing and it's something i actually like to happen, kinda having someone say "it's ok just relax and pee alittle" stuff like that...

Well anyway while talking to this new friend he was showing me these amazing videos of him peeing himself and it was so fun and i just wanted to join, i messaged another friend and asked him to talk me into peeing while on the couch, it worked... for one squirt. and nothing else would come out. i got so nervous nothing would come out and i feel really weird because ive done it before. and on the couch too!! I dont live alone so it's hard to get away with things but i have before, i just dont like the chances of getting caught,

I ended up just going to the bathroom and peeing in the toilet and changing out of my pjs...

The little bit i did do felt amazing but i dont know why i couldnt do more... is this something that happens to anyone else? getting to nervous or excited to pee? and do you have any tips to help with that?

*002*2017-01-04 01:04

{{16 minutes ago, monkeyboy said:

For me being a male it can b incredibly hard to pee myself if it's combined with sexual excitement as it's incredibly difficult to pee with a hard on...

However over the years it has become a bit easier but more through practice than any tricks I just push as hard as I can and it comes out nowadays...

Being female I don't know if I'm being especially helpful however I have noticed a lot of women struggle with leaks when they are coughing laughing or sneezing so have you tried perhaps h getting as desperate as possible and watching something you find incredibly funny

Forcing a cough or perhaps something NON toxic up your nose causing you to sneeze

That last one was because I really don't know many ways of causing yourself to sneeze probably a bit obvious and I only say it as precaution but please don't put anything dangerous up your nose

}}

I sneeze in the mornings alot because of allergies and i dont like holding for very long thank you for the tips though maybe i'll try forcing it out to

*006*2017-01-04 17:09

{{4 hours ago, Charlie Kirby said:

I do rarely get opportunities to pee myself now that I completely understand where you are coming from. When I'm too nervous, I play memory games. I've been trying to learn morse code for ages so I combined these two challenges by, when I'm too nervous to pee myself, attempting to recite the alphabet in morse. It's enough of a distraction to start a spurt and that helps to open the flood gates!

Is there something you can use to distract your mind from the situation? x

}}

Hmmm, i'd probably play pokemon as a distraction if i were to do that

*008*2017-01-05 23:04

{{1 hour ago, pink_wetter said:

There is also the whole toilet training programming going against you, too. It's so ingrained that it's automatic for your body to hold your pee until you get somewhere proper to pee. Then your body will hold it and hold it until it can't anymore.

Getting over that training takes work and focus. Sometimes I can't keep doing normal things while peeing my panties unless I have to go so bad that my muscles are tired. I envy people who can let it go anywhere no matter how little or much they need to pee.

One way to start is sit on the toilet with panties or bathing suit bottoms on and pee through them until your body starts to think it's okay to go with fabric in the way. Advance yourself to wearing your regular clothes like jeans or slacks or whatever and keep at it. I think with time your body will associate your clothes with urination and soon you'll be able to let go in other places. I suggest using the shower to minimize the mess. The shower is a great place to pee in different clothes to see how much wet they show or hide to prevent unwanted surprises.

I like to do it discretely without being found out. My favorite thing to do is chat to somebody while furiously pissing down my legs and they don't know what I'm doing right in front of them.

}}

Damn toliet training, but youre offering up some nice tips, thank you

