Accidental hold at uni

Author: OmoL

*000*2018-01-29 17:10

IRecently I've started drinking a lot more water than I used to, in an attempt to be better hydrated. Couple that with no longer doing the regular holds I used to in secondary school (currently an undergrad at university) my bladder isn't as strong as it used to be, and I'm still occasionally finding myself caught out in public.

This morning started pretty normal - woke up, went to the bathroom, had breakfast (including a large glass of orange juice), the usual. I fired up my computer and continued working on my project for a couple of hours, before getting up to drink a full bottle of water. As soon as I finished drinking it, I realized that time had gotten on more than I'd thought, and I'd have to rush to get to my lecture on time. Quickly popping to the bathroom, I grabbed my things and headed out the door, feeling prepared for the first lectures of a new semester.

Unfortunately, I was as prepared as I first thought. Even as I was walking to campus, I felt a slight twinge in my bladder. "Surely I can't need to pee already?" I thought to myself, putting it down to nerves or the slight chill from the wind. The urge grew a little as I passed the bathrooms on the way to the lecture hall, but I dismissed it and hurried on. Getting into the lecture with a couple of minutes to spare, I sat next to one of my friends and made idle chatter while sipping from another water bottle I'd brought with me. My bladder sent another pang, and I started to think that maybe I actually did need to go, but I should be fine to hold it for an hour. Right?

A few minutes before the end of the hour, I had to go. Badly. I'd needed it worse before, but it was sending pulses, and it becoming difficult to focus on anything else as I subtly squirmed in my seat. As the clock hands passed the hour though, I wondered why the lecturer wasn't wrapping things up and bringing it to a close. I whispered to my friend and asked her, to which she shot me a quizzical look, before replying "Because it's a two hour long lecture slot?". My bladder throbbed at her words, and I had to cross my legs as I realized I wasn't going to be able to pee for potentially another hour. I was now worried that there was a genuine possibility of me wetting myself like a little kid in front of a room with more than a hundred other students in it.

I leaned forward and squirmed some more (much less subtly now), just trying to distract myself and do anything I could to take my mind off it, but it was impossible. My bladder was continuing to fill with the extra water I'd drunk during the first hour, and my legs were constantly scissoring open and closed in an attempt to hold back the building flood. Soon the dull ache in my bladder amplified to painful levels (part of me was really enjoying this, but I didn't want to have an accident in front of my mates), and I was moments away from leaking when, at last, hope! Since it was our first lecture, it wasn't going the full two hours, and everyone started packing up about 20 minutes before the two hour mark.

I quickly threw everything into my bag, and made my excuses as I left my friends behind and dashed off towards the bathroom. My bladder felt so full and heavy, weighing down inside me, I only just managed to make it into the bathrooms and get my clothes and underwear down before I exploded into the toilet bowl. I peed for ages, and may have moaned a little at the near orgasmic release...

*002*2018-01-31 06:35

Glad you liked it! :)

