Thank goodness for the gravy jug!

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-02-06 17:42

Thank heavens for the gravy jug!

I had a mug of tea and then went for a walk. On my return I was drinking a bottle of water, since it’s lockdown and the only real thing I can control is drinking healthily.

Anyway, on my return I set about cooking dinner. Tonight it was steak pie, mashed potatoes, broccoli and carrots...and that all important gravy. While the pie was cooking in the oven I set about unloading and reloading the dishwasher, tidying up the kitchen and looking out plates ready for dishing up. In between that I was boiling the potatoes and veg and I filled the kettle to make gravy. It was this latter task that really changed things.

The sound of the water, the sight of it pouring, the weight of it gathering in the kettle all set a very sudden and strong signal to my body: my bladder was as full as my kettle and urgently wanted to pour out like the tap I had just turned off!

The problem was I couldn’t leave the meal to go! The potatoes would boil over, the veg would dry out and the pie would burn if I left at this point. So I crossed my legs tightly, bend forward and moaned.

I had probably needed to go quite a while but with my mind occupied with other things I hadn’t been listening to my body and now I regretted it massively. I was absolutely bursting! I switched the kettle on while twisting my legs and as soon as my hands were free I had to grab between my legs. There was nobody who could watch the food for a minute while I ran to pee so I had to try and hold on.

With one hand still between my legs and dancing about like a mad woman I went to the cutlery drawer and pulled out a fork. I hobbled back to the cooker and tested the potatoes. They were now ready to be mashed. I unhooked the masher from its wall hook and danced back over to the fridge to get some butter. Opening the fridge I had to bend forward, cross my legs tightly and squeeze hard as my bladder threatened to unleash its contents right there and then! It took me a moment to regain control before I jigged back to the cooker where I had taken the potatoes off the heat.

Curling my toes in my trainers and bouncing my leg I added some butter to the pot but I couldn’t mash the potatoes one handedly so I held them pot with one hand and the masher with the other as my legs bounced, danced and moved frantically. At one point I was literally marching on the spot trying to hold back from bursting at the seams.

Finally the potatoes were mashed and I opened the oven up to take the pie out. My oven door opens down the way so I leaned down to reach the pie but in doing so I felt some warm urine dribble into my cotton pants. Anxious not to flood the tiled floor I went down on my knees and bounced my bottom onto my heels like mad as I used a tea towel to take the hot pie out and place it safely on the counter. As soon as my hands were free I HAD to grab my crotch! Fuck I was unbelievably desperate to pee by this point. Leaning on the counter with my other hand I bent forwards and almost screamed.

“I need to go to the toilet! I need to go to the toilet! I think I’m going to have an accident!”

My heart was thumping and my body sweating. The room was starting to swirl and I couldn’t even think straight as every part of me tightened and tensed trying to prevent my body from gushing out excess water it had been carrying for some time now. Just at that point I heard my kettle click off as the water was now boiled ready to make the gravy. I only just managed to return to the cutlery drawer for a spoon as I opened the cupboard close by for the gravy granules. As I opened the lid of the granules another urge consumed me, this time so strong I yelped like a wounded animal.

A dribble leaked again into my knickers and I shivered with the knowledge I wasn’t going to make it upstairs to the bathroom in time. Squeezing and moaning through my teeth...arghhhh.....I pulled my patterned legging and wet cotton striped knickers down to my knees with both hands, then reached out immediately and grabbed the gravy jug and rammed it between my legs.

Whoosh, slosh, weee....I bent my knees slightly and relaxed as tears ran down my cheeks in sheer relief.

I had to stop as the jug reached the top. I poured it all down the sink and rinsed the jug under the tap.

I pulled my clothes up quickly and made the gravy in a mug. I have now eaten my dinner and drank another full bottle of water and having written this out I really need to go again...

*004*2021-02-06 23:05

{{32 minutes ago, Marco said:

You always write so well!

}}

Thank you

*007*2021-02-06 23:44

{{Just now, bustin2pee said:

Ahhhhhhh Piss-to!

You may need to be British and of a certain age to appreciate that! Lol

}}

I’ll never look at Bisto the same way again lol

*010*2021-02-07 01:54

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

Wow that is such a sexy image you cooking and being so desperate you had to use that jug and then having to cut off the flow of that pent up pee as the jug filled! It is a shame you didn’t get a picture of the jug full of your hot pee before you emptied it!

Well done though not burning anything and staying focused on the cooking

}}

That was by far my biggest regret was not getting photo proof to share

*012*2021-02-07 14:26

{{2 hours ago, Bisonwin said:

I take it the sink was too high up to hop onto?

}}

Yes and I a, not as nimble as I used to be either!

*014*2021-02-08 12:53

{{38 minutes ago, stinklerus said:

Wish I had been invited to dinner!

}}

Too bad we are still in lockdown lol

*018*2021-02-08 18:29

{{2 hours ago, wannawatch said:

So..does this mean we're all invited for a Big post-corona dinner at Mbg's ??

}}

Absolutely

*021*2021-02-09 00:27

{{3 hours ago, New_Macca said:

The more I think about this situation (I admit I am thinking about it quite a lot ) then it really is n incredible achievement to be that close to your limit yet aim so well you can go in your kitchen and not spill a drop and to cut off the flow before the jug filled despite that aching desire for relief.

Incredible effort. Well done!

}}

Thank you!

