Unplanned desperation

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2019-05-18 06:44

Ok so before I start the store a little back ground. I currently work in the kitchen at a local hotel. I had to work the night shift tonight well yesterday (it’s 2:04am this happened about 1 hour ago)

But anyway I left for working buying a bottle of water on the 500ml to be exact. Drank it before I got to work and refilled it after I arrived. I probably refilled it and 6 or 7 time the kitchen is hot as hell to that’s why I was drinking so much water. I ended up using the bathroom about 3 times before I left which to me is a lot cause normally I’ll only go once at the end. After changing out of my uniform I had a little battle in my head bout if I should is the toilet eventually my bladder won that once and it’s a good thing it did cause of alter situation.

So the shift finishes after most of the bus stop run so there’s a bus that the company hires to door employees home. The driver of the bus and I live in the same neighborhood as a result I get dropped home last. Not long after we left I felt a small urge in my bladder nothing much tho and I completely ignored it for about 30 mins then it started getting bad 45 mins and I’m busting again in my it’s like wtf I went before I left why do I have to go again but at the same time it was nothing I couldn’t manage and looking on the bright side only 2 more employees left.

Then I could get home and pee problem solved but the and we dropped the last employee we noticed that it was twelve and there was another shift ending so the bus had to go back honestly I was given the option to get dropped home first but for the drivers convenience I said no problem honestly I could’ve said no problem and asked to take a pee in the bushes or even run to the toilet when we got back to the hotel but no I just had to sit there like nothing was wrong (honestly I think apart in me liked it) but anyway 3 more employees to drop and it takes about and hour and trust me at this point I’m very desperate like I haven’t leaked but I’m going to need to start holding myself with hands to stop it much longer the final I get dropped home still have to walk down a small hill probably lest than 100m and walking towards my door I could feel it slipping.

I lost my keg and before I could start knocking I had to bend over and hold myself with both hands my parents weren’t home but my sister was and to my surprise she up (I was pretty late) she opened the door but not before I could let out three small leaks and one small spurt when the door open I said good night and went straight for the bathroom I kinda had trouble undoing my pants ( you know you’ve all been there)

When I finally got my pants undone I stared uncontrollably peeing and slow stream into my boxers before I could get it out and aim straight at the toilet the relief felt so good the huge weight in my lower stomach was lifted and I peed for about 1minute and 35 seconds after peeing I stood infount the toilet the relief was so good it had me in a trance for a second...

Anyway that’s my story hope u enjoy thanks for reading

*002*2019-05-18 17:16

{{8 hours ago, Redder12 said:

Wow nice story, just seconds too late. Just imagine if there would have been just one more employee to drop off

}}

Hmm who knows what would’ve happened

*004*2019-05-20 04:14

{{23 hours ago, Redder12 said:

Yea...probably wouldn't have been so lucky to just make it, you're sister could've gone to sleep too

}}

If my sister had gone to sleep i might have just went in the back yard as I’ve done a few times in the past

