Bursting on a plane

Author: Ally98

*000*2017-03-15 15:50

A few days ago, I was caught in a really, really desperate situation. In my defence, as much as I like omorashi, I like doing it in a safe environment with my bf when there's a toilet nearby without the risk of embarrassing myself in public. But this time, I was stuck in a situation where I had absolutely no chance of going to pee, and gosh I don't think I have ever been this desperate ever since the days when I was forced to hold it in school.

It all started on a plane. I haven't told anyone here about this but I'm half Asian, and I was visiting some of my Chinese relatives in Hong Kong. I went alone on this trip, even though I really wanted my bf to come with me I knew I'd just be adding unnecessary burdens to his expenses :/ after my visits I made my way back home. I sat next to the window on my return flight. My bf warned me about choosing those seats in case perverts might lock me in a situation where I can't escape (sorry to all men for saying this, I hope you understand :) ) Eventually, a Chinese guy who looked 20 years older than me (I'm 19) sat down next to me. He looked just like any other normal guy and was kind enough to greet me when he found out I was sitting next to him.

The plane took off soon enough. The first two hours were rather uneventful, but it was in this uneventful hour where I drank all the juice which the flight attendants lavished me with. It didn't take long for my bladder to start to build. It was manageable at first, so I just distracted myself with a movie. But soon, after another hour or so, I was feeling the need to pee pretty badly. I wanted to go to the toilet, but I was too shy to ask the guy sitting next to me to move aside. It felt like telling a complete stranger I had to pee. (Thinking back, almost all the desperate situations I've been in in the past had been the result of me refusing to pee out of shyness. It's so stupid, but it's a character flaw that punishes me severely every time. And it was no exception this time.)

I figured I would go to pee when the guy went himself. That way, I wouldn't have to ask him to move aside, and I was sure he'd have to pee at some point. I covered my lower body with my blanket so that the guy next to me wouldn't see what I was doing. I was feeling the need to pee pretty badly and I really needed to hold myself. Under my blanket, gripped my vag**** as hard as I could. My whole body shuddered from the momentary relief it gave me. So I pretended to be perfectly at ease while hiding the war that's going on inside under my blanket. I was lucky to have it for I can't imagine what would happen if I couldn't hold myself.

Against all odds, I gradually dozed off. When I awoke, it was when the guy next to me touched me by accident. "Sorry" he said, as he settled into his seat. Then I realised he had just went to the bathroom, and I had lost the opportunity I was waiting for T.T it actually took me a while to realise I had fallen asleep and I quickly felt my panties just in case I had peed myself, but luckily they were still dry. I had slept for 30 minutes, as I checked my watch. Once I woke up, the sensations from my bladder came right back to me. I could feel the pressure throbbing down where my muscles were desperately keeping my bladder in control.

I had to pee so bad. My legs were turning into jelly. I was at a point where holding myself under my blanket didn't seem to work. I normally wear skirts but I ran out of clean ones on my trip, so I was wearing a pair of stupid jean shorts instead. It was more difficult to hold myself in these shorts and I cursed myself for not bringing an extra skirt for my trip. Then I did something I felt embarrassed for even under the cover of my blanket. I pulled down the zipper (as quietly as I could) and plugged my pee hole tightly with my finger. The relief was momentary and I knew I had ask the guy next to me to move aside so I could go to the toilet.

I spent the next 5 minutes mustering up the courage to ask him, but I was too shy to do it. I know it sounds really stupid but I just can't help it. While I was still thinking of a way to phrase my request, the worst came: turbulence. Immediately we were told to stick to our seats. I was horrified as there was no telling when the turbulence would end, and my bladder was already close to bursting. I was scared, embarrassed, and absolutely dying to pee. A squirt of pee gushed out and I jammed both hands between my legs and only just managed to stop it.

I think I was panting far too frantically for the guy next to me not to notice. He asked me if I was ok. (Thinking back, I've actually been in a similar situation before on a bus during a massive jam. I think I've shared the experience here but I'm not sure if I remember correctly) I was really embarrassed of course when he asked me, but I quickly realised I was in a very awkward position with both hands jammed under my blanket while my legs were shaking uncontrollably, and I thought telling him about my predicament was much less awkward then leaving him to wild guesses.

I was so desperate I uncontrollably spoke in Chinese (I'm half Asian remember?) "我好急尿啊！" (I really need to pee!) I didn't have time to notice him, but he mumbled to himself something like 'the turbulence is almost over' (in Chinese) and left me alone. In fact, the turbulence took another 10 minutes before it ended. I kept my blanket on while I held myself because of the zipper (gosh I still feel embarrassed about that) and for several times I really thought I was going to loose control.

But somehow I found the will power to hold my pee in, but my panties were already rather damp. Halfway through the turbulence, I was literally bouncing on my seat while fighting the tears that were swelling in my eyes. I was trying to bounce as little as possible so people around wouldn't notice but the bouncing really helped as it kind of helped my legs squeeze my pee hold shut. The turbulence seemed to go on forever, and I started moaning to the guy next to me "好急啊！"( I really need to go!) Gosh it's just so embarrassing knowing that I acted so much like a baby back there. Have you ever done something so stupid you want to hide your face even when you're alone? That's how I feel now (face palm)

When the seat belt lights finally turned off, 6 people (I was very attentive to the length of line) lined up on both ends of the toilet. I couldn't stand in line while holding my vagina and hopping around for everyone to see, but I had to pee so badly there was no way I could stand still and not pee myself. I wasn't bold enough either to step in line and tell everyone I was about to pee myself. So I did the best I could, holding it in my seat while the line shortened. The line seemed to take forever to budge, and I almost cried when two more people joined the line in front. But luckily the line at the back was shortening. I was gripping on my shorts so hard I was scared I might rip through them. Eventually there was only one person left in line for the toilet at the back, and so I finally asked the guy next to me to move aside (something I should have done LONG AGO) and limped to the toilet.

There was a middle aged lady in line and I guess since we were both women, I felt less shy about stepping in line ahead of her so I made up my mind to ask her to let me use the toilet first. She spoke English and when I opened my mouth my words came out more like uncontrolled sobs. I guess my actions spoke more than my words did, and I guess the sight of a sobbing girl standing in a posture that clearly indicated she was bursting to pee was enough to soften any heart, the kind lady touched my cheeks and said "you go first sweetie." It felt especially kind to a person as desperate as I was.

The bathroom door opened and I quickly locked myself in. Now here is another reason why I never wear jeans or shorts and why skirts are always better. I tried desperately yanking my shorts off but they wouldn't come off. I tried to undo the button but the metal button was securely locked within the button hole. My hands were shaking. The plane was wobbling and the ground trembled. I was bursting to pee, the toilet was right in front of me, but I just can't take my shorts off! I thought of peeing into the toilet through my shorts but there was no way I would dare walk out with my shorts soaking wet. I even thought of asking the lady outside to undo the button for me but that was stupid.

Please don't laugh at this one, but I even tried peeing through the zipper like guys do, but I tried yanking the mouth as big as I could but it was just impossible. Then I just started yanking my shorts frantically like a girl out of ideas. None of this would have happened if I had just brought an extra skirt. Now unlucky as I was, what happened next was equally lucky to my advantage. Whenever I hold my pee for my boyfriend and I'm at the point of bursting, I always hold myself while kneeling as I can apply more pressure to my vagina. When I realised I couldn't take my shorts off, I started kneeling down, though it was out of despair rather than actually hoping I could hold my pee longer.

When I did, it gave my waist a bit more space and the button became less tight. I started undoing it and the moment my hands left my vagina, I started peeing. It took me seconds to undo the button and I ended up just sitting on the loo with my panties on, peeing the most relieving pee I've had in a long time. When I stood up there was so much pee in the loo I was surprised a girl of my size could have stored that much pee inside me. My panties were all wet so I had to throw them away. That was a terrible mistake. I've heard of men having troubles with their zippers. Having shorts with no panties on is equally troublesome for girls, especially with those stupid metal zippers. It scratched me for every step I took. Gosh it feels like all the 'unluckiness' in the world had landed on my head that day.

The bottom part of my shorts between my thighs were wet as I had lost control already when I had figured out how to undo the button. But it wasn't too noticeable (I hope) and I quickly made it back to my seat. The guy next to me asked "all relieved now?" and I could feel myself blushing furiously as I nodded. He told me his daughter had a similar experience when she was about my age and that I shouldn't feel bad about it. He asked me whether I had the habit of holding my pee and I told him I did. And it's true. Either it's inconvenient or I'm too shy to ask for permission, I always end up holding my pee till I end up in situations like this one. I seriously need to regulate my habits. Then he asked me where I held my pee most often, and I told him it was at school (so true!).

The plane landed and having refused to drink anything for the rest of the flight, I didn't feel the need to pee again. I saw my bf waving towards me at the airport, even though he said he was busy with a big medical project. The scenes of my trip came back to me, how I had spent days without him, wishing he would see the things that I saw, and all the things that I wanted to share with him. Then that misadventure on the plane came back to me, and I felt a lump on my throat. I rushed into his arms and cried my heart out like I had never cried before.

And that's how my trip to Hong Kong ended in an unexpected twist, though it was basically all my fault. It's been a while ever since I had a real desperate incident, and I thought I'd share it here. Hope it was worth your time :)

*006*2017-03-16 03:04

{{5 hours ago, amberpee said:

Ally,

Your story was definitely well worth the read. So glad your seat mate was so understanding. I guess your unlucky situation was lucky for the rest of us because you ended up having a great story to share.

}}

Thank you :) that was very kind :D

*008*2017-03-16 04:35

{{1 hour ago, Alice314 said:

Awww I'm sorry to hear about the part when you couldn't take your shorts off. I totally understand how that feels, I personally prefer skirts over shorts as well. I also have trouble undoing the button, I can only imagine how hard it was for you to do it when you had to pee so bad. My heart broke when you said you ran out of ideas and tried to pull off your shorts frantically. You're so right about wearing shorts without panties on. I once ran out of clean panties and had to go out without them. The zipper scratched me as well, especially since I've shaved. Shorts like these are usually pretty tight so every step I took was uncomfortable as hell. Hope you don't mind me asking but you've shaved your vagina as well right?

I can totally relate to the part when you said you were too shy to ask the guy the move aside, I think I would've felt the same.

Ooh and you kneel down to hold yourself too when you really have to pee? I do that with my boyfriend too ^^ we have so much in common gurl XD

There are some questions I'd like to ask if you don't mind, I hope you won't feel embarrassed answering them:

1. When you finally got up to go to the bathroom, you did remember to pull your zipper back up did you? XD

2. When you walked to the toilet were you still holding yourself? I could feel that walk was super awkward since you were open for everyone to see.

3. And what was that 'posture' that you were in when you spoke to that lady XD

4. And how did you try peeing through the zipper? XD I'm sorry but it just seems kind of funny when a girl says she tried peeing like a guy, especially considering how desperate you were at that time.

5. Did the guy next to you notice your shorts were wet?

Sorry for being so curious, I'm just trying to live your experience vicariously. It does seem pretty exciting but I don't think I'd dare put myself in the same situation. Well I hope you're ok now dearie, best of wishes.

}}

Ooh yes we have so much in common ^^ thank you for leaving this kind message my dear :) I'm glad someone here agrees to my preferences for skirts. And you're right, it was impossible to focus on undoing the button when I was in the toilet. I had to pee so badly I couldn't calm myself to do it properly, and the fact these shorts are designed to be tight didn't help. Oh gosh I can't believe I'm not the only one who had trouble with the zipper. Hope you're ok now :) and yes I have shaved (blush) but let's not talk about this here.

As to your questions, now that you mention it, I don't quite remember whether I pulled my zipper up. I'm feeling a little scared now because I don't think I did O.O oooh I'm such an idiot I'm hopeless. I just hope no one saw my panties.

Funny you should mention this, because I was first resolved to walk to the toilet as naturally as I could so I wouldn't draw any attention, but when I came to it I was cupping my vagina with both my hands. I actually noticed a few people staring at me but luckily most were too preoccupied with their movies to notice. The pee kind of sinks when I stand up and there was no way I could take my hand away without loosing control.

Well the posture was pretty embarrassing of course. Basically the posture any girl would take if she really had to pee XD oh gosh I don't want to describe myself in that posture here, why don't you message me if you really want to know?

Ooh that's so mean XD I really did try. I pulled my panties down with my finger and opened the zipper as wide as I could. My vagina was all wet with the pee I accidentally squirt out. I tried leaning down at an angle so my pee would fall in the loo without making my shorts wet but when I tried peeing a little bit the shorts just got in the way and soaked up all the pee. I literally had to pinch my pee hole shut before I really made my shorts all wet. Maybe you can try it out yourself at home XD

Of course he noticed. There was a patch of stain at the front and back and it was impossible not to notice. He actually asked me whether I peed myself and I told him what happened. Luckily they were dry by the time I got off the plane.

Anyway, hope you're satisfied :) you're Alice right? :) it's nice to meet other girls here who can relate to my experiences. I don't mind if you ask me questions but you can try messaging me next time like some other people here have done. I'm usually more comfortable to answer your questions in private. :)

*009*2017-03-16 04:40

{{1 hour ago, gushingpenis said:

Was it not embarrassing when the guy next to you asked if you were "all relived"and if you hold your pee often? I mean, who says that? He seems like a nice guy, but maybe to un-shy for his own good. Know what I mean?

}}

It was super embarrassing of course. But I guess it's understandable. I was making a huge scene of myself after all and I'm sure anyone would've kind of freaked out if the girl sitting next to him went crazy like I did.

*011*2017-03-16 14:57

{{9 hours ago, DespMely said:

And as a (former) FA I can tell you that people getting visibly desperate due to shyness to ask strangers is not that uncommon.

}}

Oh really? Now I feel much better about myself knowing I'm not the only one XD thanks so much for telling me :)

*014*2017-03-18 06:59

{{15 hours ago, Alice314 said:

Also I just curious, why do you type vagina whenever you describe yourself holding your vagina. What's wrong with the word?

}}

Oh it's just a really stupid thing of mine. I don't know whether it's legal or not (like what some other comments here have argued for) but I just feel embarrassed when I refer to my private parts directly. It's really stupid don't you think XD

