Pokeno Go Desperation

Author: Averylynn

*000*2016-09-06 06:48

Now I'm sure there's been many cases of this since Pokemon go came out in July, it's surprisingly easy to loose track of time while trying to catch that one last pokemon and you end up no where near a bathroom while in a desperate state.

That isn't exactly what happened to me, but it's pretty close. I'm going to try to use more description in this then in my more recent posts, so it'll be longer, but I'm sure not many of you will complain about that.

This happened about two weeks ago. It was a warm day, and I went downtown to hit up some of the pokestops down there while I waited for my datemate to get off work.

So while I was down there I started catching a lot of ponytas, and what not, and it started to rain a bit.

It wasn't to bad, although I wasnt very prepared for rain. Wearing only a low cut tank top and waist high shorts (gotta show off for the cutie ;p), and I had just dyed my hair purple the night before. So I ducked into a local coffee shop.

I had about an hour till my datemate got off of work, so I didn't mind sitting there for a while. WhIle I was in their I ordeed a London Fog. I also had a one liter bottle of iced tea in my bag I had been drinking a lot of and was mostly empty at that point. As well as not ling after my tea came, the rain calmed down, so I drank my tea as quickly as I could, and went back out.

I just made it about two blocks down before I realized how much I had to pee. I was to fat away to turn back to the coffee shop, and I didn't feel like buying anything so I could use another places bathroom, so I decided I would continue on towards the nearest public bathrooms at the park, and catch pokemon along the way of course.

That plan went south when another ponyta appeared. You gotta understand, ponyta was my first pokemon card so they 're one of my favourite pokemon still. So I couldn't leave this ponyta.

I went through probably 20 balls before one actually hit that bitch. I started walking towards the distance one 15 feet away.

Then she was out of the ball. I didn't want to get out of her radius but I was in pain. My bladder was pulsating, and every step I took was agony. But, I was only 15 feet away and I wanted her. So I kept throwing pokeballs at her.

40 or 50 later I finally caught her, she was my highest level pokemon (437 cp, not much but I don't play much) Finally I could go! I was so happy, but I took one step and I couldn't hold it. I started to leak. It lasted maybe a secondbefore I managed to stop it, but I didn't dare look down.

Every step I took a little leaked out. Every step I took was absolute torture. Luckily my shorts were dark and thick so you couldn't overly tell.

After what felt like forever, I reached the bathroom. As soon as I got inside I started undoing my shorts, and they were down the second I closed the stall door.

I managed to get most of it in the toilet, but I did pee a bit on the ground that was already covered in water or whatever from the beach, so I didn't bother to clean it up.

There wasn't a very noticable spot on my shorts, and I had at least 40 minutes until my datemate got off work so I just ignored it, and continued on with pokemon.

And even though my shorts were still kinda wet my datemate didn't seem to notice, I still haven't told them, whoops

