Cinema desperation

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2019-01-27 13:19

Ok so last night I went out to watch Aquaman which by the way was amazing. I go my ticket and purchased a medium popcorn and a large coke. So the movie stared and I made myself comfortable in my seat. I ear my popcorn and drank the coke in little to no time because I didn’t eat before going and I was hungry. Well about and hour into the movie I stared to feel a slight need to pee. I had no intention of getting up to pee I was go into the movie and didn’t want to miss a second. Well about 15 minutes later my bladder mad itself known but I still did bother to get get up. Another 15 minutes and I was dying for a pee I was not going to get up and at the same time I wasn’t home planning on holding myself or fidget around like some little kid. I was dying by there was now way of telling that. The movie is not at the climax and I feel like and going to explode but there’s no way I was getting up now and the I leak a small leak but a leak none the less.

I started to feel cool and folded my arms I ended up resssing my hands on my bladder and leaked again. Finally the move has finished and I got up to pee. I throw my now empty popcorn bag and cup and made a b line for the toilet. But you know how it is seemed liked everyone was holding it and waiting for the movie to end. The bathroom in the movie theater was small with 1 stall and 1 urinal. When I got to the bathroom there was a line about 9 people long. I was acing for a pee i need it now. As soon as the first person was done I leaked again and this a big on not big enough to see the wet spot but big enough that it got me worryed to long again then I had another leak.

At this point I send fuck it and lefted the line. There was a bathroom in the complex that the cinema was in I made a dash for that bathroom and it was a good thing I did as I walked towards them I started peeing myself the stream had started I put my hand to my crouch and ran for it. When I got in the bathroom I headed for the first empty urinal pulled out my dick and started peeing I was so relieved I almost had a complete accident.

*002*2019-01-27 14:29

{{22 minutes ago, basss37 said:

Sounds great!

Stories of people wetting themselves in cinema are awesome but it must have sucked for you to wet yourself.

Sadly i have never seen someone that desperate in cinema.

}}

I kinda did by the wetness wasn’t to visible I don’t think anyone noticed

*006*2019-02-03 12:19

{{On 1/29/2019 at 8:55 PM, lovetohold said:

I bet it felt really good to hold and also relieve yourself! Why didn't you pee in the movie theater? You could have used your cup. Were there people too close to you?

}}

Not really I was afraid that the cup might overflow

