I peed myself

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2020-03-19 15:47

So it's not that much for a interesting store but here it is anyway. So yesterday I woke up with what I thought was a slight urge to pee as usual. I paid no mind to it a grabbed my phone to listen music. After not being up for more than 4 mins my slight urge to pee turned into some extreme desperation. I needed to pee now I jumped out of bed and made a B line for the toilet only so see my grandmother entering it. My hands went straight to hold myself and I went back to my room. Now I'm laying on my bed holding for dear life. The pressure was so intense I felt like socking my bed. I tryed to distract myself by listen music but it wasn't working I needed the toilet and i needed it now so I got up witch caused me to let out a huge leak leaving a golf ball sized wet spot on my underwear.

I went and knock on the door and send I need to pee. She seems she was doing a number 2 and would try to be quick. But my bladder didn't want to hear that and as I stood in front the bathroom door I spurted and it left some pee on the floor in front the door. At this point I realized that I couldn't wait for her to finish so I tried to run outside in the back yard to pee. Btw what I should've done for the start. As I ran toward the door pee start to escape even tho i was holding on so tight. It started to come out of me as I was unlocking the back door and as soon as I step out I peed myself full force no stopping. I think this happened because of all the tea I drank before bed cause I never woke up to pee.

Well that's my story hope you enjoy

