Two Accidents in a Day

Author: SilverLining

*000*2019-11-29 14:21

The other day I ended up having two accidents, one super early in the morning and one later in the day. The morning one involves messing, so I'll mark that portion of my story off for those who are uninterested.

(MESSING STORY STARTS HERE)

Work has become significantly more busy. So much so, some of my coworkers and I have taken turns being on-call 24/7 to field support calls. Typically these calls have been very light: less than 30 minutes on a call between 1 and 4 AM to solve some minor problem, but sometimes these calls can go on for more than a couple of hours and unfortunately, it was my turn to take one of those calls. A report about a client experiencing a critical error came in around 3 AM and I started my computer up to diagnose. It takes a while to access my work terminal from home, so I brewed up some coffee while I waited. 

My bladder made itself known of a minor need and my bowels also sounded off, as well, but I figured I could probably diagnose the issue quickly. I was also in the middle of having a sex dream when I was woken up, so I wanted to enjoy the need for a little while before going. Fortunately enough, I could pinpoint that our systems were completely operational and that the issue was the clients. I let our support know and I was getting ready to sign off when they called back, saying our client wanted to get on a conference call and I could smell the this lasting a couple of hours.

I called in and let the client know everything checked out and they wanted help diagnosing things on their end. Essentially, it was a bunch of people on the client's end talking to one another with an occasional question my way that took some trivial work to answer. Since I wasn't busy at all, I couldn't ignore or distract myself from my desperation and my need was mounting. I had been sipping my coffee and gone through the whole cup which certainty wasn't making things any easier. I squeezed my thighs together and jiggled my legs while clenching my butthole to fight back the need, minutes ticking by insufferably slow. I chimed in every now and again to report everything was still green on my end and I started checking over things to take my mind off of things and just to keep confirming everything was okay on our end. My bladder suddenly cried for help and I shot my hands down to hold myself.

I rocked back and forward a bit, but stopped when I realized the rocking against my hand was stimulating my clit. I muted the call so they wouldn't hear anything on my end and grit my teeth fighting back. I started fidgeting with with some pens and papers to try and distract myself until I accidentally dropped one. I bent over to pick it up, but a shot of pee shot into my still soaked panties and I shot back straight in my chair. I knew I was losing this war, but the client had mentioned they're testing out a solution so the call was surely almost done. I decided I should turn on the news or something to distract me and tried to reach the TV remove on m desk without leaving my chair. I misjudged the distance and up falling right out of my chair straight onto the floor.

Needless to say, the shock was more than enough and my poor bladder and bowels let loose. The relief was overwhelming as I flooded my panties and filled them with a huge load. I must have been on the floor for a straight two minutes until I was all done and emptied out and when I stood up, they sagged a great deal, but it was all contained. I decided to sit back at my desk in my soaked in messy panties as punishment since the call would end soon and thankfully it did. I went straight to clean up after, thoroughly relieved the problem was completely solved.

(MESSING STORY ENDS HERE)

The rest of my day went pretty uneventful, when I finally got back to work. I briefed my supervisor on the client issue I was called about and the day went on like normal until the late evening where I met with my friends to go drinking. The bars we like to visit are a quick train ride from me, about 15 minutes, so I took the train to meet and we picked one of the many bars to visit. After a pretty good deal of shots as we talked about our days, I was feeling a pretty strong need to go, but again, I don't mind the desperation so I put it off. Eventually a few of my friends decided to head to the bathroom and I decided to go with them. It only accepts one at a time and there was no wait, so my friend walked in first and immediately walked out. It was absolutely disgusting and she refused to use it. My other friend and I took a look at it as we all agreed, we'd all rather hold it than go.

When we got back to the table, we let the rest of the group know the bathrooms were out of the question. We stopped drinking since we all got pretty tipsy and really didn't want to pay the place anymore money for not maintaining their restroom, but we continued to talk for a good while. Being up early, I was starting to feel pretty tired and look up the train schedule and saw there would be one in about 10 minutes, so I let my friends I was about ready to head home. A few of them decided they'd walk me to the train station before they would head to a new bar. When I stood up, I had realized I had greatly misjudged my situation and actually leaked straight away. I could feel my thong failed to hold almost any of it and I couldn't see if it made a noticeable spot on my legs in the bar lighting, so I just kept my bag in front of me to hide it. I tried to keep myself composed as we walked to the train station, but my friends were also visibly needing to go. 

I was relieved to finally get to the station so I could lean against something while I struggled to hold on, gravity certainty wreaking havoc on my full bladder. We all casually talked about how bad we all needed to go. My friends decided they'd go at the next bar as I told them I'd probably just go once I got home. They were all opening holding themselves and fidgeting, so I felt no shame doing so as well. I couldn't help to eye them all since I didn't see much desperation in person, contemplating that if we all had accidents, it wouldn't be so bad. I toyed with the idea of letting go on purpose to see if the rest would end up losing control as well. I was getting so wet thinking about it and lost myself in my tipsy stupor fantasizing about it before the train rolling into the station brought me back to reality. I said good bye to my friends and shuffled onto the train as I heard one of them behind me saying they'd just use the bathroom at the station and many sounded in agreement.

I made my way to the back of the train, conveniently by the restrooms. They were never clean, especially this time at night, so I didn't even try it. And by now, I was challenging myself to make it home. I sat cross legged as a gentleman walked past me to use the restroom. My thoughts wandered to him using the restroom and my bladder would have none of it as I let through another leak in my seat, and a long one. It ran under my butt and thoroughly soaked my leggings and my cheeks and I was sure there was no hiding my accident now. I also decided to take a peak at my crotch to see if anything was visible, and there was now a pretty good wet patch, but probably nothing compare to my butt now. The gentleman left and woman who had just gotten on walked in, just to walk back out at the sight of it. 

She didn't show any signs of desperation and I wondered how long she would have to wait before she could find relief. Unfortunately, the train hit an unexpected bump that startled me and I lost control again. This time. nothing was absorbing my piss and it pooled under me in the plastic seat. My face flushed red at the thought of wetting myself on the train, turning me on so much more. My clit was starting to want attention and I started to grind against myself for some relief. I let a soft moan out under my breath as I leaked again and froze. The pool was growing and there was definitely no way I was hiding this now.

Finally, my stop came and I leaked again when I stood, the warmth trickling down my legs. I tried to compose myself, but the pressure was too great and I just rushed off the train. Thankfully, no one was around so I squeezed my legs super hard and clenched with all I had before I started walking back to my place. Despite all that effort, just after a few steps, I started leaking again, almost every few steps until it became a steady stream. 

I was about a block away until I completely lost it and gave way, leaning up against a street sign as I thoroughly soaked my leggings as a puddle formed under my feet. I looked around and couldn't see anyone on the streets and breathed a sigh of relief. I speed walked my way back to my place, rushed through the door, and into the bathroom where I looked at myself in the mirror. I could barely find any dry pieces of legging as a stripped them off, as the tiny bit of fabric that was my thong never stood a chance. I took a nice warm shower before I head to bed and pleasured myself to an amazing orgasm.

*004*2019-11-29 21:17

{{5 hours ago, Perhaps said:

Great stories here. I sympathize with you on the early morning calls. I deal with those, too. Really is a pain in the ass to get up at 2:00 AM sometimes. At least you got to enjoy your call a bit more than just closing it out. It sounded like a pretty full morning. You definitely ended the night on a high note, too. A little extra bonus for all your hard work today!

}}

Yes, the early calls can get a bit annoying, but my coworkers and cycle every week, so I only have to field these calls about once a month. All in all, it was a very full morning and certainly a great way to wrap it all up My friends said I deserved some relaxation for being up so early for so long, though they probably didn't expect me to take it so literally!

{{1 hour ago, DiaperedGuy said:

Wow, what great stories!!! My pants were more than just wet with pee by the end of the second one!!

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed my stories!

{{51 minutes ago, strokeknight2 said:

Great stories! I used to have some really long calls on tech support in a job I previously had. I was the one calling, not giving the support. I was having stomach issues one day and I knew I'd be on a long call, so I put on a diaper before I dialed in. I'm glad I did. It was full by the end of our hour-long call.

}}

I actually did have some diapers stowed away somewhere, but clearly I should keep them handy for situations just like this

*006*2019-11-29 23:28

{{1 hour ago, nc_dude said:

Awesome story! I enjoyed reading. Thank you for sharing! I've been in similar situations I can totally relate.

}}

Glad you enjoyed reading! What kind of situations have you been in that are similar?

*008*2019-12-02 21:38

{{12 hours ago, nc_dude said:

A few work related accidents over the years.

}}

It's always tough to get away when work makes a demanding call, isn't it?

