Two times the fun

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-01-20 19:13

Hi everyone!

It's not often I get desperate more than once in a day, unless I'm aiming for it, but today was that day.

Now, today I had a four hour exam at 09:30, it is really freezing, well for me anyway, it was -4 degrees celcius/centigrade (i can't choose which one is better) but anyway. I woke up at 07:30 due to my friend H messaging me on fb (shout out to user homeanddry) and decided to lie around doing nothing but brushing my hair and sipping at water until my alarm went off at 08:15.

I got up and got dressed in grey panties, black skinny jeans, white bra, white t-shirt, grey sweatshirt, parrot socks (one blue and one pink) a coat that has a camouflage pattern, red beanie hat thing and red trainers.

I went to the bathroom at about 08:20 and left the house at 08:35. We arrived (my housemate, F, and I) about 20 minutes early for our exam, and it was really cold outside. Luckily the professor let us in and we managed to warm up.

It started at 09:30.The first part of the exam consisted of watching a video a few times and having 17 minutes divided up between viewings to write notes, to later summarise. There was a video in Italian to summarise in English and vice versa, then 20 minutes to polish up the summaries after watching the videos.

I wrote way too large a summary for the English into Italian video so I was pushing it up to the time limit with that one, and seeing as in the mock it had been shorter videos I was getting stressed, and kinda warm, so I was absently sipping at my water. We then had a 20 minute or so break, it was really cold outside so I didn't want to put all my layers back on just to find a bathroom, my bladder was at around a 4/10 or so.

In the break me and F had a bit of a laugh, and had something to eat and I drank some more water. I put my water away for the second half of the exam as I felt a good pang in my bladder just as the second portion of the exam started. Here there was an extract from a lease agreement in English that needed to be translated into Italian, and an extract from a CSR report that needed to be put into English. It was about 200 words each and we had 2 hours to do it, and use of online resources.

I always do the one into English first as I find it easier to do a quick translation when I have a general gist of the text so I leave that one to last, however, it isn't that easy to translate something so painful but also so specific, not helped of course by my bladder that was beginning to protest.

I finished up everything within one hour and 10 minutes, so it was 12:30 that I finished the exam. I looked over and F was doing what I'd consider the more difficult of the two and was only on about the 120 word mark for that text. I was starting to get impatient because I really hate the pressure of being quiet and such, so I sent in my work to the professor and waited for F. Eventually she was done and we could leave. I was about a 6.5/10 now.

We went to this American style cafe for lunch and I had cheesecake because I didn't want to be grown up, and also a strawberry milkshake. F had tea and a bacon, cheese and caramlised onion toastie thing. I expected her to want to use the bathroom at the cafe but she didn't, and no way was I going to go if she wasn't.

We normally get two buses in generally quick succession, but today we had to get on at the time the schools kick out, so the bus was full of sweaty hormonal and noisy teenagers constantly pressing the bell on the bus. It was packed so I stood up near the emergency exit, and that combined with cheesecake churning in my stomach and the fact we needed toilet roll prompted me to suggest to F that we disembark at a closer interchange stop, where there's a shop that sells cleaning stuff, bathroom stuff etc.

By now I was getting really quite desperate and went pretty quickly around the store near the bus station. Part of the reason for choosing to get off at this stop was that there were public toilets right by the second bus stop we needed, if things became that bad, but also that if we stayed on the bus to reach the further interchange stop at the train station, there would be a risk of missing that bus and then F would suggest we walk, but I didn't know if I could wait that long, plus the toilets at the train station are often locked.

Anyway, some woman was asking how to use a facemask at the only check out and we were third in the queue. I was trying to stand still holding my stupid 12 pack of toilet roll (it's so cheap in europe!) and luckily F didn't really notice. We crossed over to our bus stop and saw it come to the stop just as we were walking there so we had to do a bit of running. We packed on the bus with yet more kids and I expected them to get off sooner than our stop but not many did. We were both stood up and by now I was really desperate.

We soon got in although the cold really wasn't helping and I came upstairs to the flat. I sat down feeling a bit off for my stupid lunchtime decisions and squirmed a little bit until I had to give in and pee, it was a really amazing feeling.

Now, I felt and feel pretty sick again properly due to eating a load of sugar and nothing of any real health benefits at lunch, and decided to try and sleep it off. I got in bed in my clothes and dozed on and off, but kept waking up because my bra was annoying me. I took off my bra and my t-shirt and stayed in my jeans and such, but then F knocked on the door so I pulled the covers up over me so she could chat. She came in at about 16:10 and stayed talking to me until gone 17:00.

Throughout that time my bladder was filling rapidly and I was lying on my side with my hand between my legs under the cover, squeezing internally and with my thighs/hand. I was beginning to have to squirm and luckily F went and made a cup of tea, then to play a video game. I quickly put on a pyjama top and continued to hold under the covers and squirm, we both had our doors open and I knew she might see me at any time. I complained to H about it because she went into the bathroom just as I was about to. I was sat up now and rocking with my hand in my crotch.

I could start to feel little flutters in my bladder and although I wanted to push it further, I relented, as I'm moving out in a few days and don't want to have my clothes not dry! I very, very carefully got out of bed and peed for ages, then got on with making dinner.

Hope you enjoyed it

EQ x

