To win or not to win?

Author: Spurgle

*000*2020-04-12 19:55

Hey guys; I had a lot of enjoyment doing this and I hope you guys get some enjoyment from it too. I’ve attached a few pics too, in case anybody wants to see the end result.

This morning I woke up around 10am and I was undecided how to fill my day. Usually on a Sunday I go for a run but I really couldn’t be bothered today so I was at a loose end. I pottered around the house, did I few odd jobs and messaged some friends, but by this point it was still only midday.

I had some lunch and drank a couple mugs of herbal tea and then settled down to do a Latin lesson and read the newspaper.

Time seemed to be dragging and I’d only passed another half an hour of the day.

Eventually I decided to play some video games. But which one? The Witcher... no. Total War? No.... F1? Yeah, that sounds good. I have a whole race setup, complete with seat, wheel and pedals, I keep it in the garage so I popped out to bring it in.

It took me ten minutes or so to set everything up, by which time my bladder was beginning to ache a little but it was still nothing to worry about. I sat in my chair and booted up the game. I decided to pick up where I left off in my career mode game. Which turned out to be the Singapore GP.

I felt my bladder ache slightly, the herbal tea was doing it’s usual trick. I decided to set myself a challenge; complete the whole race without using the toilet or wetting myself. At this stage, it seemed doable.

Now just a bit of background; I love F1 and I’m a super competitive person generally but factor in F1 and it multiplies many fold. I play a full pro career mode; no assists, full race length, full practice, full qualifying and hardest difficulty. Also, the Singapore GP is the longest and hardest race on the calendar, but it’s also one of my favourites so I was up for the challenge.

Each lap is approximately 2 minutes long and there are 61 laps.

Lap1; I started on pole position, no particular issues but I could feel my bladder just beginning to beg for a little more attention.

The next few laps went by without incident, I was under a little pressure on track but nothing I couldn’t handle.

Lap 11; okay, by this stage I was just beginning to get uncomfortable and being unable to move my legs from the pedals really didn’t help. Still dry and still in control.

Lap 16; things ramped up pretty quickly. I thought I could feel a drop of pee wet my underwear but I think it was in my head. Still in control but beginning to suffer from desperation a little.

Lap 24; I was now beginning to make mistakes. I was struggling to concentrate on my driving and my bladder was really starting to ache. The worst part was not being able to move my legs or grab my crotch. I began to doubt myself.

Lap 35; I’d managed to go more than ten laps without thinking about it too much, I was engaged in a long running battle for first place and it really helped take my mind of my bladder and need to pee. My competitiveness helped on this occasion.

Lap 37; now that I was out in front comfortably again, my mind drifted to my bladder. I was in serious discomfort and I was sure I could feel a dampness against my penis, but again I think it was all in my head. Nonetheless, I was struggling. The worst part was having to sit still, it was a nightmare. Usually when I’m desperate, I’ll cross my legs, jiggle about, bounce up and down even but I couldn’t do any of that.

Lap 39; each lap seemed to be taking an eternity and I still had 22 to go. I was beginning to make mistakes again too; a lock up here cause I unconsciously tapped my left foot, getting close to the wall cause I couldn’t concentrate fully. I really didn’t think I could do it.

Lap 41; I was now shaking. I had every muscle tensed and I was beginning to feel like I was going to lose control. I had to hold on, but I was in pain and my bladder was begging me to be nice and let it go. Urghgh

Lap 43; because of my mistakes, I was now under pressure for the lead again. I really didn’t want to lose the race buuut I really didn’t want to fail my own challenge either. I was asking myself what’s more important; winning the race or completing my own challenge? Cause I didn’t think I could do both.

Lap 45; I was overtaken going into turn 5!!! Noooooo!! I don’t wanna lose!!! Ahhhhh!!! In my frustration a little pee breached my defences and wet my underwear. Now, not only was I fighting to win a race, fighting a battle in my own head, fighting my poor aching bladder but now I had to do all that and ignore a very real wetness in my underwear.

Lap 46; I tried my best to retake the lead but I was still making mistakes and couldn’t get close enough to make a move. I was shaking uncontrollably and I couldn’t take my mind of the wetness in my underwear.

Lap 47; so what if I fail my own challenge? It’s not relevant, I don’t get a reward or anything and neither will I get punished for failing? I just. Want. To. Win.

That was that. Lap 47 I relaxed my muscles and totally wet my pants. Suuuuch a relief. It was a total flood and my underwear and thin pyjama shorts were doing nothing to soak any pee up. As I was peeing my pants I was still driving erratically but my goodness did it feel good to finally be able to let it all go.

Cause I was sitting down, a puddle of wee began to form around my bum. It was nice and warm and I found it quite comforting.

My mind was clearing up and I could focus on the task in hand.

I was sat in my puddle for the next 25 minutes or so as I fought to regain the lead. After a short while the puddle began to go cold but it still felt good. My underwear and shorts felt soaked but it was really hard to tell cause I couldn’t touch them or even really have a look. Down the main straight I managed to sneak a peak at my crotch but I couldn’t see much, guess most the wetness is around my bum? Definitely felt like it.

Lap 54; I regained the lead and held it until the end. Which is more than I can say about my bladder... oops.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2020-04-13 10:14

{{12 hours ago, soggysarah said:

Great experience. Gaming wettings are one of my favorites. Was your racing chair easy to clean?

}}

Thank you!

It wasn’t too bad, it’s made of a strange material which kinda wicked and pooled at the same time? It was odd, but yeah, I just sprayed it down with a fabric cleaner and a cloth

