Dreams of pee

Author: SirGinger

*000*2018-01-04 04:41

I know I made one of these topics before, but didn't feeling like searching for an abandoned thread. So here's my recent dream:

Me and my friends (who are random friends who I'm 90% sure aren't into this) Cameron, John, and Mikey, had planned to have a 'pee sleepover' together in secret every day for the next few week, since we all lived as neighbors. My parents were out of town for a month, so I would host it at my house, but we needed a way to signal each other without getting parents attention. So, I was trying to find out what to do, when some random guy runs by on the street, and hands me this set of different colored boxers.

"You need these more than I do." He says, runs away, his pants and shirt soaked. I look down, the boxers have labels. There's 20 pairs, 4 of each color: red, green, blue, black, purple, and each has a different label with their color respectively: distance, absorb, fill up, pool, hieght. At the top of the stack, a note reads: "Try putting these on, and seeing what happens." There's a button on a keychain attached to the note, and a needle with thread.

I go home, and wear the red ones first, and nothing seems to happen for a second, then my pelvic area feels weird, but then that's it. Until I need to pee, I head to the toilet, but then the pee starts flying straight out I front of me. I freak out and turn to the side, pee flys out the door and across the hall. I realize that this is why the label says distance. I hold the pee in, as I quickly run to change pairs. I grab the blue ones; suddenly more is coming out at once, but it's not going nearly as far.

I grab the black ones, and then it somehow starts collecting it this dome-like shaped pile, grab the purple ones, it starts to coat the ceiling with pee. Finally I grab the green ones, and then they seem to stick over my pelvis, and the boxers start turning darker green, filling with liquid like a sponge, then when they seem to have no more room, the boxers start expanding, growing with my pee, but then my bladder is empty. I then decide to try that button, when I press it, all evidence of pee dissapears.

Then I have a really weird ideas. I first start by combing the affects. I try the black with green over them, and sure enough my pelvis non-stop expands with pee. Then I try red and blue, and now it's flying across the room, making a long mound of pee across the whole room. Then I try red and purple, and open the window, as it makes a huge arch. Then I think about the thread, and try notice it is the exact green of the green boxers. I try to thread the boxers to a shirt, put both on (somehow) and start to pee some more, the shirt now expands to, and it looks like a beer belly, and it's quite warm.

Then it skips to the night where I need to get my friends attention. I see them all in their rooms across the street, waiting for a signal. I put on the black and red pairs. Then I start peeing over the street, hitting each of their windows consecutively. They all club out the windows, understanding this as the signal. I quickly head inside, switch into the black and green boxers, with shirt attached, and head downstairs to let them in, peeing and absorbing the whole way to surprise them, by the time I reach the door, boom, I look like I drank 100 beers, and my pelvis looks rediculous. The all come in, wearing shirts and underwear, and see my new look. One pokes it, surprised to find it very warm.

I then show them upstairs, while simotaniously still expanding, and hand them each a set of the boxers. And show what each one does. I first explain green, showing my new size of pelvis. I then take off the green, and show the black boxers underneath, and how I'm nonstop peeing. I proceed to show the others, nearly hitting Cameron in the face with pee whole wearing red ones. Then they each try some on, and the fun begins.

There is soon pee everywhere, and John seems to quickly take interest in trying to find the limit of the green clothes's size, while me, Cameron and Mikey step into the hallway, and all start trying to pee down the whole hall, using the black, blue, and red at the Same time, flooding the hallway completely. We go downstairs to get some snacks, and when we get back and return to my room, John is still in there, still growing his pelvis quickly, taking up a fourth the room. While eating, and John growing, we talk about what to do next.

Mikey pipes in that we should go head around the area with our boxers, seeing as in such a weird neighborhood of weird people, it would seem pretty normal (our neighborhood is pretty weird). I grab some sweatpants, just in case, and we head out, after John squeezes through the doors. We're walking around, we each had chosen our favorite boxers to wear, I chose black, Cameron blue, Mikey red, and John still in green, and we're now walking by people on the street who were out that night, and they don't mind, accept for double takes and dodging pee.

We pass by a pizza place near our neighborhood, and John says he wants some pizza, so me, Cameron, and Mikey pull our sweatpants, and then I thread Johns shirt to his boxers, and it evens out the size a bit, so he just looks like he really is just obese, and not inflating, and we give him the largest pair of sweatpants. We all head inside, having stop peeing, and order pizza to take with us, Mikey randomly having money on him. We're waiting for pizza, when I feel something warm start pressing against me, and notice John's still growing. I tell him to stop, but he refuses, slowly he fills his set, and covers the table. The pizza is ready, we leave and start to head for home. I then display the button, and press it. John suddenly reruns to normal, then tells us how nice it felt, convincing us. We all start to play video games, growing.

This story took place over ten course of a few consecutive days, and feel like I might have the continuation today or tomorrow night, so be ready for more (also, you can post if you want too.)

*002*2018-01-04 22:37

It continues

After playing a game for a while, we all stop and are evidently soaked in pee from it sticking in our clothes. We then notice the time, I give each of them one of the sets, and off they go. The next day I walk to my high school (even if I'm in college IRL) with my friends, we head to our first classes, then the announcements come on:

"Tomorrow we will be having a talent show, and the girls and boys will be separated in to different areas of the school, to open up more options to be 'appropriate,' so ideas can be in a larger range to make in such short notice."

I instantly know what I'm gonna do, so I gather up Mikey and Cameron, and before I can start telling them my plan, John walks over, and we all instantly notice his belly. It's still looks like he's had some large amount of beer;

"I'm wearing a second shirt over it so it doesn't feel warm or wet, to not gain suspicion. I also wore tight pants, so it wasn't visibly filling my boxers."

I then tell them my plan for the talent show:

"We could use the boxers! Since they divided it into boys and girls separately, it would be approved, cause the boys wouldn't be seeing things they haven't, accept for really weird peeing talents. We could have like aiming at targets, the pooling effect as magic, and John could do expanding if he wants!"

We all agree to practice tonight, but the dream skips that part, and now we're in the school again, and were now n tlocker room with other boys changing into their outfits if they need too. We all take off our pants, wearing each a different boxer color and the black ones, and we walk back out into the gym, where the boys are having their talent show. We would feel awkward, but their is another group with no clothes on, and another in just underwear. Then we wait for our turn. The group with no clothes goes up first, they do acrobatics. Then a few groups later:

"John, Mikey, Cameron, and Eli, please come up onto the stage."

We walk onto the stage, and right before we start...

The Dream Ends, and I wake up extremely dissapointed, and soaked.

{{17 hours ago, SirGinger said:

There's 20 pairs, 4 of each color: red, green, blue, black, purple, and each has a different label with their color respectively: distance, absorb, fill up, pool, hieght.

}}

Blue and black are supposed to be the other way around to keep consitancy

*003*2018-01-05 20:17

Here we go;

Were walking onto the stage, I'm wearing the red, Mikey with purple, Cameron with blue, and John in green, all with black under, and the colors we aren't wearing on a table in the back, ready for switching. I walk center stage, facing the audience, and pee across the two and a half football field distance across the gym (though it wasn't really this long, nor have a stage IRL), right over their heads, gasps and 'oo's through the audience as it splashes at the other end, someone who was in the very back, in just their underwear, gets up and goes to see if it's actually pee.

"How is he doing that?!?" He says, a few others take of shirts and pants and run back there, and are also checking. Then one person attempts to do the same.

Mikey steps up and pees straight through a hole in the ceiling, and everyone is in awe, more people attempting to replicate us.

Cameron starts walking around, leaving a pool of pee behind him, John starts inflating, and everyone is amazed. I start turning to the side, and the pee trail rotates with me, and someone jumps up, and right in the way. I then while proceeding to pee, go decide to try something, and put on the green pair, but using the weird hole in front of most underwear, put my penis through, and try something. I turn to Cameron, and shoot a little bit at him, his clothes absorbs it. Then someone calls out "Try me! Try me!" I turn to them, and sure enough it works. Then Mikey sees what I'm doing, and try's the same thing, shooting over the audience, and their clothes absorbs it. Eventually, after everyone seems to have got some, out time is up, and we head of stage, a couple people following us to the back.

Then the group we saw was just in underwear goes up to the stage, and they just start attacking each other with pee, and making it dramatic and comedic as possible. Then one of them turns to me, and attacks me, then says "Why doesn't your clothes absorb it?" I shrug, and they continue for a little bit.

After all the other groups finish, the principal walks around, people picking who they think won, after everyone votes,the principal walk onto the stage, and announces the winners

"For their amazing physics defying act, John, Eli, Cameron, and Mikeys' group is the winner of this years talent show! Come up here to claim your prize."

We go up there, and we receive the trophy, and the principal hands me a package and tells me it was left unanimously for the winner. We were about to walk of stage, when someone says "Don't they have to do some celebratory act?" The principal says that we do, and we're not ready, but then Cameron pulls on the black, blue, and red underwear, and pees over the audience, as it pools through the whole gym, magically stopping right at the door out of the gym. Everyone is stands and starts running around in it, nobody seeming to be upset. Then were climbing down from the stage, and I press the button, but not all the pee goes away.

I whisper to John as he deflates, pointing out that there's still some left, and he reminds me about all the others trying to replicate us. We then proceed to go to our homes, and then I open the package, inside is a new button, and four small round objects, each a matching color to the boxers, except black, and with a hole in the side. I press the button, and suddenly each one starts dispensing golden liquid, corresponding to their color.

Then the dream ends.

I once again, wake up soaked, and lucky that I have no current roommate because I apparently sleepwalked around my dorm, peeing on everything.

*004*2018-01-07 04:16

So, I didn't have any continuation of my main dream tonight, so it might be the end of that, but I seriously hope not.

Here's a dream I did have instead:

I wake up in my bed in my dorm room, and start getting ready as normal, and check my calendar. It's Sunday, I have no classes scheduled for today, so I start to head back to the kitchen, and I hear a liquid noise. I locate the sound to be in the hallway, then I walk out to find another guy of the male dormitory building (or whatever it's called) walking around naked, peeing everywhere, he stops and says: "We were wondering when you'd get out here, man!" I look around, and there's more people walking around the building, also peeing on everything, and eachother.

They guy next to me asks why I'm in clothes, and I say because it's normal, and he replies "Not for us it's not! Your in the boys' peeing dormitory, remember? This is made for people like us! And you didn't forget you the most popular person in this building for you're peeing skills, did you? So take those stupid clothes off, and let the fun begin!"

I remove my clothes, still very suspicious of what's happening, and go downstairs, noting the though small number for normal dormitories, the amount of dorms, and therefore people, into peeing is amazing. I go downstairs to find this wide open area, set up like some sort of party. There's a counter with lots of drinks, people chugging them, and having an all around good time. There's different contests, and a area just for some sort of pee laser tag.

Someone suddenly announces: "Look who's here! It's everybody's favorite...: Eli!!!!" Everybody starts to applause, and pee in my direction. "Show us what you got, man!" I start peeing, and away it goes, flying across the room, and I'm confused as to how I'm doing it, and then decide to try and stop, but it won't. After everyone quits applauding/peeing, my good friend Mikey (the same Mikey from my other dream) tells me I can stop now, but it won't, and then he starts freaking out "It won't? That's not good dude, we have classes in 20 minutes!"

I'm confused by this remark "It's Sunday dude, we have no classes!"

"It's Monday, man" Now it's my turn to freak out, but Mikey gets an idea. He gets everyone's attention, then says "Eli has classes in 20 minutes, but he for some reason can't stop peeing, does anyone have any idea how to mask it for at least 4 hours?"

Someone replies "If we all gather up all our underwear, he could wear all of it, and I'm sure we collectively have enough to mask it for that long, I mean there's 37 people, and if they are anything like me, they should each have at least 15 pairs, which means we have more than 555 pairs to give out."

"Won't his butt be huge?"

"If anyone asks, just say you went to an all you can eat pizza place or something, and may have spent way to much time there."

"He also has gym, and has to change pout of his pants and underwear."

"I have something that could make it look and feel like his real skin, then we can put on a single pair over that for him to change from"

"We also need pants and sweatpants that will fit." Everyone looks at Devon, who is pretty dang fat himself, and he says "Yea, yea, I got some clothes he could borrow"

After 826 pairs, there's one pair left, and I'm handed some weird gray jumpsuit "These will match your skin tone, and make your butt look like it is just really big, and feel like it too." I put it on, nothing happens at first, and then it looks like I'm naked again, but with a huge rear, and making a replica penis and everything. I put on the last boxers, then Devon's pants, and suddenly when I put on a shirt, the jumpsuit budges out some at my chest, so it doesn't look like it all went to my behind, before I realize it made only very very large moobs and disguised my behind, but no belly, so I look really weird for a boy to have this body type. 

"Some boys have that body type... hopefully" Mikey says, who has also put on a jumpsuit to add some fake weight to him, thought not nearly as much, so he can backup my story as if he were there, "But we don't have time to complain, let's go!" We run out the door hurrying to our first class, luckily the weight, though it looks, moves, and weighs like should to others, it doesn't weigh me down, but gets warm from the huge amounts of pee.

We make it to mathematics with a surprising 5 minutes extra, and there's only a few people there, who see me and stare. I sit down across two seats, and Mikey next to me. Another kid, gets up, and comes over and sits down next to me. "Dude, are you new here?"

"No?" I reply, "How come I've never noticed your a** and boobs until now?"

"I may have spent to much time at a pizza buffet yesterday."

"There's no way that this all came from one day!" He says as he pokes at my butt and moobs. Mikey saves me by saying "It's true Alex, I was with him!" Mikey shows his large belly. "Mikey!" Alex says, "I didn't even see you over there." Alex gets up and sits by Mikey, who says "He really did gain all that from that one place!"

"How come you didn't gain nearly as much, even though you still gained, like, 200?"

"I restrained myself after seeing how big it was making us, and tried to stop him, but you can tell that I didn't."

Alex suddenly perks up, "Something smells like... Pee?" He looks around, I pretend that I just now noticed too, and start looking around. Then the professor walks in, and we start class. He asks a question during the lesson, I raise my hand to answer "Yes ma'am... I mean.. Eli???" My body shape clearly confusing him, as the other kids in the class laugh, and I do too. After the teacher ends his lecture, he ask if anyone else has any questions. Nobody has any, but then the teacher says "I have one for Eli and Mikey. How did you both gain so much weight so quickly?"

Everyone looks over at us, and I answer "We went to a pizza buffet, and we stayed there to long, and I have a lot less self control than I should." The class chuckles, but the teacher isn't buying it. "You didn't get sick or anything, but managed to put on seemingly 300 pounds to your chest to make girl-like oversized boobs and 500 to your a**, yet none to your belly?"

"I have a good immune system that's used to my lack of self control, and I guess I have an uncommon body type for that of guys."

"What is that smell??" Someone says in the back of the room, I remember my pee situation and that I could possibly be through most of the pairs by now

The teacher dismisses class, and next is gym for an hour and a half. So now I get nervous from having to change into different clothes while in a room with a bunch of boys and have a huge butt and moobs. I walk in and instantly I have everyone's attention, trying not to hit anyone, as I get hit on the behind repeatedly by the other guys in there. I start taking off my shirt, and people are in awe that my chest is completely flat, yet I have huge moobs, and someone reaches out and pokes them.

"How are they real?!" He says, yet nobody questions how I gained, just how I have my body shape. After I get through the changing process, I spray myself in a bunch of cologne to hide the pee smell, I walk out into the boys gym, and the teachers don't seem to mind, but then I notice something on the lesson plan on the white board: 'Weigh-in' I would have peed myself right then and there if I wasn't already. I sit down on the risers in the back of the room, other guys coming over to analyze my figure.

The gym teachers grab everyone's attention. "Today we are having a weigh-in, to see how much your weight changed from when we weighed in at the end of last month. First I would like to see anyone who thinks they have gained any weight between then and now. Me, Mikey, and a few others get up, and get in line for the scales, I'm pushed to the front of the line by everyone.

"Name?" The teacher asks. "Eli Farlins..."

"You were 184lbs then... Let's see how much you've gained" I step onto the scale, and I can't see the number past my moobs. "I can't see it." I say. The teacher reads it out loud in his naturally loud voice "936 pounds!? You've gained... 752lbs!... height is 6'2.. Your BMI would be.... 120.2?!?!?!?!?!?!?! How is that possible?!?" Everyone is of course listening, as the Gym teacher triple checks the numbers. "Well, I guess your scientifically impossible, and a definite record setter. Congrats, I guess!" I wait to hear Mikey's numbers.

He comes out at 476 lbs from his original of 154, gaining 322 lbs, and his 5'9 height makes his BMI 70.3. "Also seemingly implausible, but the record stays with your friend here, sorry, I think. When everyone finishes their weigh in, we have to play battleball, which is literally like dodgeball, except for a few rule changes and there many various kinds of battleball. I and picked by some group of really athletic kids to join them, and I become confused, then they tell me the plan, I'm supposed to be the human shield that was allowed to be one per group. So I'm walking around, with a bunch of kids behind me, getting hit by these foam balls, as the kids behind me take out the other team, who has Mikey as their shield.

After that's over, I have to have Science for an hour, and then we're done with classes. I feel some pee trickle down my leg, then that dream ends, and I'm again soaked.

Well, either that's gonna continue, we're gonna be back at the other one, or there's some parallel universe thing going on and it's gonna flip flop back and forth.

*005*2018-01-07 21:34

So my second dream continues.

I walk over and sit by Mikey again, fitting into the chairs with some struggle, and the pee starts creating a very small dot on my pants. I lean over and point it out to Mikey, who then just tells me to pull my shirt over it, and hope it stays covered. So we continue to sit in Science class, my cologne is probably wearing off by now. Midway through class, the teacher leaves for some reason, and people start chatting with eachother. The spot continues to grow, and my shirt isn't long enough to cover the whole spot. The smell grows stronger, and I an tell people are starting to smell it. The teacher evidently returns, class is 15 minutes more, and I'm getting nervous.

Class finally finishes, and I quickly get up and run out the door, knocking into things on the way out. I run back to my dormitory, finding it to be empty. I stand there, pee soaking my legs, and Mikey eventually catches up.

"You're really fast." He says, panting. He then comes around in front of me to see the large spot on the front of my pants and down my legs. "You really didn't ever stop peeing... How??" I shrug, as the guy who gave me the jumpsuit comes down the stairs. "You're back! and it looks like just in time too!" He says as he walks around I front of me, slapping my butt. Now, let's remove all that clothes and see if we can find out how to stop your pee..." As we get all the underwear off, more people start coming down the stairs. It feels weird to look like my normal size again. As we remove the last pair, my pee shoots forward again, accidentally hitting Mikey.

"Sorry!" I say, but Mikey doesn't mind, and I remember were literally in the on campus building for that kind of stuff, so it's perfectly fine. Now for the important stuff. First, we start by trying to find out how to stop the pee. After trying to just cover with my hand, holding it in a bottle, and just trying to hold it, someone gives me a can of what looks like soda. I'm told to drink it, and the peeing stops, but then starts just as I run out of soda. Then we try putting a large container over my pelvis. When it fills up with pee, it starts to leak out the sides. Then I'm given a bright purple pair of boxers by Mikey, and when I put them on, it stops.

I'm really excited about it, then realize I can't go back to classes on Wednesday and supposedly lose 752lbs without catching suspicion. So I decide I have to keep the jumpsuit on, and so will Mikey. I put it back on, and when I expand, I knock over Mikey with my moobs when the suddenly appear. I notice something different though, my butt and moobs are larger than before. Mikey is still the same size though.

"Somethings wrong with my jumpsuit." I say, and they guy who gave them to me looks over at me, noticing I'm bigger. "That can't be right... They are the exact same as when you took them off, so they can't be different!" I really don't want to have to look bigger, but again, I have no options. Then I hear knocking and someone calling my name. I quickly put on a nearby pair of dry underwear, and I go through into the hallway made to mask that this is a dormitory for peeing, and see the athletic kids from gym again, with a few other people. I walk out the door to them, as they tell me why they're here.

"We came to ask for you to come to gym again tomorrow." One of them says. "You'll see why when you get there... Also, did you get bigger again already???" When I admit that I have, one of the kids who's in my science class pipes up. "You were in my Science class an hour ago, and then you run out... Did you run out to get food or something?"

"No, I ran out because I had somewhere to be, and sure I'll be there, same time as it was today?"

"No, it starts at 2:00 pm and ends at 5:30, you got time for it?"

"Yea, I guess I do. See you then!"

I head in, and suddenly I really need to pee. I quickly run into the peeing area, and pull of the jumpsuit and underwear, and start peeing, it again flies across the room. However this time, it's stops after some time, until the purple boxers slip off my ankles, I suddenly start infinitely peeing again, until wearing the boxers. I ask Mikey about this.

"It's a side effect of the boxers, your bladder fills up quicker when wearing them, and only stops the infinite pee when they're on you." I put the jumpsuit back on as I tell Mikey about the athletic kids want to meet at the gym tomorrow. "The gym is only open for classes to 1:30 pm on Tuesdays..." I'm confused, but accept that I should still go there tomorrow. Then I finish putting on the jumpsuit, and Mikey freaks out. "Dude! You got larger!" I look down and at my behind, it's definitely wider. I realize that if the boxers make me need to pee seemingly every half hour, and the jumpsuit grows every time I put it back on, I will be huge by tomorrow unless I fix one of the problems.

I then go talk to the jumpsuit guy, and he asks me if I at all got smacked or poked in the butt or moobs. I answer yes, and he tells that probably must have messed up the systems. I ask if he can fix them, and he said he could try. Then the dream ends.

Once again I peed all over my dorm in my sleep thanks to my horrid sleepwalking problems, and this is going to create problems if I can't stop it and someone discovers the smell... So now I'm gonna go clean it for the next hour...

*006*2018-01-09 03:54

Let's continue:

I wake up the next morning, I decided against wearing the boxers overnight to avoid getting up every thirty minutes, and my room is soaked and there's pools of pee in things and on the floor from the nonstop pee the whole night. I put on the boxers, and head down a couple rooms to check the status of the jumpsuit. The guy comes out, "I think I fixed it, try it on." I put it on, but sure enough, there's a notable size difference from yesterday. Dissapointed, I decide sense I don't have to leave until tomorrow, I'll just leave the jumpsuit off to keep it from getting to large, I leave it on a little red desk at the end of the hallway across from the exit, and I can pick it up on the way out.

So I spend the whole day in the dormitory trying to get through my morning and afternoon routine with the infinite pee, but it's just slowly flooding everything, and going everywhere. When I'm in my room, it soaks into the walls, when I'm downstairs, it floods the room, when I talk to others, it's going all over them. Then it's about 1:45 pm, and I've got to get ready to head down to the gym. I put on the boxers, and grab some of Devon's clothes, and grab the jumpsuit by the exit as I leave.

I put everything on and head down to the gym, but the size change's addition seems to be getting worse. when I get there the only people there are the athletic group. One of them looks over and sees me. "There's the fatty!" He says, followed by "He's back and way bigger than ever, though we just saw him yesterday at this time!" They walk over and tell me why they brought me here. "There's no way someone gains 752lbs in a day, then gains more every time nobody's around to see him. Mikey seemed more plausible with 332, though still strange, but your body size and figure seemed easier to find flaws in.

I already am starting to desperately need the restroom, but I decide not to because I don't want to get any bigger. One of them pulls out a scale from the back of the gym, and asks me to step on it. I get on, and can't see the number. One of them writes it down. "You sir, are now 1276lbs! You've gained 340lbs since yesterday morning?!?!" One says, another pulls out his phone, and types some stuff in. "Your BMI is 163.8, 43.6 more than yesterday!"

At this point, I'm either gonna wet myself or go to the bathroom and gain weight. I ask for the restroom, and they allow me too. I run in, and this is the first time I've had to try and pee in with the incredible force I've somehow got. I pull my boxers down deform reaching the urinal, and the pee just flies out everywhere. After peeing all over the bathroom by accident, I leave, replacing my jumpsuit and clothes, and I'm even bigger.

I walk back in nervously, and one of the guys instantly notice I'm bigger, so the step me onto the scale, and read my number "1453?!? You've gained 187lbs in just over a minute?!?!" One exclaims. Another then says "His BMI is now at least 200, maybe more!" Then comes the part that makes me nervous. I'm asked to remove my shirt and pants, and they start in stirs ting what, unknown to them, is my jumpsuit. Then one asks that I remove my underwear. Of course, this is Devon's pair, so I'm fine for now.

Here comes the urge after they investigate longer. I ask to return to the restroom. They send me with someone else to see if something fishy happens, because my bladder's smallness is suspicious. I'm screwed. I can't take of the jumpsuit in front of him, or he'll find out, and even if I get a stall, I can't control my peeing force, and he'll see it happen. So I walk into the restroom, and I decide the gig's up. I remove the jumpsuit, and the other guy just stares. I then remove my boxers and the pee flies out, and the other guy ducks out of the way, and my pee goes everywhere. I then after the pee stops, put my boxers back on, and put the jumpsuit back on, and he sees that I'm bigger.

He runs out, and tells about the jumpsuit and the peeing. I then show them the jumpsuit, and explain why I did it, and how it was glitched to make me larger. They want proof, so I remove the jumpsuit, and put it back on, and my moobs and butt are even larger. They then remove the jumpsuit again, and pull down my boxers, but my bladders not full, so I can hold it. Then they start removing it from my ankles so they can look closer to find out if they're doing anything, but right before they take it off, I warn them "You might not want to stand in front of me when you take them from my ankles." They heed the warning,and remove it from my ankles as it it shoots across the room.

The dream stops.

I luckily didn't sleep walk when I woke up, so it was just my bed.

*007*2018-01-09 21:46

The guys just stand there, astonished by the distance it's making. One of them turns to me. "How?" Another "Why?" And then here comes all the other questions. After clearing up the whole story, they notice it still hasn't stopped. They question why it goes for so long, this is where I run out of answers. They then stand me at one end of the gym, and point me at the furthest wall. Then they watch as it hits the wall on the other side. They maneuver me, and now I'm 'shooting hoops' and 'Scoring touchdowns' and stuff in terms of my stream (if that didn't make sense, it was probably dude to my lack of sport knowlage.)

They eventually give me back the boxers and jumpsuit, but apparently while they were messing around with my peeing, they misplaced my other clothes, except Devon's underwear. Before leaving I tell then that "My size and peeing problem are not to be to kept secret, and I will chose who does and doesn't find out." I leave, in what looks to be in just my underwear, and check the clock: 7:00. It's dark out and the campus isn't very light outside, so I have good chances of not being seen. I walk back to my dorm.

I find my shirt and pants are laying outside the dormitory. With a note 'Found them! -Athletes' Knowing them, they probably knew the whole time, but just were messing with me for a little longer. I walk in, and am greeted by an empty building, everyone's probably in their rooms already. I walk into my room, remove the boxers, jumpsuit, and leave Devon's clothes by his door, so he can give me a fresh pair. I then go into my dorm, there's still pee all over the floor and walls, and go to sleep, pee already going everywhere as I shut my eyes.

I wake up to a sinking feeling. I discover that the whole time I was peeing was flooding my room, and now it's up past the height of my bed, and rising with my pee as it continues. This means the whole dorm room, the bedroom, bathroom (which is just a smaller version of the room downstairs with no toilet or anything) and kitchen areas are in 2 foot pools. I start wading through the pee, and before I can get to the my clothes to change, I hear someone knocking. I go to open the door, but realize that all the pee will spill out, and that I'm still peeing rapidly. "Who's there?"

"It's me!" I recognize Mikey's voice, and warn him about my problem "My room is flooded with pee. You might want to get out of the way..." Mikey replies "It's fine, I'm not wearing any clothes yet."

"Okay, here goes" I open the door, and out floods the pee.

And in comes Mikey, "Hey Eli! I came to let you know that we're gonna be roomies now!" I'm astonished, but confused "Why?"

"You want the better reason or worse reason first?"

"Better?"

"It's because we have a new person to this dorm!"

"Worse news?"

"I couldn't stay in with them because..." He pauses as the pool lowers past his pelvis, and he is also steadily peeing. "...because of this"

"So now you're in the same situation?"

"Yea... Luckily I have another pair of the boxers, but of course I couldn't have to stay with him overnight if I wasn't gonna wear the boxers overnight, but since you already have the problem, it wouldn't effect you much, so here I am. I need to go get my stuff now though, so I'll be right back. You better get ready for classes!" Mikey says, as he leaves.

I run back in and get my clothes on, borrowing from Devon again, and head down to wait for Mikey as I put them on. I realize that I can't fit on Devon's clothes anymore. I have no other option, and classes start soon. When suddenly a teacher comes down to the dormitory. "Hey, Eli" he says, opening the door. "You're being moved to a new dormitory today, so you get to miss classes, let Mikey know he is too." I turn around as Mikey hurries down the hall, and tell him were getting moved. We gather our stuff, and say our goodbyes.

We follow the teacher to the new dormitory. "Welcome to the dormitory for the 'Impossible Children' Your room is on the second floor. Also, you to are here from notice by some of the other students." We walk in, I'm still wearing no clothes, and are again greeted by an empty hallway, we head upstairs to the next floor, and into a dorm with our names posted on the front.

The first room is a huge kitchen, and there are a couple doors to other rooms. There is two bedrooms, and each with a designated name on it. On my bed is a small object, that looks like some kind of dial, but I decide to check it out later, and on the wall is a window into the other bedroom. Then I check the closet. The clothes in there is huge, double the size of Devon's at least. Then I decide to look at the dial. 'Stick this on the jumpsuit, and you can determine how to change the size or not at all.' I stick it on my moob, and turn the dial, and start to shrink down, I stop when I reach what I look liked on Monday. Then I see Mikey in the window, signaling that I head back into the kitchen. We then discover a large living room on the other side of the kitchen, but then realize there is no bathroom, which I guess is fitting for our sake.

There goes the dream.

I didn't wet myself this time though! Horray!

