Desperate Release at the Park

Author: bdp

*000*2021-06-21 21:26

I started my day off as usual with my standard large cup of coffee and a water. I sat down to play some videos games and after about 3 hours I realize I REALLY have to pee. I am squirming in my seat trying to focus on the game but I can’t.

Just as I was about to run to the bathroom I stop myself and think this is the perfect opportunity to try to get myself to have a true public accident. I decide I am going to drive out to a state park that is about a 40 minute drive from my house. Excited, I pack a bag with a change of clothes, some trash bags and a towel. I chug a sparkling water and head out. I grab 3 extra waters and plan to drink one on the way to the park.

As I approach my car I can already feel by bladder bulging a bit and I know it is going to be a close one. I decide to lay the towel on the seat just in case I leak on the way. I crack open the water and head out. After driving for a bit I start to feel that first water hit my bladder all at once. I look at my phone for the ETA and it says 18 minutes. I grab myself and squeeze the tip of my dick hard. I am really not sure if I can wait that long, but I am going to try. I really don’t want to be cleaning pee out of my car all day. I have to hold!

My bladder is rock hard at this point, filled to the brim. My kidneys are starting to ache. I look over at my phone the ETA is 12 minutes. I start checking my phone every chance I get. 8 minutes left “You can make it, You can make it” I say to myself out loud, one hand in the steering wheel and the other has a death grip over the head of my cock. I am in so much pain from holding that I am actually starting to sweat. I start to sing along to the radio to hopefully distract myself. It works a bit but I can feel my bladder starting to spasm. I might not make it… fuck. I look at my phone ETA 2 minutes. I can almost see the park entrance. Finally I am coming up on the turn and my bladder knows it. It is screaming to empty itself as I take the turn, but I can’t let go yet.

God not to mention I still need to find a place secluded to actually pee. I park at the nearest parking lot and there is an inclined walking path up to the top of a cliff near where I parked and there are trails up there. I just have to get to a trail to get some tree cover and I will be able to pee freely. I get out of my car and can barely walk. My bladder is hard and painful I start up the incline hoping people don’t notice my awkward waddle that I have to do to accommodate my throbbing bladder.

I finally get to the mouth of a trail and head down it. I know this trail pretty well and I think I know a pretty good spot to wet myself. Now that I have been walking for a bit it is getting easier, but I am still barely holding on. Every few minutes my bladder squeezes down and I have to hold myself to make sure I don’t leak.

After a few minutes of walking down this trail I realize the spot I have in mind is much further than I remember. I can feel my bladder about to give out at any moment and look for other spots to walk off the main trail but there are none. On either side of my are steep drop offs down the cliff. I start to accept the fact that I might pee myself in full view of this public walking trail. Finally I see a rocky outcropping ahead of me that looks familiar. This is it I am almost there! My cock starts to tingle and I feel my bladder spasm HARD. I almost leak into my jeans just as a woman and her dog crest over the rocks in front of me.

I say hi and smile as I pass them. As we pass each other I see the spot down below. A large platform under a small cliff. The perfect spot for a secluded wetting, only this girl was right on top of it just hanging out with her dog. I have to find another spot. I wince as my bladder screams for relief. I start heading down this very steep hill away from the girl and her dog. How hard could it be to find another spot any way?

A couple minutes of hiking and I realize it is going to be a while before I find a spot even remotely similar. I take a step and slip a bit down this hill and my bladder lurches. It takes all my power not to start spraying the inside of my jeans with piss. I cannot wait to find another spot. That was the spot and it is going to have to be the spot because I am on the verge of total loss of control. I turn around and swiftly hike back up the hill. I don’t even have time to check if the girl and her dog are gone. 

As soon as I see the path to the spot I feel myself slowly leak into my pants. I walk a bit further and another long leak trickles out. I can feel the warmth now. I quickly get myself against the cliff wall and kick off my shoes as I send a stream of pee into my boxers soaking the right leg of my jeans. I can’t even properly push the pee out since my bladder is so swollen I can only relax and let the stream trickle. My socks start to soak up the pee streaming down my leg. Finally sweet relief. I let out an audible sigh as I finish soaking my jeans and the pee comes to a halt.

Just then I hear voices. I can’t tell how far they are so I go to open my backpack to quickly change my pants but I realize I still have to pee. The right leg of my jeans is so soaked with pee it can’t even hold anymore liquid so as I start peeing again I feel all of it waterfall down my leg and the voices are getting closer and my piss is hot against my skin, I know I won’t be able to stop even if they see me. After another minute I think I am done so I whip off my socks, pants and boxers. Quickly slip into something fresh, bag up the pee clothes and pass two girls as I hike back to the car who have no idea what just happened over that ridge.

*001*2021-06-22 22:58

Thank you to anyone who took the time to read and react! I haven’t written many stories here but I hope to write more soon!

*003*2021-06-23 06:25

{{53 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Amazing description!! Shame you didn’t make a vid- really miss your vids on Xtube!!!

}}

Oh man I was going to too! I got a bit distracted though.

*006*2021-06-24 05:34

{{13 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Hehe I guess you had a lot to think about? Do you still have the vids that were on Xtube?

}}

I wish. Sadly they got wiped from there and that is where those videos lived. I don’t like to archive personal videos.

I always think about people going through my stuff after I die or something and finding that stuff

