Allison Wets For Me, Chapter 2: Rewetting

Author: RomanRune

*000*2019-03-23 00:38

Author's note: This story does contain mild sex, and I fear I may have fixated a little much on the descriptions of the various states of Allison's panties throughout the course of this day. Women's panties, or lack thereof in other circumstances, are kinks of mine that become apparent in the details I focus on. A problem I don't intend to do anything about.

This is also sort of long as it follows our experience from mid morning to dinnertime.

*****

Throughout that semester of college that began with Allison's first wetting (Chapter 1) we had several more wet fun times, but these mostly amounted to me asking her to pee her panties on a weekend (free schedules and my roommate was usually gone), her doing said wetting, usually in just a t shirt and bikini panties of my choosing, and ending with passionate sex. Not much to set a scene or build a story around.

The next event of note took place one rainy, cool Sunday, a day not really good for much besides laying around. It was too early in the semester to be worried about projects for classes and neither of us worked Sunday.

I arose from bed around 10:00, naked as she was, climbing over her in our cramped, dormitory-issue twin bed. I looked out the window to check the day, then, discouraged by the gray gloom I saw, pulled up a weather page on my desktop. “Urgh, this weather sucks,” I complained, seeing no improvements throughout the day. “These dreary days always make me feel lethargic and useless.” Outdoor activities were out of the question and neither of us had much in the way of funds for movies.

“I like days like this,” Allison responded lightly, “it's a good excuse to be naked and lazy all day. You should try it sometime.” A common complaint of hers was my lack of a Standby mode, that I was constantly looking for something to work on.

“Naked I am A-OK with so long as you're joining me. But I know me, I will be pacing like a caged lion by 2 pm.”

“Whhaaat if I incentivize you to stay with me inside?”

I raised one eyebrow, and my cock twitched. I am pretty sure she noticed both. “What is it you have in mind?”

“Well, you have asked me before to leave my wet panties on afterwards… this seems like a day well-suited to try that.” I was at full mast before she finished her last sentence. “Well, he certainly agrees. Are you going to be able to control that thing for long enough to try?” She began to tease me, “maybe this isn't a good idea, afterall,”

“Nooo, no no no no. It sounds like a fine idea to me! I promise to restrain myself.”

“Not too much restraint, I hope.”

My heart was picking up pace, wondering what this day had in store for me.

“Now, you want to do the honor of picking the sacrificial cloth?”

“You know I do,” I replied, walking to the dresser that by this point was half her clothes anyway. I found what I was looking for, a pair of white cotton full-back bikini panties that complimented her milky skin quite well, and I found particularly fetching with a wet patch on the crotch. They had been used on a couple occasions already.

“Those again, huh?” she assessed as I turned around with them in my hand.

She slid her legs out from the bed covers and I, acting without prompt as of one mind with her, dropped to a knee to slide the panties on her feet. She stood up and I slid them up her legs, placing a gentle, quick kiss on her tuft of hair before it disappeared underneath the garment.

She put on nothing else, her 38C breast swaying along with her long dirty blonde hair as she led me by the hand to the bathroom. No ceremony this time. No drawn out attempt or coaxing was any longer necessary. She sat on the toilet and immediately let the pee flow, flooding the seat of her white panties with her first pee of the morning. She looked at me leaning against the door frame taking in the full picture, and she flashed me a smile that spoke volumes. Allison felt no enjoyment from the feeling of wetting herself, but she adored the way I looked at her, watching her do it. She told me once much later that she never thought an act of exhibition could make her feel so loved.

Once the stream was over Allison stood up, shook her hips back and forth to sway the remaining drips off, then casually washed her hands. To this day I am not sure if it was out of habit (completely unnecessary as she had literally touched nothing since walking I to the bathroom), or, as I suspect, it was a ruse to give me a breathtaking view of her wet panty-covered rear, bent forward for half a minute. She knew well how to push my buttons, and enjoyed playing whack-a-mole with all of them.

That task complete, she grabbed a towel from the rack and walked past me to the couch, lightly tracing her fingers along my stomach as she passed. She folded the towel neatly, and plopped down on the center cushion. She looked at me with a look that said “what are you waiting for?” and patted the cushion next to her.

I scurried back to the bedroom and grabbed a pair of loose black boxers as well for myself. That couch had seen far too many nights in its life for me to sit naked on it all day. I sat down next to her, in the seat closest to the TV. My roommate had placed his 36” TV all of 2 feet from that cushion, so that, while ludicrous to watch from that close, you could reach the DVD controls without moving, or searching for the frequently missing remote. This suited our purpose just fine.

Allison asked “mind if we watch one of my movies?” This was sort of rhetorical because a) she was partial to 90s action movies like Con Air and Bad Boys for which I needed no arm twisting to watch, and b) given what state her panties were currently in, I couldn't and wouldn't care less what we watched. She earned her right to choose, and knew it.

I put in Payback as I liked the movie well enough, and I knew she had a thing for the scantily-dressed Lucy Liu, the only girl for which Allison any longer harbored any lesbian tendencies. Through the movie we munched on chips and 7-Up, Allison leaning further into my torso as the movie progressed. I was hardly paying attention to the movie (aside from Lucy), and through most of it focused on my gently tracing her body her from waist to shoulder, through her long blonde hair, and along her bare breasts. 

Eventually, but with no sense of urgency, my fingers found their way onto the still-damp material of her panties, and spent the next quarter of an hour or so idly stroking her, enjoying the cool, wet feeling against my finger tips, and the heat emanating from underneath She widened her legs just a little bit, inviting the touch to continue, and progress. I slid the damp gusset of her panties to the right, allowing unimpeded access for my fingers. Allison sank deeper into my chest and closed her eyes, losing herself in the moment.

When the moment was finished and the shudders ceased, she came back to Earth and looked at me, those big green eyes that had destroyed all barriers I had ever erected against others. She smiled and said simply, “I have to pee. Be right back”

Allison stood up and walked away from me, headed to the bathroom. I watched her walk away, admiring the sight of the visibly soiled panties swaying with her hips. I wanted to call after her to rewet the panties she had on, but I felt I should not push my luck. She again pushed the luck for me, calling through the bathroom wall “so, should I leave these on still while I go?”

“Yes!”

“You sure you want these wet? They aren't far from dry, I could be sitting with you like a normal human!”

“No, thanks! Normal is overrated, anyway! Wet is good!”

She chuckled a little and I heard her release into the toilet. I still held my place on the couch when she came back out with a new wet patch on her white panties, turning the lower front translucent, her pubic mound slightly visible as she walked slowly towards me. Without saying a word she knelt in front of me, freed my engorged member from my underwear, and took me fully into her mouth.

When we were finished I held her head against my chest for a few moments, wondering how in the hell I got so lucky, and gave voice to the question.

Allison sat back down next to me with a blanket and a drink, cuddling up to continue our lazy day, wet panties still snug around her waist. I was a little incredulous, we had both just gotten off, I thought that was that for her. “Are you keeping them on?” I asked, rather stupidly.

She looked at me as she popped another chip in her mouth and said simply, “Mmhmm. All day, remember?” Then placed a quick kiss on my stupefied lips, turning her attention back to the TV.

The day played out in much the same way for the next few hours with another movie and light petting, until both of us had to get up to go.

By now her panties were basically dry, though it was obvious what she had done. I took a usual place standing over the toilet to relieve myself when she slid behind my and took hold of the base of the shaft.

“Let me aim, I've always been curious about this,” she cooed. This was unexpected, and a foreign feeling that it took me a disquieting amount of time to overcome. She snuggled her body into mine, resting her chin on my shoulder (I am only a couple inches taller than she), and the reversal of roles about who was soothing whom was not lost on me. Finally I was able to let go, and she directed the stream first dead center, then started aiming it around the bowl, careful not to make a mess, but clearly amused. It is an extremely intimate and at the same time odd feeling of urinating with someone else's fingers doing the guiding.

When done, she tucked me back into my boxers, then pulled me by the hand into the adjacent stand-up shower. No words were spoken; no words were necessary. I stood in front of her as close as I could, and cupped her left cheek in my hand along her jawline as my left hand reached down between her legs, inside her panties. Our lips met.

My fingers found her slick and ready for me and I played with her gently for a moment until I felt her release her bladder into my hand. The feeling of eroticism for me was indescribable, and we were kissing each other in passionate hunger as she continued to pee into my hand, into her panties. The obstruction of my hand made it more messy than normal, as the pee traveled up my palm and all down her legs, and the other way back farther along her butt, wetting the rear more as well. My fingers never stopped touching her all the while, and when she was done peeing she began to buck her hips and whispered to me “don’t stop. Please don't stop.” I could feel her bare nipples like glass against my chest as her body shuddered and she buried her head into my bare chest, wrapping her arms around my torso. I felt her climax and she nearly collapsed. I was just barely able to catch her from dropping to her knees into the remnants of the pee that still pooled at our feet in the shower.

Allison took a moment standing there, still holding me, to compose herself, then said husky, “God, I love you. Let's get cleaned up a bit and head to the bed.”

We turned on the shower to wash our feet and legs. She was careful not to get the water on her panties, which at this point were wet front-to-back. She knew this fact had my heart and cock ready to explode. We dried our legs and feet, making sure the shower was clean, then exited the bathroom.

Allison grabbed the same towel she had been sitting on all day and followed me into the bedroom. We laid it down on another towel and Allison yanked my boxers, which had received a not insignificant amount of collateral damage from her shower release, to the ground, then pushed me down on the bed and straddled me and I pulled the crotch of her soaked panties aside. I needed no guidance as I entered her, then wrapped my arms around her butt to feel the wet cotton fabric of her (now) translucent white panties as we made love.

Afterwards I lay on top of her, hips still pressed hard into her wet panties. “Ready to get dressed for dinner?” I asked

“Yeah. I definitely need a shower before we leave. Join me?”

“I will, indeed.”

I got up, letting my hand slide one more time across her wet underwear, and she stood up to drop them to the floor.

“So, was this a very wasted day?” Allison asked. She was goading me again.

“No,” I admitted, admiring the site of her naked body bending over to pick up her panties and my underwear. The absence of revulsion to the feel of the pee-soaked clothing in her hand was something I took a mental note of, filing away for later. “Your incentive worked. I hardly realized how late it was, or how hungry I am. How was it for you? I know you enjoyed yourself, but is it something you would do again?”

“You mean wearing wet panties all day?” I nodded. “I don't want to make a habit of it, it's not something I want as a regular occurrence in our sex life. But on a rare occasion maybe we can block out a day.”

“Sounds fair. You hop in the shower, I will start laundry and be right in. Think these panties will survive?” I asked, taking the clothes from her. They had had an exceptionally hard day marinating in bodily fluids.

“Oh, yeah,” she said, with that twinkle in her eye again. “Plenty of life left in those.”

*****

We still have that pair of panties, though they're rarely used. Several years ago Allison quit wearing panties altogether (a fact that still makes me light-headed) and she threw out nearly all she owned, but a couple with some meaning to me I asked her not to part with. These certainly are one. Once in a while I will see them in the drawer and the memory of this day, and a few others we had with these, hit me hard and bring a smile to my lips.

