My First (Spontaneous) Wetting

Author: TeaPlease

*000*2019-03-20 16:37

A week or so ago I had my first unintentional experience of wetting. It was a bit of shock, but it was also a thrill, and I'd like to share.

It's my first attempt at capturing this, and it all happened quite fast, so forgive the lack of style!

I say unintentional - I tend to prefer desperation, and I've enjoyed playing around with holding at home. Occasionally those holds have ended with me losing control (perhaps I'll share those sometime, too). But this was different.

I hadn't made any plans to hold , let alone to wet. Quite the opposite in fact.

I was home alone of an evening. That morning I'd cleaned the kitchen and the bathroom up, then met friends for coffee. When I got home I had wine with dinner, and then proceeded to get caught in a long phone conversation with a friend. While I was on the phone, I got those early, 'I could sure use a bathroom break', feelings, but they weren't too intense. They were doing most of the talking, and there simply wasn't a good point to ask for a pause!

As they went on, I noticed I'd tensed up a little, crossed my legs even. I caught myself in a slight squirm on the sofa as they said goodbye,, but when I got up, I found the pressure receded for walking around, and I got caught up in my chores. We had guests coming the next day, and I'd meant to tidy the place a little before my friend had called.

Looking back, I think perhaps I've fallen in to an unconscious habit of always doing 'one more thing' before allowing myself to go.

Anyway, I wanted to get a few things done before heading to bed. I straightened out the living room without any discomfort, and then headed to tidy up the bedroom. When I bent to pick up a few cushions from the floor, my belt dug uncomfortably into my bladder. I felt a dull ache, and sort of faint clenching feeling around my abdomen. I headed towards the bathroom in tense little shuffle, with one hand over my stomach - it felt soothing somehow. I was looking forward to some relief, but didn't have any great feeling of urgency.

As I passed through the kitchen I saw my wine glass from earlier on the table. I decided to just quickly rinse it out in the sink so that it wouldn't stain, and that was my mistake. The sound of the tap running, and the water flowing over my hand sent me into a full blown desperation. I had to go, immediately.

I felt a tight, rhythmic cramping in my abdomen, and I was shifting my weight from foot to foot as I fumbled to turn off the tap. It's only a few short steps to the bathroom, but my hands were shaking as I opened the door. My breath was coming in short gasps now, and my legs felt shaky. There was a steady ache, and I was having to consciously squeeze my muscles as hard as I could to keep from losing control.

With my shaky hands I couldn't find the light switch easily, and while I searched around for it I started holding myself over my jeans to try and alleviate some pressure. It helped a little, but I still felt heavy, clenching spasms around my bladder. I got the light and headed for the toilet, unbuckling my belt with my free hand. As I worked at the buckle I noticed a slight tingling sensation, then felt a little warmth as I let out a single small leak. I felt the material of my shorts cling in that one spot, and I cursed under my breath. but it was only a leak.

I was still hoping to make it ok. After all, I'd cleaned the room that very morning, and really didn't want to have to do it again so late at night! I clenched my muscles hard and drew in a big breath. I thought I had matters under control as I shuffled towards the toilet, both hands grasping at the top button on my jeans.

But I did not. I felt another, longer leak, enough to soak my jeans a little, and then before I knew it I felt a throbbing feeling, and there were a whole series of well... spurts? Little jets? Far more forceful now, and much wetter.. the fabric of my trousers was clinging slightly to my leg and I found myself stood, just staring down. Honestly I couldn't believe how quickly things had gone from 'gotta go soon' to 'going right now'. Having been slightly panicky and annoyed, I was now mesmerised, and excited. The leaks got closer together, and very quickly there was a fairly constant stream running down my leg. I shivered a little, enjoying that first feeling of relief, but then I looked down at the floor (previously very clean), saw the small puddle by my foot, and dragged myself over to the toilet. I wriggled my jeans down and just plonked myself on the seat, still in my underwear, and let out a long, deep gasp or relief as I finally stopped trying to fight it. .

It had happened so quickly, and afterwards I was a little shocked. Cleaning up afterwards, I noticed that my cheeks were bright red. It had all happened almost too quickly to take in. Once I'd gotten washed and changed, as well as that deep physical feeling of relief one gets after letting, I felt slightly euphoric, and calm. I slept really deeply. It was a bit of a surreal experience, but one that made me acknowledge how much I enjoy the occasional bit of Omo...

It made me keen to find space to talk about it, too, which I why I came to this site, and it's definitely given me the impetus to take on some more holds in the near future.

I enjoyed reflecting on it - Thanks for reading!

