No bathrooms in the park for my wife, then interrupted mid-pee

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-11-21 20:10

As I mentioned in my intro post (with bonus story!), I’ve been thinking about writing down my experiences for years but never got around to it. Finally, after an awesome experience last month, I decided I needed to start chronicling my adventures. This is that experience.

Like many of the epic holds I’ve witnessed, this one started without me even thinking about it. Our family had caught Pokemon Fever, so I planned an outing to go catch some (and also trick the kids into hiking). It's a marvelous idea for a game and has gotten countless people out walking around. It is particularly helpful because me and my wife have been trying to get active again, but it’s difficult with small children (ages 7-11) who fight you about going on long walks.

There’s a few good parks in my hometown, but we wanted to try something different for the weekend since it was finally out of the high 90’s. I planned out a few places to go in a large city about an hour away. It was still hot, so we each brought a water bottle with us. Jenna dressed for the hike in a t-shirt and black yoga pants while putting her long dark-red hair in a ponytail. We dropped our oldest off with the grandparents since she wasn’t feeling well, then stopped at a gas station to grab some gatorade on the way out. We finally got to the first park about noon, 2 hours after we first got out the door.

Despite it being much cooler than even a week earlier, it was still a too hot for the little ones in the direct sun. I think we made it for about 10 minutes before they’d had enough. Back in the car, I made sure everyone was drinking fluids to stay hydrated on our way to another nearby park. Same drill as before, but we couldn't get our son to move at all this time. By this point it was after 1 and everyone was hungry, so we headed to one of the malls in town. It was actually well out of the way, but it had what was to be the highlight of the trip - a store with nothing but pokemon items. Since we’d all been sweating, I made sure everyone finished up their drinks.

This mall is on the outskirts of town and took nearly 30 minutes to get there, with everyone draining their drinks before we left the car. Once inside, we went straight to the food court and all got lunch. When we finished, our son (who inherited his mother's bladder) needed to pee, so I took him to the bathroom and our daughter followed as well. Between the already crowded bathroom and being tucked between two popular restaurants, it was an obstacle course trying to get there.

I was worried about finding the girls once I came out due to the crowd, but luckily my daughter was walking out of the bathroom just as I was. I didn't see Jenna, so I waited briefly before I got a text that she was on the other end of the food court. Surprised, we made our way to where she was standing. When I got to her I asked her if she needed to pee. “No, not really” was her answer. I’m not sure what answer I was expecting since she had obviously just skipped the bathroom, but things just got interesting - she just missed what turned out to be her last real opportunity to pee.

Up until this point, I hadn’t even thought about her bladder, but from now on I had a heightened state of awareness regarding her body language. It was around 2:30, about 4 1/2 hours since her last pee, so I made sure I didn’t miss anything. We had all been sweating so her normal 1-2 hour pee schedule was lengthened. However, she had been drinking at least some water throughout, and finished off her large gatorade on the way to the mall, which was enough fluids to at least mostly rehydrate her. On top of all that, she was still sipping our soda so it had to start hitting her soon if it hadn't already.

Jenna hates crowds and avoids them if possible, up to and including delaying a visit to the toilets if she only has a slight need. If she really needs to pee she’ll go regardless, but today I think she was planning on finding another bathroom elsewhere. Still, she was shifting her weight subtly as she looked towards the bathrooms, so I was pretty sure she was still thinking about the toilets. Soon she was jerked back to reality, her mind made up for her when the kids started dragging us towards the store.

We made our way downstairs to the Pokemon store and the kid’s eye’s lit up! They were in heaven and were running around looking at everything. During all of this, Jenna was looking very antsy and finally said “There’s too many people here, I’ll wait for you outside”. It's true it was busy, but not enough to where she would normally have to leave. When she has to pee she gets very antsy, so her bladder must have started getting to her at this point.

After what seemed like ages I finally flagged down a cashier and got the kids rounded up, grabbing Jenna on the way out. Now that we were done in the mall, it was time to head back to the car and go to the last stop - a heavily wooded park that the kids would actually be able to (hopefully) enjoy. As we made our way through the mall, I could see Jenna scouting for a bathroom but there weren’t any between us and the car.

I think my wife was expecting another short trip to the next park where she would hop out of the car and go pee in the nearby restroom, so she didn’t say anything on the way out of the parking lot. I used to ask her if she wanted to stop, but I don't even bother anymore because she always got irritated and told me no. Little did she know it was at least 30 minutes away, and probably more. My dick got hard just thinking about it.

Here, I would like to add some extra info about her stages of desperation. Jenna has several things she does that helps me tell what level her need to pee is at. When she first needs to go, but can’t, she starts getting more fidgety. The problem is that she is always kinda fidgety so it’s hard to tell whether she needs to pee or is just bored. Unless we’re at the house, she won’t mention anything so it’s hard for me to tell. In the car, her legs are normally spread out, but as she needs to pee more they slowly drift together. 

Once it progresses enough she’ll start looking for a bathroom if we’re out, but she still won’t say anything. If we pass by a bathroom she’ll stop, but when we’re driving she still doesn’t say anything otherwise we’d be stopping all the time. Once she gets here in the car, she moves her legs to what I call the “I need to pee” pose: her legs are tight together and after a little while of this she’ll turn to the side some and pull her knees up which allows her to squeeze her thighs and put some extra pressure on her peehole.

Once it starts to get urgent she’ll cross her legs at the knees, allowing her to squeeze her peehole even better. When we’re out somewhere she will tell me she needs to pee and has to find a toilet. If we’re on a long road trip this is when she will ask to stop. What’s nice for fans of desperation is that when we are driving, it can easily be 10-15 minute before we get to a stop which is more than enough to push her into true desperation territory. Even better, she dislikes car rides and wants to get to the destination as soon as possible, so once we’re close (or sometimes even within 20-30 minutes) she will do anything to prevent an extra stop so she will just hold on. Once she crosses her legs, it doesn’t take long before she starts having to put extra effort into holding on, and I can tell by her foot bouncing or shaking and other erratic movements.

If I have my hand on her thigh, which I like to do when we hold hands, I can feel her rhythmically contracting her thighs pretty frequently. By this point she will start making comments about how bad she has to pee. She does kegels all day while she sits at her desk at work so she has a nearly inhuman ability to hold on, and things just keep escalating. She hates making a scene about needing to pee so she doesn’t talk about it too much until she gets super desperate, and she basically never holds herself. The other aspect of it is that when she gets close to relief her need dramatically multiplies. While she may be well within her limits of holding on, one she gets close to a bathroom be bladder decides its going to empty itself and she has to fight really hard to hold it in. I’ve seen her hold herself a few times in this state, but even then it’s rare.

We finally got loaded up by 3:30, and as soon as Jenna sat down she went straight into her pose of sitting sideways with her legs tucked up. After about 10 minutes, our daughter asked how long it was going to be so I made a smart-ass remark about it being 15 hours. Hearing this, Jenna said that she could really use a bathroom and asked how long it would actually be. I told her 20-30 minutes, and I swear I heard a groan from her.

I never want to force her to hold it so I asked if she wanted me to stop, but said she could make it to the park. As she said this, she moved from just having her legs clamped together to crossing them tightly. My hand was on her leg as close to her pussy as I dared, and when she crossed her legs it momentarily trapped it in her crotch basically forcefully pressed into her frantic pussy. I could feel her squeezing her thighs together repeatedly for the next minute.

I had been hard since we got in the car from thinking about her waiting. It had been getting uncomfortable but I was trying not to bring attention to my predicament. After this, though, I had no choice but to make some adjustments. I was fully erect and straining against my boxers to the point it almost hurt. Before I remove my hand though, I had to try something - My middle and index fingers were resting on her pussy so as I was removing them I briefly pushed them hard into the soft folds of her lips. I’m not sure if she didn’t notice or didn’t care, but she didn’t make much additional movement as a I pulled it out and rearranged my pants. It took a lot longer than normal to get my cock into a location that was decent, but she was so preoccupied with her need to pee that she didn't notice that either.

Unfortunately for her, my time estimate ended up being optimistic thanks to traffic. She always seems to fidget, but as we neared our destination she was rapidly drumming the fingers on both hands, far more intently than normal. I reached over and put my right hand on her upper leg again and I could feel her squeezing her thighs every few seconds. Seeing the exit, her leg started bouncing frantically as she said “I need to find a bathroom fast, I hope it’s close.” She rapidly contracted her muscles for the next several seconds followed by a long, drawn-out squeeze. She was definitely getting the “close to relief” escalation!

It was still a couple miles away and once we exited we had to drive a little farther before getting to the park, seemingly crawling just above the 15 MPH speed limit. The longer we drove, the more frantic Jenna got. The park was very busy, and Jenna was commenting on every porta-potty (as she always does) but extended it to pointing out trees that would be good to pee behind. This was a sure sign that she was absolutely dying to pee. It took a little while longer to make it to the hiking trails, Jenna squeezing her thighs together every time we had to slow down for a car or someone crossing the road while simultaneously bouncing in her seat.

I could tell parking at the trails was especially packed, so instead of circling around wasting time looking for a spot I pulled in the first place I saw. Jenna jumped out and started looking around for anything resembling a bathroom, but saw nothing. She was frozen, bent over; one leg was slightly pulled up to add a little extra holding power as she tried not to draw attention to herself while her pee-addled brain tried to process its options.

As if on queue, our son hopped out of the car and announced that he needed to pee. He found a tree right next to the car, which also happened to be about 2 feet from where Jenna had stopped, and walked up to it to pee. Jenna must have been so preoccupied with her search for literally anywhere to pee that she didn’t hear him. As his stream started, Jenna was jolted from her daze. She bent over further for a few seconds, fighting a quick spasm as her bladder reacted to the sounds of someone else getting the relief it so desperately needed. 

She still resisted holding herself in public, but her hands grabbed her waistband tightly and pulled them upwards as hard as possible. She quickly looked away to regained her composure, and as she stood up I could see the damage. There was no wet spot, but her pants were burried in the crevice of her vagina. I could see a look of a envy mixed with little hatred in her eyes as she clearly was coveting the other half of the population’s anatomical advantages in this particular situation.

Before he even finished, she continued down the trail, her mind willing there to be a bathroom around the corner. As we ran to catch up to her, Jenna began power walking to the first thing man-made. It was obviously a sign, so she went to the next structure, which looked like it could be a bathroom. I saw a group of college girls running up to it ahead of Jenna, also clearly looking for a toilet. Meanwhile, I stopped and looked at the sign, and didn’t see a single marking for a bathroom other than inside the baseball complex that was closed. It looked like this park was just serviced by port-a-pottys, which my wife detests and will only use in a true emergency. Given the circumstances she would have definitely used one, but there weren’t even any of those nearby.

Seeing that it was hopeless finding a bathroom I looked up to say something to Jenna. Before I could open my mouth, the first girl stopped, yelling “that’s not even a fucking bathroom!” Hearing this, Jenna stopped dead in her tracks. A second girl said “It’s just a pool, and its locked! Now what do I do?” My already hard cock got even stiffer at this point.

Jenna hurried back to join me at the sign, asking me where the closest bathroom was but I honestly told her I didn’t see anything on the map. I was getting concerned for her, and asked her what she wanted to do. Her eyes were closed, hands clenched tightly in a fist, as she took a deep breath then loudly exhaled. She reached down and gave her pussy a quick squeeze before digging the invading material out. Opening her eyes and relaxing her body, she said “Well, I guess I’ll just hold it. Let’s go hiking guys” before she continued her power-walk towards a trail. Now that she had resigned herself to the fact that there wasn’t a bathroom nearby she was able to hold on again, her bladder no longer spasming at the prospect of imminent relief.

My totally desperate wife, who had been waiting for nearly 2 hours since she first showed signs of needing to pee, had just committed to hold on even longer. My heart was racing like I had just run a marathon, and my dick was so hard it was actually painful. Feeling it trying to explode out of my pants alerted me to a possibly major situation: I’m about 8” long with some girth, which is great in the bedroom but horrible in situations like this. There was a MASSIVE bulge in my pants, so I had to find a way to make it to where it wasn’t too obvious I had a raging hard-on in the middle of a family park. I jammed my hand in my pocket, gripping my throbbing cock from within so only the outline of my hand was seen. It was still quite obvious what was going on if you looked, but at least not to the point where a kid might notice.

The first trail we reached was paved and obviously heavily used. She has no problem peeing outside, but won’t do it if anyone might see her so she kept walking. Since I had parked at the first place I found, it was a decent walk to the end of the parking lot where the rest of the trails apparently started. All the while, Jenna kept trying to speed walk but the kids were dragging behind, forcing her to slow down. Now that we were away from the crowds, I regained the use of my 2nd hand. I was still sporting a monster erection, but at least I didn't have to worry about a stranger seeing it. For her part, Jenna also wasn’t holding herself. It was clear that she was very, very desperate, but if it gets to the point of imminent leaking then she can’t even walk, so we clearly weren’t to that point yet.

Picking the first trail, we walked down it while Jenna was out front scouting for a place to pee. After searching for a few minutes, she stopped, looking at a spot she might be able to use. Just as she was reaching to pull her pants down and finally get relief for her aching bladder, we saw movement behind the trees - this trail backed right up to a road! I highly doubt anyone in a car could have seen her squatting even if they knew to look since there was still a thick line of trees between us, but that was still too much for Jenna. Without saying anything she turned around, back-tracking to the parking lot to find another path.

The new path she found was away from roads, but also looked like a commonly used path by mountain bikers. The problem is that hikers take a while to get to you, giving you time to finish up, but you have about 5 seconds notice with a biker. On top of that, all of the trails had a very thick cedar forest on both sides with lots of underbrush, so it was virtually impossible for her to get much out of site.

As soon as we were on the path, she immediately asked me if I thought it was safe for her to pee there. My response was “I think? Maybe?” She looked at me and said “That didn’t sound very convincing….” I told her that it looked clear and offered to keep watch while she peed. She didn’t like that at all, shooting back “What, am I supposed to just stop peeing? You know I can’t do that!” to which I shrugged my shoulders and told her that if she didn’t like that option she’d just have to hold on.

She chose “holding on,” so we continued onward. Jenna was desperately looking for anywhere she could squat out of sight, but there was nothing. A little farther down the trail, she grabbed the top of her pants and stopped to look at a possible spot, dancing slightly in place before she decided it wouldn’t work. She paused briefly, telling me she absolutely had to pee. I told her that was fine, as long as she was OK with a mountain biker possibly coming up. She huffed loudly then continued on the trail.

She picked up the pace, walking as fast as she could, no longer caring if the kids kept up. She couldn’t keep the pace up for long, though. The jolting motion caused by her walking was too much for her throbbing bladder, so she slowed back to a normal, albeit strained, walk. After what probably seemed like ages to her, but was really less than a minute, she caught sight of what looked like a side trail. She picked her pace back up, grunting slightly with each step, but she was urged onward by the offer the salvation she was so desperately seeking. However, rather than this helping her, the prospect of eminent relief was turning her desperation up to 11 as she started to make slight whimpering noises. When she reached the trail, it must not have been to her liking as she silently turned around and practically leaped to a tiny clearing that was barely off the trail.

It happened so fast it caught me off guard and I wasn’t able to listen for anyone coming. She already had her pants around her knees, readying to drop into a squat, when I yelled at her “Hold On! I need to make sure it's clear!” She bolted back up, yanking her pants back into place, and practically screamed “Seriously?!” As she did this, she went into her pose of desperation - slightly bent over with one knee raised up and crossed over to put as much pressure on her peehole as possible. I’ve seen it many times before, but on this occasion she was doing it to an extreme that I had never seen. It was incredible.

I did a quick visual check of the trail, telling her it looked clear. This was all she needed, and before I could add that I needed to listen to make sure, she was tearing her pants down. As she was dropping into a squat, I heard the unmistakable sound of a mountain bike. I quickly yelled “Stop!”

Her head shot up, surprised, as I heard her stream beginning to splatter on the ground. Almost not believing that she had to stop so soon after finally being able to appease her screaming bladder, she just stared at me with wide-open eyes. I told her I heard someone coming and finally realizing she could be seconds away from someone seeing her, she quickly sprang into action.

Despite my pledge of keeping watch, my eyes were now glued on her. I don’t think my brain had fully processed the ramifications of what I had just said, but subconsciously I knew that what happened in the following seconds would be so glorious that not a nanosecond could be missed. I watched, unblinking, as time traveled in slow motion.

Her first priority was getting herself out of view as she wrenched her pants back up, or at least attempted to. Her right hand, out of view behind her, pulled the waistband up to barely clear her hip. The other was in the front of her pants, managing to get the pants up enough to just cover her pussy. That was about all, though, as this left most of her ass wide open.

Time now froze completely, the image before me permanently etched in my mind. She had her pants partly pulled up, with her left buttcheek totally exposed. Her left hand was buried in her pussy, trying to get as much pressure on her peehole as possible. Her left leg was bent upwards, further showcasing her mostly naked ass, her knee pulled all the way across her stomach to maximize the force of the fingers on her peehole. I was speechless. While this was happening, I heard her grunt loudly, obviously straining massively to clench off the jet of urine erupting from her body. All of this couldn’t have taken more than a second or two, but it seemed like so much more.

Despite her previous claim that she couldn’t stop once she started, she had somehow managed to clamp off the flow. However, it had obviously taken a huge toll on her. Her spare hand was clenched into a fist, her legs quivering from the effort of shutting off the stream that had been gushing from her painfully full bladder only seconds before. All told, she couldn’t have gotten more than 2-3 seconds of relief, and probably less, but now it was infinitely worse for her because she had forced her tortured muscles to cut off the relief her body had been pleading for for so long.

I was still awestruck as this was something out of my wildest fantasies, practically slack-jawed as my eyes absorbed the spectacle on display in front of me. I was snapped out of my trance, though, when she caught her breath a few seconds later. Teeth clenched tight, she hissed “Ohmyfuckinggod are you serious!”; her eyes were still shut tight from the earlier effort. When I told her I had seriously heard something, she yelled back “Fucker! I just peed in my pants!” I listened again, and not hearing anything I told her it was clear. She looked at me with daggers for eyes before I again repeated that it was clear. After a couple more seconds of this, she had reached her limit.

She had previously been turned some to the side, which obscured my view of the epicenter of the action. To my joy, when she crouched down again she was facing directly towards me. Even as she was jerking her pants down, I could see droplets cascading from between her lips. Finally in position with her feet as far apart from each other as possible to avoid any collateral damage, I had a clear view of her gorgeous pussy and the geyser that was now erupting from within. Enthralled, I was unable to remove my gaze from the absolute torrent of pee spraying out from between her legs. It may have been my imagination, but I swear I could see her butt lifting up from the force.

If anyone had come down the trail during this time, I don’t think either of us would have noticed. She was too busy trying to force the sea of urine out of her body, and I was mesmerized by the display being put on by my beautiful wife. 20 seconds in, the river coming from her body lessened to a normal, but still powerful, stream as she gasped for air. She yelled “OH MY GOD!” then went back to gushing for another 10+ seconds. All told, it was over 30 seconds of a VERY powerful stream. It wasn’t the longest pee I had seen from her, but it was definitely the strongest. I was in awe.

The second she stopped, she yanked her pants back up, taking several seconds to get them rearranged, and headed straight back towards the car. I lagged behind slightly to check out the clearing, and was speechless. There was a small crater where her jet of pee had blown away the dirt beneath her, with a small stream leading to a sizable pool about a foot away. I wish I had a way to measure it, but I wouldn’t be surprised if she held over a liter. Quickly following, I tried to visually assess the damage to her pants. They were black yoga pants so it was hard to accurately make out. I got closer, walking in front of her, and I could definitely see that her crotch was shinier than it should have been. It’s not like I needed the confirmation, though, as I had personally seen the jet of pee spray into her pants. Knowing this was an event I would hold on to forever, my mind immediately starting going over all the details of what had just occurred, determined not to let anything slip.

The day's adventures weren't done, to be continued soon!

*005*2016-11-23 05:07

<content warning> mention of sex

I'm going to post the next installment tomorrow, but I had to put in this quick update - she 100% said that was the worst she had ever had to pee.

This evening we were having sex; she was tired and already had several orgasms so I could tell she was ready for me to finish. I wasn't particularly close, so I made an off-hand comment about how she could talk to me about times she needed to pee to speed things up.

She said "What, you mean like right now? Because I do pretty bad."

I told her that was a start so then she said "Oh, how about the time I peed in the woods."

"Yeah, what was super hot. So how bad was it?" I answered.

She seemed kinda confused, obviously not used to this kind of dirty talk. Again, I asked "How badly did you need to pee?"

"What, you mean so bad I peed in my pants?"

I could feel myself closing in on the orgasm, so I pressed further: "So was that the worst you've ever had to pee, then?"

Without hesitation, she emphatically said "Oh yeah, definitely." That was all I needed to finish, with her coming again as well in response.

There you have it: confirmation that was the worst she had ever had to pee!

Edit: I would also like to add that her pussy has a vice-like grip, stronger than I've ever felt it. She asked me how I like it, adding that she had been going crazy with the kegals the past few weeks at work. I can only imagine how well she can hold on now!

*008*2016-11-24 06:49

<Content warning> Light sex at the end of this post

It’s been over a month, and I’m still in awe that I was able to witness something like that. It ticked pretty much all of the boxes for my ideal scenario, culminating in one of the hottest things I can think of - she desperately started peeing, then had to stop after a few seconds. What is even more amazing than just the encounter, though, is what it led too.

As soon as we got in the car, Jenna chugged a bottle of water since she hadn’t been drinking anything in a while due to the state of her bladder. Meanwhile, the kids got in the back of the car and promptly fell asleep. Once we were up to speed on the highway, I brought up the topic of her desperation. Jenna is very aware of my liking it when she has to pee, and periodically indulges me, but I don’t think she ever understood the true extent of it and this was a perfect way to start the discussion. Normally I’m shy with this subject, even with someone I will tell anything too, but I couldn’t let this opportunity pass.

I mentioned that I was sorry she couldn’t find a place to pee, but that it was a massive turn-on for me. She looked down at the bulge in my pants and said “I can see that!” I looked at her (well, glanced because I was driving) and told her “You have no idea. That was possibly the most turned on I have ever been. When you realized there wasn’t a place for you to pee and you kept going, by cock might as well have been a steel rod. It was so hard it hurt.” She looked me and told me she was sorry I had to go through that. Reaching over to stroke it, she let out a little “Oh!” when she felt how hard it was. “See, I told you it turned me on! It’s been 15 minutes since it happened, so you can only imagine what it was like then.”

She paused, thinking, before she leaned over and whispered “Well, we’ll have to make sure he feels better later” as she stroked my still hard cock. I told her “I hope so, because it's pretty bad! You know when I tease you and don’t let you cum for over an hour? You know how your clit feels? Image waiting all day.” She got a concerned look and cooed “Oh, that IS bad! If the kids are still going to their grandparents tonight, I will definitely make it up to you.” Despite enjoying this talk immensely, I changed the subject, desperate to get sidetracked enough for my erection to subside.

About 45 minutes into the drive, I was surprised to see her close her legs and start fidgeting around. I had been trying to distract myself so I didn’t think about it, but not only were her kidneys going working overtime to process the backlog of urine from earlier, but she had also drunk a lot of water when she got in the car. We still had 30 minutes until we got home, so it looked like I was going to get an encore performance.

She didn’t make any mention of it for a while, instead remaining totally silent, but about 15 minutes later she crossed her legs and squeezed them together tightly. As we took the exit to our house, still about 5 minutes from home, we hit the a bump which caused her to yelp loudly. I asked her what was wrong (fully knowing the answer) and she admitted that she needed to pee pretty badly again.

Things started stirring in my pants, so I decided to bring up the topic of her earlier desperation again. I asked her why she didn’t pee at the mall, and she confirmed my suspicions that she barely needed to pee at the food court so she decided to wait because of the crowd. She also definitely needed to pee before we left, but thought we were going to be at the park soon so she didn’t want to make a big deal out of finding a bathroom. After telling me this, she squeezed her legs together again and told me to stop talking about be because it was making her have to pee even more. I was now rock-hard, and couldn’t wait to get home.

Back at our house, Jenna hurried to the door in front of the rest of us. When I unlocked the door the kids forced their way past her and ran upstairs, thankfully leaving us alone. Jenna went straight to our bedroom, me following closely behind. She was already stripping her clothes off as I closed the bedroom door, and was quickly before racing to the toilet where she sat down with an exaggerated sigh. We never close the door when we pee, so I came up to the door like I commonly do. This time, though, I followed her in to see how far I could push this, again saying how hot it was earlier. I kissed her deeply as my hand moved to her breast. As she kissed me in return, not objecting to me kneading her already-hard nipple, I got an idea. My other hand slid between her legs, briefly entering her stream before I moved it further, stroking her clit. She pulled away from the kiss with a look of surprise, but she didn’t move my hand.

Emboldened, my dick took over my thoughts as I did something I had been wondering about for 20 years: I slid my finger down over her peehole. To my amazement, her stream stopped! She made a surprised yelp, her bladder momentarily pushing harder against this unexpected blockage. I couldn’t believe it! It honestly didn’t take a lot of pressure, and I completely stopped the flow. I held it for a couple seconds before she whacked my hand away. Before she could say anything, I told her I had always wondered if you could hold it by pressing on the pee hole. She said “Yeah, of course I can, but it hurts!” before she pushed me out of the small room with a sly grin.

Once she was in the shower, I went back to our bedroom to check her clothes. The crotch of her yoga pants was definitely damp, and were certainly more so when it originally happened almost 2 hours prior. Her panties were still quite wet. In addition to the urine, I could also smell something different - she was turned on! That would explain why she didn’t fight me in the bathroom.

My dick at full attention, I removed my clothes and joined her in the shower. She looked down and smiled as I started massaging her soapy breasts. She reached down to grab my swollen manhood, stroking it softly as I again brought the subject back to the trail. The first thing I asked her was what would have happened if there had actually been someone and she couldn’t just pee immediately. Without pause , she said “I guess I would have peed in my pants.”

“Really?” I asked. “But you stopped.”

“Yeah, I did, but it hurt so bad. There was no way I could have waited any longer.”

Abandoning my questioning, I couldn’t take it anymore and started kissing her while I reached my hand downwards to return the favor. My fingers effortlessly slid inside her as she let out a long moan of pleasure. In a matter of minutes, we both came together in shuddering orgasms. Despite just having peed, she still squirted a little as she climaxed. I had already gotten what I had come to the shower for, but after I regained my composure and returned to a normal mode of thinking I decided to stay and clean up in preparation for hopefully having a night to ourselves. It’s a good thing, too, because I got more than I’d bargained for.

Stay tuned for the exciting conclusion!

*011*2016-11-25 07:58

Thanks for all the support, guys! It's really encouraging to hear that it's as good as I hoped it was. There's lots more to come! I'm hoping to get the last part posted tomorrow.

*012*2016-11-28 01:40

<Content Warning> This post contains lots of sex. It revolves around holding a full bladder while having intercourse so it is all relevant to this site, so you have been warned. I removed as much graphic content as possible without compromising the story, but it is still pretty graphic at times. I'm not sure what the boundaries are for this section, so if its still too much let me know!

While she was finishing up in the shower, I verified my parents were still going to have the kids over. We got their things together and I could barely wait for that night. It was only a couple hours before we dropped them off, but it drug on forever. It didn’t matter what I thought of, my mind kept drifting back to what happened earlier, then to the possibilities of that night, and I couldn’t do anything to get rid of my persistent erection. On top of that I was also worried about not lasting long that night, so I gave in and rubbed one out before we left.

Once it was finally time to leave, we dropped the kids off then we ended up staying and talking for a while. We finally pried ourselves away and we went our favorite Thai restaurant. I was keeping track of her liquid intake, and she had 2 glasses of soda and 2 more glasses of water thanks to the spiciness of the meal, plus another soda to go. Once we finished, we headed down the road to walk around the city square and down a path by a creek. It was very romantic.

In addition to the pretty surrounding, there was also a distinct lack of toilets. All of this was planned by her, and we had been here many times before, so I’m certain she knew this. I don’t know if it was a coincidence or on purpose to keep herself from being able to give in and pee, but there was going to be no relief until we got home. We continued along the water's edge, holding hands and talking. Even without thinking about her bladder I was enjoying the night, and I know she was getting turned on as well.

After 20 minutes, she suggested we head back. I agreed, since we were almost at the end of the trail, and we turned around. Halfway back, she stopped talking as much as before and asked me how far it was back to the car. I told her we walked about 20 minutes out, so we still had 5-10 minutes left. She groaned and picked up her pace, barely talking the rest of the way back.

As soon as we got to the car, she stopped and looked around before getting in. Once seated, she firmly clamped her legs together and was subtly jiggling her foot. She looked far from her limits, but she would probably normally be actively searching for anywhere to pee. I put my hand on her upper thigh, then slid it further to her crotch. She grabbed it and placed it back closer to her knee before telling me to stop because she had to pee. I decided not to push it, so I left her alone.

I couldn’t help myself, though, so about 5 minutes later (as we were nearing our house) I asked her what she had planned and put my hand back on her thigh. She told me that she had planned on holding it for me before we had sex, but she misjudged and had to pee bad. When we turned on our street she crossed her legs and bent forward, unbuckling her seatbelt before we even got to the driveway. It looks like she was just trying really hard to hide it when we got in the car, because she looked like she was bursting as I parked.

She jumped out of the car and stood impatiently at the door while she waited for me to unlock it. It had been 3 hours since she last emptied her bladder, and it was now screaming for relief. Normally I won’t even bother trying for sex when she has to pee that bad, but I knew she had been planning this so I went ahead and gave her a deep kiss as soon as the door was closed. She responded, then pulled away and firmly told me “I REALLY have to pee! I've got to go first.” I held on to her hand as she started towards the toilet before she stopped suddenly. “Fuck, I almost forgot I was holding this for you. If you want this it needs to be now before I pee all over you in bed.”

Not wasting a second, I guided her straight to the bedroom and we were both totally naked in less than 10 seconds. I could immediately tell she was very aroused, so I skipped the foreplay (which she doesn’t like anyway) and we went straight to bed. I made sure to put down 3 towels as she is a squirter at the best of times and this was sure to exceed that.

Normally when we have sex when she needs to pee, she just needs to go but isn’t desperate. I drag it out until she tells me again that she really needs to go, then I ask her if she wants to go from behind if I’m not close to finishing (since I don’t want to push it past where she enjoys it). She will (almost) always say yes because she’s trying to hurry me up, and on some occasions she gets so desperate she will actually bring it up without me asking.

The ironic thing about this is that it is actually the worst position for her if she’s worried about her bladder. She knows this because I’ve heard her say it many times, but I think subconsciously she keeps doing it because her orgasms are so strong. In addition to me perfectly stimulating her g-spot, when I am inside her it definitely compresses her bladder. Even better (for me), it also completely closes off her urethra from within; she can try to pee all she wants but it will just remain trapped inside.

We’ve had sex many times when she needed to pee to varying degrees, with some of the sessions lasting 30+ minutes and ending with her absolutely frantic and practically exploding on her final orgasm. However, I think this was the most desperate she had ever been when we started having sex. She was so full that she immediately went onto all fours and told me to please hurry. I didn’t need to be asked twice, so I went behind her and slid my rock-hard cock effortlessly inside.

As soon as I entered her she grunted and moved her hips forward a few inches as she reacted to the sudden extra pressure on her swollen bladder. She told me again how bad she had to pee, so I asked her how bad it was. She shot back “I haven’t peed since before we dropped the kids off, so you be the judge”. Acting like I took her question seriously, I started calculating out how long it had been since we left before she interrupted and said “I don’t care how long, I just know that I’ve had to pee since we left the restaurant and if they didn’t have a damn light I would have peed in the parking lot before we left.”

Still buried deep inside, I responded by asking her if it was as bad as that afternoon. She laughed and told me “Nowhere near! That was so much worse than this - you wouldn’t be close to my pussy if it was that bad”. Hearing this, my shaft instantly swelled up even more. She could feel it, too, exclaiming “Oh, you just got SO HARD” and started her first orgasm without me even thrusting.

At this point, I nearly came as well. However, there was NO way I was going to let this end that soon. I knew that if I could get past the initial high I could keep going, so I had to do something. I feel bad pulling out while she is mid-orgasm, so I waited until she was done but it was almost too late for me. While I was waiting for things to calm down below, I inserted a few fingers in her sopping pussy. As soon as I did I could feel the extra hardness of her bladder protruding inwards. No wonder she yelped when I went in - my dick was directly shoving her bladder out of the way!

I curled my fingers downward towards her g-spot (and bladder!) like normal. She immediately jumped and yelped “Ah! What are you doing? I have to pee!” I kept it there for a few more seconds, her squirming around the whole time, before I felt a few drops leak out. Taking pity, I removed my hand and started massaging her swinging tits.

“Why aren’t you fucking me?” she said. “I need that dick inside of me!” but I ignored her, rolling her nipples between my fingers. I was just trying to tease her, but she was so turned on that in less than a minute she had another orgasm just from that! As soon as her orgasm hit, she started squirting like crazy. I took one hand and plugged her peehole, stopping the flow. I expected her to say something but she kept going, her orgasm apparently distracting her.

When she was done, I pulled my hand back to get ready enter her once more. To my surprise, she immediately started peeing again! Apparently it wasn’t just squirting earlier, but totally losing control. Not wasting a second, I shoved my dick back inside, firmly clamping off the outlet to her bladder. She practically screamed at the unexpected intrusion. I leaned over again, and joked about her peeing the bed. Between breaths, she said “All I could …. think about …. was finally being …. able to pee! It was …. Wonderful …. until you …. cut it …. off....” before she stopped being able to talk completely; another orgasm washing over her.

Without going into details, the next 5-10 minutes consisted of her having near-constant orgasms interspersed with her telling me how bad she had to pee. Finally, as I was getting close to the inevitable, she screamed out “Oh god, I can’t take it! Just finish already so I can pee!” I immediately stopped thrusting, and teased her “You can’t have to pee THAT bad, can you?” She just groaned “Oh god. No words. Its nothing like this afternoon, but still way too much with you pounding on my bladder…. Plus I need to cum so bad, but I’m so full that if I cum like I need to I will just pee everywhere!”

At this, I reached around, still without thrusting, and started rubbing her clit to force her to have a real climax. She squealed out “Oh god no!!!!” and started trying to cross her legs, but there was no way she could do anything. I gripped her harder, unintentionally digging my palm into the bulge in her abdomen. “Please no, I have to peeeeeeeeee” she wailed. She reached down to move my hand, but ended up using it to press harder. It didn't take long before we both had MASSIVE orgasms.

I still didn’t remove my cock after I finished, her bladder firmly sealed shut. She was still having her orgasm, with it increasing in intensity with each second I denied her the release she really needed. I pressed hard to stay inside her as long as possible, but only lasted another few seconds. Her pussy was clamping down to the point it was starting to hurt. She let out a deep guttural moan and she finally contracted so hard that it forced my cock out; a huge jet of pee shooting out onto the towel. It took her a second to realise she was still peeing before she sprinted to the bathroom with both hands in her crotch, a trail of droplets left behind her. I quickly followed her, watching as she let out a 30-40 second gusher (huge for her) while her orgasm was finishing. She wiped, stopping on her clit as she shuddered with another orgasm.

She sat still for a few seconds while she regrouped herself, then started getting ready for bed. She was still partially crossing her legs, giving herself mini-orgasms as she brushed her teeth. Before we went to bed, she peed another gusher. “Wow, there sure was a lot still trapped in there!” she said, as her bladder continued to drain into the bowl. Once again, she orgasmed when she wiped.

It always takes a while for my erections to dissipate, but after this it really wasn’t going anywhere. I was on top of the blanket when she got into bed with me. I looked at her, smiled, and said “See, it was worth it, right?” She simply looked back at me with an exaggerated nod and a huge smile. Her gaze went down to my hard-on, which she grabbed promptly. Her legs were splayed wide apart and her pussy still as slick as ever. Without saying anything, I climbed on top for round two.

