Coming home with dad

Author: blisster

*000*2017-02-12 18:37

I was 18 and thought i had an iron bladder - well OK I wouldn't have thought that when I was 16, but youth is ever-optimistic. I worked in the business sector of the city and my dad was in another office not far away. We would often end up on the same suburban train going home and on this particular snowy Friday we had met up. Our journey lasted half an hour and although I had thought about using a toilet before we got on the train, hadn't bothered because there was a public bathroom we would pass on our walk from the station to our house.

Standing jammed together with other people on the crowded train I began to be aware that i had better get to that public toilet pretty quickly once we got out. We arrived at our stop and got out of the station. I mentioned to dad that I was bursting and he said he really needed to go as well. We walked as fast as we could through the snow to the toilet which was at the entrance to a park. As we drew neat we saw a notice on the door and then got close enough to read the typewritten announcement that said the "facilities were closed due to frozen pipes".

Dad asked how urgently I needed to pee. I resorted to the code we had used in the family when I was younger and said "very,very". We both knew this meant there was little time left and I only said it this way if I new I was going to go in my pants very soon,or dribbling had started. Dad said "Me too".

There were throngs of people around and I said "There's no where to go". Dad told me not try to make it all the way home but to listen to him. He then said that because we had long overcoats no one would see if we wet ourselves, and that as we had half a mile to walk there was no alternative. I told him I didn't want to and asked what mum would say. He said Hold it if you can, but I can't and am peeing down my leg because we have no choice - mum will understand.

I couldn't quite cope with the thought of my dad pissing his pants, but he was right and by now the warmth around the front of my Y fronts indicated that the battle was lost.

I told dad I had finished and he said "better in than out". I did feel more comfortable - in the way I always did when I had been holding and had had an accident - kind of relief because i could relax and a sense that nothing worse would happen. I got less comfortable as we walked on the my icy cold wet trousers clung to my leg.

We got home and as we took our coats off in the hall dad said to mum "Brian's wet himself - but it wasn't his fault". Mum said "He's too old for that" and dad replied "well so am I!" She said "You haven't have you?" Dad nodded and then he explained about the cold and the locked toilet. We cleaned up and by the time we had dinner (in our pyjamas and dressing gowns) we ate to the sound of the washer whirring away in the kitchen.

Mum didn't seem too upset but I overheard them talking later and she was saying something about "not encouraging him".

At bedtime she said goodnight and then added "perhaps I had better leave the plastic sheet on your bed a little longer". But there was a smile on her face.

