Do any of you get sidetracked and forget about peeing, even when quite desperate?

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-10-17 01:34

I'm wondering how many out there can really need to pee, aren't planning on a hold, yet just flat out forget. I ask because my wife does this not uncommonly, including a nice one just now.

Earlier tonight, we (Me, my wife, and 2 kids of 7 and 8) went out to catch pokemon - I drive while the rest of the family catches them. Normally, I pay attention to my wife before we leave to see if she pees (she normally does), but I didn't tonight because it had been a busy day and we were in a bit of a hurry to get out the door since in's a school night. We all piled in the car, and drove to a few pokestops nearby (places you go to get pokeballs, which you need to catch pokemon) then I stopped for gas. By the time we made it to the park where we were catching them, it had been about 30 minutes. It was dark by the time we got there, and as I didn't want to walk around out of safety concerns I just slowly drove them around the park.

A few minutes after we got there, I saw my wife cross her legs. This wasn't her normal crossing legs either, it was crossed way up high and tightly. I though back on it, and I couldn't remember the last time she went to the bathroom! We had been doing stuff together for quite a while, so it must have been at least an hour and a half. With my wife's tiny bladder, that is a long time, so no wonder she was crossing her legs. We continued around the park for another 30+ minutes before we headed back home. I was way off my game tonight, as I wasn't even thinking about her need to pee anymore.

I made my way home, going out of the way a few times to get more pokeballs, and made it home about 1 1/2 hours after leaving. We then made the kids a snack, and I sat down of the couch. A full 10 minutes after getting home, I hear my wife go AAAAHHHHHHH. After a bit, I realized she was just now peeing! I set down my laptop, went into the bathroom, expecting her to he already at the sink, but she was still peeing! It lasted for almost a full minute, which is MASSIVE for her.

*001*2016-11-09 21:22

This was hidden for a while so I think it may have gotten buried before many people saw it. I just got off my trial period, so I'm bumping this back up. I'll go ahead and add some more since I'm here.

Its not uncommon for my wife to forget to pee when she leaves work. She also tells me that when she's in the middle of something she has to concentrate on she will also forget to pee, suddenly realizing her need when she finishes what she is doing.

Once she gets off work,her mind is focused on getting home and then she will remember about having to pee once she's driving. With very, very few exceptions (basically only trips over 1.5 hours), she won't stop anywhere to pee. I have never known her to stop on her way home from work, no matter what. This has led to several interesting events, particularly on occasions when she doesn't pee, and has also forgotten to pee for a while at work. She sips water at work to stay hydrated, so that combined with her small baldder means she goes to the bathroom almost every hour. In fact, she apparently took the most breaks of anyone at the call center she used to work at, but she kept them very quick so they didn't have a problem.

At her job when we met, she worked 30-45 minutes from her apartment. This meant that she would have to wait that long before getting home to pee, sometimes longer if there was traffic. On one instance not long after we started dating, she called me right after she got off and she was so excited to see me she didn't stop to pee. Then, she got stuck in traffic and it took her an hour and a half to get back. This will get its own post with more details (its a good one!)

Her current job is 10-15 minutes from home. Basically every day when she gets home she goes straight to the toilet. It ranges from changing then peeing, all the way to a mad dash for the toilet. One particularly memorable time, she told me she was going to be late because of road construction. When she finally got home, 45 minutes later, she dropped everything in the doorway and was power walking into the living room, her eye's fixed on the back hallway as she started undoing her pants. I got in her path and reached out to hug her (like I normally do when she gets home) but it surprised her because she was so intent on the bathroom. She bumped into me and said "Ouch! What are you doing!" and pushed her way past me. She dropped onto the toilet, sighing loudly. She took off her pants, with her panties coming with them, before she threw the panties at me and said "Thanks! You made me pee myself back there!" Sure enough, they were a little wet in the crotch.

*003*2016-11-09 22:57

Whats interesting is that she seems to put it off to the point of forgetting about it altogether. Given how single-track her mind can be when focused, I believe it.

Also, while she puts it off to the point many people would wet, she is a master at kegals and can hold seemingly forever (I've never seen her wet at all other than once when I jump-scared her on the way to the toilet). Not necessarily the best for many people on this board, but wonderful for people like more who mainly enjoy the desperation aspect.

