Catalogue sales stories

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-12-30 00:17

Catalogue sales stories

For a number of years I was an area manager for a catalogue sales company. I ran a team of distributors, recruited and trained them, and managed my area well. Part of my remit was to visit the distributors weekly in their own home collecting cash, topping up catalogues and taking their weekly sales. I also delivered all the goods they had ordered too. The following are all true stories of my time in this job.

Pauline

Pauline and her partner were lovely, genuine people both in their mid twenties and just looking to get a bit of extra cash to help for holidays. Pauline took to the job instantly and needed minimum training so I left her to continue her first full week and went to visit her at home the following Thursday morning to hear how she was getting on and to teach her how to complete her first order sheet. I had been in regular contact with her and I knew she was doing well. The visit was relaxed and as we chatted over a cup of tea I asked how her week had gone and did she have any questions. The room went silent initially before the boyfriend prompted Pauline to ask. Pauline had gone red with embarrassment by now so I was wondering what she was about to ask.

Finally, with her face looking at a picture on the wall rather than myself she shyly asked me if I had ever been bursting for the loo while out working and if so was there a company policy on using stranger’s bathrooms?

Before I could even reply the boyfriend put his arm over Pauline’s shoulder and hugged her close. ‘Tell her what happened honey’ he encouraged.

Pauline slowly relaxed as she went into a long and detailed story about what had happened the night before. She told how she had a full 80 catalogues to pick up so she had a cup of tea about 6pm before heading out to knock on the doors to collect them. She showed me her sheet I had trained her to record and pointed to a street and number explaining how she started to need the loo at this house but by then she had only been to 27 doors but that the cold weather was getting to her and she tried to ignore it.

She said at times it was ok but at other times she was uncomfortable and would cross her legs as she waited for the door to be answered and that the walking was helping. I encouraged all my team to carry water with them as dehydration is a hazard of the job with the talking and warmth of people’s houses whilst in your coat and hats etc. So Pauline continued to drink while working and she explained that by the time she had been to 60ish doors she was getting more and more desperate for the toilet yet further and further away from her house. The crosses legged wait was more like a pee dance by now and she had to keep moving to prevent any accidents.

She continued to drink her tea all the time continuing her very detailed story saying how she marked the map with houses she needed to call back to, houses she had orders and any she felt were either empty or had loud barking dogs who had perhaps chewed and destroyed the catalogue. She was detailed, thorough and animated. All the time her boyfriend was encouraging her to tell more and I wondered if he was enjoying hearing as much as I was?

Pauline continued on saying that it was so embarrassing but she was openly bursting by the last ten doors and it would have been obvious to the person answering that she could not keep still. She confessed to holding herself whilst waiting on the doors opening.

By now she was over a mile from home and she had realised if she walked back home she would absolutely wet herself so she used her mobile to call her boyfriend and begged him to pick her up. He butted in at this point saying how frantic Pauline sounded and he had suggested asking someone if she could use their bathroom as he said he had never heard his girlfriend confess to being so desperate to pee and how she sounded so out of breathe and worried. Pauline and her boyfriend went on at this point to have a bit of a private conversation about how he had suggested using someone’s bathroom but how Pauline was insistent this was grossly unprofessional and she could risk losing her job. She almost gave him a row as she remembered the night before and said to him that to never mind giving her advice just get his ass in the car and come get her before she wet herself in the street in sheer desperation!

Pauline continued on saying she only had 5 doors to go to and that thinking how her boyfriend was coming for her spurred her on to hold on as best she could. The boyfriend said he found Pauline within six or seven minutes but when he got there she was at someone’s door and he pulled the car over just out of sight to watch her as he didn’t want to interrupt her working. He went on to describe how Pauline was marking on the spot, holding herself, kicking her legs behind her and acting almost drunk! Pauline by now had gone red faced again and talked about how she was beyond desperate by this point and how when the older man answered the door to her he handed her the catalogue and then asked if she was ok. She said she could not even look at him she was so embarrassed but that he very gently asked if she wanted to use his bathroom.

Pauline was terrified of losing the job she had not even had a week in yet so told him she had just one final door to go to and she would be fine. She said as soon as he closed the door she ran down the gate with both hands between her legs as she felt her pussy pounding for release. She saw her boyfriend’s car and ran over to the passenger side, opened the door and pushed in her heavy bag of catalogues which was pushing on her overfill bladder and pee danced frantically while attempting to tell her boyfriend she had just one more door to do and she would be back as she needed home to the toilet ‘so fucking badly you would not believe’. At this the boyfriend stroked Pauline’s arm saying he really could see how badly she had had to go and how proud he was that she completed the job. ‘You did so well honey’ he assured her as they continued together to tell me the story.

Pauline said she knocked the final door with one hand wedged between her tightly crossed legs as she leaned on the railing longing to get her final catalogue and get home to pee. She had been out for two hours now with over an hour of that time really needing to urinate badly. She looked down at her living room carpet as she recalled dripping in her underwear panicking she would release everything any moment. No-one was answering so Pauline headed down the path with one hard grasping herself when suddenly the door was answered and she had to turn and go back! Having handed her bag to her boyfriend she had to try and explain to the professional suited young man that she was collecting her catalogues back all the time longing to let her hand away from her pussy but knowing the floodgates would open immediately if she did.

‘Sorry, bursting for the loo mate but here for your catalogue please thanks!’

She recalled how embarrassed and emotional she was to have blurted out to a stranger how desperate she was for the toilet and how she literally grabbed his catalogue out his hand and shot out to the car.

The boyfriend went on to share how Pauline bounced in the seat with her hand between her legs moaning ‘I need the bathroom. I need to pee. I gotta piss. I’ve never been so bloody bursting all my fucking life’ as she drove her home as fast as he could.

Pauline said she ran in the house and pulled her jeans and underwear down in one move as she peed for Britain!

‘So are we allowed to use people’s bathroom’s or not is my question’ she now pushed me to answer.

I was sweating after the story and very turned on but I had to quote company policy which stated agents must not use strangers toilets but any public facilities in the area you serve are fine.

Pauline went on to be one of my best reps. She never mentioned her story again though I, of course, recall it in great detail.

She wasn’t the only bursting door to door rep I saw. I’ll post more soon!

*003*2018-12-30 12:56

{{1 hour ago, Alex Oxford said:

That’s incredible! May I ask what she looked like, generally speaking?

}}

She was small, average build with blond curly hair and green eyes. Bubbly confident personality and clever.

*005*2018-12-31 00:01

Billy

Billy was a tall lad in his late twenties, fit, active and keen though he had some mild learning difficulties. He used the catalogue sales as a second job with his main income coming from washing dishes in a local nursing home. He had a great work ethic and was usually very organised.

This one week I was going for my weekly visit as always when I found myself running slightly early as the traffic was lighter than normal and my previous visit had went quick. I parked outside Billy’s home which was actually his parents house so I felt it would not be right to go in a full half hour early. I used the time to check my phone, do some paperwork and generally get organised when I saw Billy coming along the street with a bag of catalogues over his shoulder. He was walking quickly but as he was tall and fit this didn’t seem overly unusual at first.

He saw me at the car and came over to say he had been at work for 8 hours but on his way home he had picked up some last minute orders from customers who had rang him and he had taken his bag with him to work ready. He was leaning in the window and moving more than seemed normal but again I never thought anything of it. He explained he had all his money ready but needed to add his new orders to his order sheet but he could do that while I waited if I wanted? That suited me so I grabbed my bag and followed him in the house where he shouted to his parents that he was home and just doing his catalogue stuff in the kitchen with his manager and he’d see them soon. His mum shouted back as we headed into the back kitchen where we always met.

Billy seemed sweaty and flustered but I assured him I had plenty time so not to panic. He handed me one customer return and a money bag of money and I started filling in his receipt and counting his money as he laid out his big order form on the kitchen counter and pulled out a wad of customer orders from his back pocket. He had clearly had a great week and would need time to add his orders onto the sheet.

I sorted his money and turned to watch Billy who was leaning on the counter pushing against it with his legs crossed whilst working through the orders. He was the sort of person who was best left to do it himself and I knew he was competent and able so I got my bottle of water out and sat at his kitchen table watching him. He wasn’t his usual calm self though and he was sighing and moaning slightly. I reminded him to relax but he said he couldn’t relax as he was concentrating so I remained quiet.

By the time he had done a couple of orders he had to change position, this time with one leg in front of the other and his body bent over slightly. I now started to wonder if he needed to piss but certainly wasn’t going to embarrass him by suggesting it. He changed position again this time moving his legs and bouncing a bit. By now I was certain he needed a wee and I was secretly enjoying it. He was in his own home so he could have excused himself but having me there was somehow making him feel he ought to hold on even though I in no way prevented him using his bathroom.

He sighed again saying he could not get comfortable muttering how his back was starting to hurt so I suggested he move to the table I was at and cleared a space. He picked up his order form and pile of orders and sat on the dining seat beside me. Immediately he started bouncing his knees under the table and he squirmed on the seat too. He looked so uncomfortable and desperate that I thought he was sure to nip to the bathroom any minute. But he continued to bounce on his seat, Cross his legs one way then the other, bounce his knees and wriggle about as he worked his way through his sheets and sighed and moaned a little.

I smiled at him and commented that he was almost finished and casually mentioned how well he had done that week and congratulated him. I never meant to distract him but rather than finish his final customer order he seemed keen to be praised and talked about how he had picked up some big customer orders and how his phone had kept ringing all week and how even his deliveries had all got out easily and how he wished every week was like that. He was wriggling about like crazy now and when he thought I wasn’t looking he slipped one hand over his private area and gave himself a quick squeeze.

My goodness he looked so bursting and I wondered how long he had wanted to go. If he had come straight from work as he said then had to call at quite a number of houses he must have been holding ages! Part of me so wanted to tell him to run to the bathroom before he had an accident but the other part of me was fascinated as to why he hadn’t excused himself already and the fact he had yet to even say anything.

A few minutes later he folded his order sheet up with all his pile of orders and handed it to me stating that he had over £600 of sales that week and commented how he was looking forward to his wages when he delivered it all. Billy was my only rep without a car and I was always impressed at how he carried customer goods so far to deliver by hand. I shook his hand and congratulated him again and suggested we head to my car to pick up his goods from last weeks orders. As we walked out his kitchen I thought about suggesting he nip upstairs if he needed to but then I remembered he was a grown man who could make that decision for himself plus he hadn’t even so much as mentioned any need to piss so why would I even suggest it?

Out at the car I opened my boot where his goods were all neatly ready in two boxes. He also had a few odd items too which I suggested I carry in for him. He bend down to pick up the boxes as I delayed him (not deliberately) slightly by asking if he needed more catalogues or carrier bags. He needed both but while I had asked him he was dancing back and forth with the boxes in his arms muttering under his breath. He walked in to his house taking the boxes to his kitchen table as I came in behind him with the catalogues, odd items and a bag of carrier bags. I put them all on the table and noticed Billy standing crossed legged now with one hand over his crotch. His face was red with his lips pursed together. I asked if he was ok?

‘Yeah, sorry,’ he muttered. ‘I never had a minute to use the bathroom at work then had those orders to pick up then you were here, then I had my order form to do, then get the stuff....goodness I’m bursting for a pee’

He looked it too!

‘I’d better leave you to go. Thanks for a great week Billy. You know where I am if you need anything.’

Ever the professional he followed me to the front door, one hand opening the door for me the other on his crotch holding his obvious penis for dear life.

‘See you next week’ I said as I left.

‘Yeah’ he muttered.

As the door closed behind me I could hear Billy clearly saying to himself ‘shit, I’m gonna piss myself!’

I don’t know if he made it or not and it was never right to mention it. I have thought about Billy much more than I ought to. It’s funny how even in our own homes we can at times feel uncomfortable using our own bathroom when we need to.

*006*2019-01-01 00:01

Bernadette

I had a phone call one day in response to an advert for extra staff. It was a mum desperate for her daughter to get a job and get out the house. I was unsure about it all but willing to give anyone a chance so two days later I went to visit Bernadette at home with her mum.

Bernadette was a twenty year old who had not had one job since leaving school. She spent her time watching TV, eating rubbish, playing computer games and texting friends. She was very over weight and had quite an attitude about her but underneath her bravado I could see she was very good looking despite her weight and very capable.

I told her about the job whilst she pretended to not be interested and she continued to munch on junk and drink fizzy juice. In the half hour I was there she finished two cans of juice and two packets of crisps. Her mum persuaded me to ‘give her a try’ so I headed out with her to start work. In preparation I had previously delivered 60 catalogues locally so I could show Bernadette how to collect them in, in the hope picking up sales would motivate her.

I never imagined just getting her out the house would be so difficult.

She eventually put some make up on, put on some very inappropriate high healed shoes and came out to ‘work’ dressed in very tight joggings and an almost see through top showing her very large breasts off. I figured I could work on her professional dress sense later!

We walked a few minutes from her home and I showed her the map explaining where the catalogues were and how we knocked the doors to get them back. She knew exactly what to do but tried to play dumb. She looked more like she was out on the town than out to work but at least she was with me even if only to get her mum off her back!

By the time we had knocked on around ten doors she began asking how much longer it would take. I explained we still had 50 doors to go when she said she was bored and needed to pee. I told her she could go home anytime but I would have to explain to her mum what had happened and she sighed and carried on.

At door 15 things changed when we picked up an order and Bernadette seemed suddenly interested in the fact she would get paid cash just for something as simple as picking up a catalogue and delivering goods.

She was quick to work out her commission but did moan her feet hurt and she needed to pee.

I ignored her moans and kept her working. She had clearly never worked or even walked far and if nothing else getting out the house had to be doing her some good.

By door twenty she crossed her legs at the door and said to me very calmly that she really did need to pee. I told her we were now a third of the way there and reassured her she would be fine.

I was delighted she was sticking at it but she refused to go to any doors herself which was actually delaying us by quite a lot. Beneath her bravado she was actually very anxious and shy.

About 8 doors later and she was getting quite fidgety. She started moaning it was taking ages and now at every door she mentioned she had to pee. I knew if she went home she would never bother to come back out so I encouraged her to keep going.

By half way through she was sighing, dancing about and getting frustrated.

By door 40 she was getting much more vocal about her need. She was saying she was bursting and not sure if she could carry on. The two cans of fizzy juice she drank earlier were clearly bouncing about inside her and she was very antsy.

A few doors later and I caught sight of her holding herself for the first time. She wasn’t hiding her need now and begged me to stop so she could go home and pee. She moaned she was absolutely desperate and would only just make it home. I told her she was free to go but anything I collected would be mine as unless the run was complete she would not be paid. I felt bad but we really had only 15 minutes or so left and I was 100% sure she would not come back for the rest of the catalogues which would look awful on the company. I promised her we were almost done and encouraged her to try some doors on her own to speed us up.

She was still far too shy which worried me as clearly she would need to do the job alone if I was to employ her.

The street came to an end and as we walked across to the other side we passed a parked car. Bernadette bend over, held herself openly and told me she was so desperate to pee she was going to pull her trousers down and squat right where she was! I grabbed her arm and pulled her past the car. The last thing I wanted was for her to get caught.

She begged me to let her back to pee saying she was close to peeing herself. I told her we seriously had just ten more doors plus we were now heading back towards her house so we would go as quick as we could.

Thankfully a couple of the catalogues has been left outside which helped but poor Bernadette was now in a state and crossing her legs all the time. She moaned continuously about how bad she needed the loo. I could see she really did so decided since she had yet to chap any doors herself and she had long lost interest in the logistics of the actual job that we may as well head back to hers and I would double back for the last few books once I had explained to her mum that she was unsuccessful in her trial.

Bernadette walked back to her house unashamedly holding herself as she walked. She was so vocal which was not something I was used to and I wasn’t sure who was more embarrassed, her or me.

As we finally got back to her house she opened the gate and headed for the divide between the houses as if planning to go in the back door rather than the front. I stood at the front door and called her saying it was best I rang the bell for her mum.

She shouted back to do what the stuff I liked and I looked open mouthed as she pulled her jeggings down and hunched down in the alley right in front of me and peed a massive stream right through her pants!

I never gave her the job but she sure gave me quite a memory!

*009*2019-01-01 18:03

{{3 hours ago, desp-fan2013 said:

Another great story, thanks for posting. Guess she really was bursting if she couldn't even wait to get inside her house.

Since she first started to complain about a need to pee after around 10 houses, with 50 more to go how long was she holding her bladder for before she finally relieved herself?

}}

About an hour and a half in total.

*012*2019-01-03 23:39

Myself

There were plenty of occasions during my years as a catalogue direct sales manager that I really had to pee but had no access to a bathroom. Most times I just did the usual crossing my legs, constant movement and tensing my muscles as much as I could until I either made it home or to a useable toilet. However this particular time I was further away from home and unfamiliar with the area so I had no idea where to find a supermarket or fast food place with a bathroom. It lead to a very uncomfortable few hours!

I’ll start by saying I am a slightly overweight petite lady with dark short hair, hazel eyes and I was wearing smart suit trousers with a jumper and my coat because it was an autumn evening in Scotland.

I was actually really annoyed this particular evening as a new start had quit on me leaving me to deliver all the orders he had picked up the week before in a town five miles from where I lived. It was getting dark and I had already been working all day having stopped at a subway for a sandwich and a drink for my dinner to keep me going until i got home. I had sat in my car eating and drinking while using my phone to get familiar again with the area I had deliveries for. I had been drinking water earlier and not peed since lunch time. It was now about 7pm.

I finished my fizzy juice and set out to find the first address. Getting out my car to open the boot and find the right customer bag the cold air hit me and I suddenly realised I needed the loo. There was no time though as I needed the goods out of my boot and the customers needed their orders. Thankfully the first, and second deliveries (the second was a few doors down) were both home and delighted to get their orders. Climbing back into my car I wiggled a little and tensed as I looked up the next address and started the engine to drive to it. It wasn’t far away but looking for door numbers in an unfamiliar area in the dark was really slowing me down.

I was shocked how much I needed to wee as each time I got out the car the cold would shoot through me making me cross my legs each time I rummaged in my boot for the right bag. The problem was I was on delivery number 3 of 21 and my bladder was already complaining. Had I been in my home town I would have driven to the local 24 hour Asda or to my house and had a quick pee before continuing the job but I was in another town and had just a few hours to get the deliveries out so no time to find a supermarket or even consider driving home. The best thing I could do was just get the job done and hold on.

But my bladder was not for being quiet. By the tenth delivery I was so distracted by my need to pee I was talking to myself every time I got back in the drivers seat or at the back of my car looking for the right delivery. ‘Oh god I’m bursting’ I was saying and ‘I need to pee so freaking bad but gotta hold.’ I was willing myself on talking to myself ‘you can do this. Just keep holding. You are half way through now.’

It was dark thankfully and very few people were around by now as it was about 8pm on a cold evening. I took advantage of that by squirming and dancing at doors as I waited for people to answer. I covered up my constant movements by talking about how cold it was etc. I hoped no-one realised I was actually in desperate need for a pee.

The evening was dragging in now. My bladder ached. My urethra throbbing constantly, my pelvic muscles sore from having to be tensed constantly to keep my urine safe in my bladder.

Concentrating was getting increasingly difficult. I decided to move the bags to the passenger seat to save time. The problem was I was bursting so bad and now holding myself in my car so each time I found the next house I had to remove my hand to get out the car. I would bounce on my seat, wriggle like crazy and bounce my legs until I felt I had enough control to get out and go to the house. Then I tried to be professional and not openly pee dance but it was so hard! I longed for a toilet so bad. I hadn’t been for over 8 hours and my whole body yearned to let out a huge piss. But still I held on.

With just four deliveries to go I gave up as it was now 8:20 and I was aching with my need to use a bathroom. I just wasn’t able to work especially in public and I was terrified of wetting myself.

I fastened my seat belt and with tears in my eyes from sheer desperation to pee I set off for home.

I drove out of the council estate and onto the main road and followed signs for my home town. I knew the road but the volume of urine inside me was starting to affect my memory a bit. Once on the main road I approached a roundabout and had to give way. I screamed out at the driver though thankfully he could not hear me. I screamed ‘oh for God’s sake hurry up before I have an accident. I’m leaking already here! ‘ Severe pee desperation can sometimes make me angry and uncontrollably grumpy. I am usually calm, professional and timid.

The slight delay turned out to be a blessing in disguise though as by having to slow down and look to my right I suddenly spotted a McDonald’s so indicated immediately and went round the round about and parked as close to the door as I could.

I undid my seat belt but had to grab myself with both hands and rock and bounce as some drops had leaked out on the drive. It took over a minute before I was composed enough to get out my car and inside to find the ladies.

My knickers were very damp and my pee went on for a very long time but had I tried to get home I know for certain things would have been very different indeed. I’ve never ever been so glad to see a MacDonald’s in all my life!

*014*2019-01-04 17:58

{{36 minutes ago, slogan66 said:

Fantastic stories as usual, and beautifully written.

}}

Thank you

*016*2019-01-04 23:31

{{1 minute ago, New_Macca said:

These stories are fnantastix thanks so much for sharing. That was a long time you held for even before starting the job. I bet you where disappointed not managing to finish the orders before your bladder became unbearable, the others in these stories all managed to finish their jobs first

}}

Not overly as it’s very much desperation I enjoy (my own and others) rather than wetting, especially in public.

