Enjoying my "Accident" in Bed

Author: xCookie

*000*2015-02-09 23:45

As some of you may know, I struggled greatly with bedwetting as a child. Although I may be into wetting, I need to have control over myself, and bedwetting is definitely not control. It was very embarrassing, having to go through what seemed like the same nightly ritual, over and over again. Wake up wet, remove sheets, wake parents in process, be ashamed of self. You get the drill. Well, by the time I was 10, my mother decided to buy me some Goodnites to see if they would keep me through the night. Thank God they did, I don't know what else we could have tried. But there were a few times that I purposely wet my goodnites, because even though it wasn't sexual yet, I did enjoy consciously wetting myself. It felt so naughty, yet really good as the warmth would spread through my crotch.

So one night, as I was playing with my blocks(I had a lot of them, and could make castles big enough to hide in) my mother came in to get me ready for bed. She asked me if I had gone potty, and I immediately said yes. The truth was, I hadn't, and I was planning to have an "accident" after going to bed.

I was nervous, but also REALLY excited about this. Maybe it showed a little, because my mother had to keep telling me to calm down and get ready to go to sleep. This was the first time that I would purposely wet myself, and I was really looking forward to it. My bladder was already painfully full, and as I climbed into bed, I felt a little spurt escape into my goodnite. the wet spot wasn't very big, but it was big enough to warm that small area a little bit. I must have blushed 20 different shades of red.

Luckily, my mother didn't seem to notice as she tucked me in and said good night. As she reached over to give me a kiss, I felt my bladder contract, sending another small spurt of pee into my goodnite. As she turned around and turned off the light, I immediately grabbed myself, trying to hold on for another few minutes.

However, nature was winning this battle, and I felt the pain get worse and worse, as I started to piddle against my control. So here I was, curled up in a ball in the dark, slowly dribbling into my goodnite, and losing more control by the second. One part of me kept saying how wrong this was, while the rest of my mind was loving every second of this. As I was starting to have second thoughts and considered getting up to use the bathroom, I felt my bladder start to give way to the flood.

A huge jet of pee escaped into my goodnite, and it took me 4 seconds to get control back. As soon as I did, however, another wave of desperation hit me. It started in my abdomen, and rolled outwards towards my bladder. I knew the fight was over, and that when the wave reached my bladder, the result wold be on par with Noah and the Ark. It felt like an eternity before I lost control, and I had time to confirm that yes, this was what I wanted to do.

As the wave hit, I laid back on my back and relaxed as my bladder finally gave in to the flood and wet my goodnite. The warm pee rushed out into the pull up, and reached up my butt, and up my front a little, too. I was in Heaven, the warmth filling my crotch was so fantastic that I wished it would never stop. But, all good things must come to an end, they say, and I finally stopped peeing after about 45 seconds.

I tentatively felt around my crotch, to survey the damage. Luckily, I din't leak, but I was shocked at how much pee my goodntes had soaked up. They must have doubled in size, they were so full! And it was so warm, too...

After this amazing experience, I pulled my goodnite off and slipped on another one, because I knew I would still wet in my sleep, and I wasn't sure if the old one could hold another full wetting. My parents never discovered my absolute love for wetting, and I would eventually grow out of bedwetting. That day was great, and I got caught up in the fact of no more embarrassment, that I would soon forget my love for wetting diapers for several year, until I was almost 16. But that's a story for another day.

*002*2015-02-10 00:32

Thanks :D I think for my next few posts, I'm gonna take a stroll down memory lane. Should I do that, or go back to embarrasing accidents I have right now in college?

*006*2015-02-10 16:23

Thanks for the feedback! I will continue down memory lane then :D I have several more embarrassing situations left to cover, I will be posting throughout the week, before all the Mardi Gras parades this weekend

