2 Accidents - Hiking and Sledding

Author: Xpgames

*000*2021-01-20 09:52

With the lockdown still going strong, gyms closed, no sports, no restaurants and major limits on visits, been spending a lot of time with art, hiking, and even a little yoga. Took a liking to Yogi tea and tend to drink quite a bit of it throughout the day. Too much tea and pretty much any activities away from a bathroom for too long can be dangerous...

So. After taking down outdoor lights, silicone of some holes, cleaning basement, I was ready for my hike... mind you, I had a fair amount of tea, but less than the day before ... because it is cold, I was layered and prepared for the elements... I planned to do 7.1 km like yesterday, but after only 2 km, my bladder was telling me I better just shoot for 5... At 2.5 km, I was sweating from my brisk pace and I was in a panic... i can’t even explain it, but it all hit me at once and there were A LOT of people in the trails (I mentioned everything else is closed ).

To be honest, I was looking for any place I could run off to because I knew I was in big trouble.... worse than I can remember in a long time that far away from home!! Then it happened... people on all sides of me basically and I was wetting myself. And by wetting I mean FLOODING!!! Through running tights, underwear, gray sweat shorts and also my black sweat pants... was it noticeable!????? Well you can see in the photos... Clearly I need blacker BLACK sweatpants .... I tried to stay off the larger trails but still passed by no less than 20 people before I got home. Maybe even 30... were those friendly smiles??

It snowed overnight a few inches and I planned to stay inside, drink tea and paint. After two large glasses of tea and two large latte macchiatos, I was frequently using the bathroom to pee. But no worries, home all day right?? Wrong!!

The kid doesn’t see snow very often and wanted to go sledding. I didn’t think there was enough snow, but how could I say no. I peed one last time before bundling up and hitting the hill. Don’t want to have any accidents in front of the family....

I did pretty well for a while... then I decided to sled down the hill a few times with my kid. First time was pretty fun, but the rope got stuck underneath one of the gliders, so our speed was lacking... I held onto the rope for the next run and we got a good push... this time we got some good speed and after hitting a bump and wiping out, I felt myself pee a little... not much, but enough to know that I better not take any more runs...

However, standing in one place while watching the next 5 or 6 runs was torture. Standing still in the cold doesn’t do much for ones need to pee! I held out as long as possible but felt another longer spurt escape. Pressure was relieved for the time being and no evidence to the outside of my snowpants... how are there like 100 people there and I’m the only one who is basically pissing their pants??? Doesn’t seem possible...

It was finally time to leave and I was totally ready!!! Only a 10 minute ride home and straight to the bathroom for me!!!! Threw the car in park and busted out of there with a bee line to the front door... that’s when my wife yelled “boots off BEFORE you go inside!” That was the end for me....Not sure you know this, but it is very hard to get off boots, a jacket, snow bibs, tights and sweatpants all while trying not to pee yourself .... or I should say WHILE peeing yourself that being said, snowpants are the best disguise ever!!!! Not even a little evidence showed up!!!!

I need to limit my tea drinking would love to hear similar stories

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2021-01-22 07:01

{{On 1/20/2021 at 7:23 PM, Lilly_Magic said:

God that feeling of pissing yourself outside, wondering if people will notice it adds to the rush of it all. So hot and naughty!

}}

That 3.5 km walk of shame was DEFINITELY a rush... thinking back, taking my gloves off and trying to hide my wet crotch as I walked past people probably made it more obvious that I peed my pants.... that and the “look away” lol

