Bursting in a clarinet lesson

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-08-27 21:47

I was about 15/16 at the time and about my fourth year or fifth year at high school here in Scotland (year 10/11 in England). I was studying music as part of my studies and at that point played the clarinet. In order to prepare more for exams I had after school clarinet lessons with an older male teacher who was rather strict.

This particular Thursday I had my final lesson of the day in computing class the opposite end of the school and I hadn’t been to the toilet all day. I remember wriggling in my seat in computing and crossing my legs one way and then the other as I tried to do my work bursting for a wee. I hated the school toilets so much as they were either full of smokers or kids having a carry on and I inevitably held all day and had a hard 20 minute walk home trying not to wet myself and often coming home to a locked bathroom as I had brothers and a sister!

This day I was so worried about being shouted at by the music tutor but I also ached to pee so much having not been since I woke before leaving for school. I never used to drink enough and my parents had had me at the doctors so I had a carton of juice at break time in the morning and then water with my school lunch. It may not sound like a lot of liquid but combined with my mug of tea for breakfast and milk with my cereal I was very full.

Anyway I had to walk briskly across the big school playground to the music department which was in an outer block of the school. Right next door to the small room I had my lesson in was a two stall girls toilet so my plan was to rush in there as quick as I could before my lesson. Just thinking about it made my need increase so much! I could not wait for that home time bell to go!

But once I had made it to the music department the male teacher was standing by the door or the room watching for me! I was far too embarrassed to ask/beg to use the toilet just next door so despite my aching bladder I went into my lesson. It was a sole lesson with just me and him so so difficult to hide my absolute desperate need to pee so bad.

I set my music stand up, got my clarinet out it’s case, moistened the mouth piece and set my music on the stand, all the time unable to stand still. I was so red faced and sweating as I tried to play the pieces I had practiced so much. All the time I was concentrating so hard not to wee myself!

Every time I stopped playing I had to cross my legs tight and clench so hard to prevent my bladder giving way. My school uniform skirt was so tight on my very full bladder. That lesson dragged in and several times I felt little drops leaking into my pants. I could actually feel my bladder tighten I had to go so so bad.

Finally the hour was up and the teacher told me I was a disappointment as I hadn’t focussed at all (can’t imagine why!) and I had to practice harder. I didn’t need to practice I HAD to pee! The second I was out the door I pulled the handle down next door only to find the bathroom door locked! I could have cried!

I had an agonising 20 minutes walk home where I had to stop several time to hold myself which was so embarrassing in busy streets but wetting would have been worse!

By the time I got home my mum heard me come in and shouted to say dinner was ready but I ran to the toilet next to the kitchen and hitched my skirt up and pulled my now pretty wet knickers down and peed so long and hard! What a huge relief and no idea how I managed to wait so long!

Just writing about it brings it all back! Do you ever find that? Probably not helped by the fact I haven’t been in hours!

I really must go...

*009*2019-08-29 21:07

{{1 hour ago, waterrat said:

Great story, thank you!

Were you able to enjoy at least a part of this experience? I hope it was not too bad for you!

}}

After I had a long pee I did enjoy thinking about it later yes

