Another Tickle Wetting

Author: Nineteen

*000*2018-01-09 00:49

It's been a while, readers! As much as I love writing on here, I've been a bit short on time and long on prior commitments lately, so I haven't had a lot of opportunities. Fortunately, I got sick enough of not posting on here that I decided to start down my list of ideas, which begins with a fairly old story, but, since it's similar to the one I posted before, I figured you guys might like it. So... here's hoping you actually do.

Our story begins with me and my girlfriend (I'm bi, sue me). We had been friends for a long time before we decided to commit to a romantic relationship, but we got along very well and found each other attractive, so eventually we decided it should happen. This girl, we'll call her Stella, was my first real, committed relationship with a girl, so everything that came with it was new and exciting; lots of dates, lots of time spent together, lots of mushy gushy stuff where, before, there was only flirting and the odd kiss or touch... and some new sexual stuff, too, so I enjoyed a lot.

We were on a date when this whole thing went down, only this particular date wasn't much of a date at all. We had planned a movie marathon of the Star Wars films (of which she had seen none) in our comfiest clothes- I wore a long, soft black shirt and light blue jeggings, plus some comfy, pink, fluffy socks, and Stella wore... gosh, I don't even remember, but it doesn't matter. Probably some shorty shorts, since it was summer and that was what she always wore around the house when she wasn't going out. Anyway, halfway through Empire, Stella decided that we needed a break that went from stretching our legs to making out on the couch (with the movie paused, of course- I didn't want her to miss any of it). We had been at it for a few minutes when things began to heat up. She had begun to kiss my neck, which she knew I loved, and began to lift up my shirt, but, when her fingers brushed my back, I arched away, and she dropped my shirt.

"What?" Her surprise was evident on her face; she was worried I didn't want it. "Should I not...?"

"No," I mumbled, immediately embarrassed, "that just... tickled, is all." Stella's face immediately lit up with a mischievous smile, and I knew exactly what was coming. Stella had discovered a long time before this moment exactly how ticklish I was, although, unlike my friends who found the whole thing extremely funny, tickling me turned my girlfriend on, probably more than anything else we had done up to that point. She said she 'liked the way I squirm,' which... if she wanted a partner who would do that a lot, she came to the right person. ;P

"Oh..." she said, her voice dropping to a low, seductive purr, "is that a problem?" As a matter of fact, it was. Stella and I had only been dating for a couple weeks at this point, and I was not comfortable enough with her house to use the toilet, as I had only been there a couple times- yes, I know such a hang up is childish, but it's lead to one or two arousing incidents, so I don't work too hard to fix it. The point is, having been there for the length of a movie and a half, my bladder was getting rather full in spite of my efforts to drink minimal amounts of liquid, and Stella's decision to tickle me now was highly unfortunate.

"Um..." I began, but before I could get another word out, she was upon me, tickling me mercilessly. I laughed, of course, but it was not a happy laugh, and, between fits of giggling, I continually begged my girlfriend to stop.

"Stella, please," I would say, or "Stop, stop, please, stop," or "please, please, please," but she wouldn't let up. Soon, she straddled me. I began to struggle and squirm, and this was just what she wanted. Stella began to tickle me with renewed energy, and I could no longer fit pleas between my laughter. All I could do was writhe, but eventually she let up and I caught my breath. "Oh... my... gosh..." I gasped. Stella looked at me quizzically. "I... can't... jeez, could you...?"

"Tickle you more? Absolutely!" Stella said brightly, but she held off, waiting for my actual question.

"Could you... give me a second..." I wheezed. I was by no means overweight, but no more was I in tip-top shape. When I regained my breath, I finally spoke up. "Stella..." I hesitated. I was going to ask her to stop, my bladder still aching softly from the effort of staying tense and keeping all the liquid inside me, but she looked so happy; blushing slightly, smiling widely, her crotch warm against my own. I knew she was enjoying this. I can handle a bit more, I decided. I nodded and her grin widened. Then she was back at it.

It only took a minute for me to remember exactly why I had begged her to stop; my bladder muscles were getting weaker and weaker, and I knew that, if I let this go on for too much longer, I would have an accident right here, on my girlfriend's couch. I still had no intention of going to the bathroom, but I was convinced that, if she satisfied herself tickling me and gave up, I could hold it until I was ready to head home. I was wrong, of course, but I never got the chance to find out, because, at that exact moment, I sprung a leak.

My eyes sprung open and a gasp escaped my mouth, momentarily stopping my giggles. I squeezed hard, and the leak stopped, but Stella's tickling did not. I knew that, at this moment, it was urgent that she stop. "Oh my god..." I managed, my mirth reduced by the horrifying realization that I may actually lose control, "Stel...la... stop... stop... please... I'm gonna pee!"

"Oh, hush," she said, biting her lip, "you're only saying that so I'll give you a break."

"No... no!" I pleaded. "I'm... serious... Stella, please..." she wasn't stopping. Another leak. This one was continuous, although tiny. Stella still wasn't letting up. "No, no..." I moaned, shifting back and forth, grinding against her in an effort to make her stop, doing my best to pry her hands away from me, but all my strength was focused in my bladder, and I couldn't. My desperate squirms only seemed to turn her on more, and she bit her lip, grinding back against me. "Please, please!" I bucked my hips, but she still didn't stop. Another big spurt, and I could feel my pants dampen. I tried again, revolting my hips against Stella, and it worked- she shifted... directly onto my bladder. I gasped as a huge jet of pee shot out of me and straight down my leg, wetting my pants to mid-thigh. I sat bolt-upright, and Stella finally stopped, backing up to avoid being headbutted. My hands flew to my crotch, but it was too late. 

"Oh, god," I mumbled, "oh god..." The pee wouldn't stop coming, no matter how I shifted or how hard I squeezed. I looked away from Stella, face burning, and noticed her floor- it was a sort of porcelain fake wood flooring. My pee wouldn't soak into that, so if I was going to wet myself, I would do it standing over the floor. I shoved my girlfriend off and stumbled off the couch, standing up on the floor, then grabbing my crotch and crossing my legs in a last ditch effort to keep from wetting myself completely. No good. The pee raced out of my bladder faster than ever, soaking my pants quickly, spilling into my cute fluffy socks, and then puddling on the floor. Since I had been drinking minimal amounts of water, it had a strong smell, and I was certain it would stain my lightly colored underwear and socks. I kept my back to Stella until the flow had stopped completely, then turned slowly to look at her, my face red with embarrassment.

To my surprise, she was red too, but her face wore a look of arousal; she was still biting her lip and a lazy smile spread across her face. I looked at her, confused, and in response, she got up and kissed me deeply. "Hey," she said, still in the same deep purr, "that was... sorta hot." I gaped at her, in total shock. She had the same fetish I did?! "I'm sorry I didn't believe you when you said you were going to have an accident," she continued, "but... well, let's get this cleaned up." True to her word, she helped me clean up, got me a pair of her sweatpants while we put the soaked jeggings in the washer, and listened intently as I spilled the truth- that I actually really enjoyed it myself- before watching the rest of the film with me.

Did Stella truly have the same kink I did? Well, sort of... it turned out later that she quite enjoyed watching me wet myself, but not the feeling of doing it herself. I didn't mind, of course. I wound up wetting myself for her a couple other times, although, since these were intentional, they didn't make for such exciting stories. I was never afraid to use the bathroom at her house again, either. When you've had an accident in front of someone, I suppose asking to use their toilet is a pretty major step down. She and I are still dating to this day, and I have no intention of breaking things off any time soon.

Anyway, that was the whole story. If you enjoyed it, feel free to tell me in the comments, and check out some of my other stories, like "An Evening With Friends

," which I actually referenced in this story, or "The Gates of Shambhala

," one of my many fanfictions. I love writing stories for you guys, so if you have anything else you'd like me to do, feel free to let me know in the comments or by DM. Thanks for reading and I'll see you soon!

