(Female) Weak bladder desperation

Author: sttl88

*000*2018-01-07 01:59

Warning: this story is in two parts. The first part contains desperation and wetting, the second contains sex. If you dont want that stop at the line!

This is completely true - it happened to me a while back with my girlfriend at the time, A who I have written about previously. She has a (self titled) weak bladder, and can go from zero to frantic in just a few minutes.

Part 1: going home

I cant actually remember where we had been. Possibly at college. But getting home involved a 20 minute walk down a main road, across a park which was a big hill, and then down another main road.

At this stage in our relationship I was very familiar with A’s bladder issues, and despite how much I loved to watch her dance and squirm, She hated it, so I tried to help her find places to pee as much as I could.

Anyway, we were walking along the first main road when I heard her give an exasperated sigh and a bit of a squeak.

“You ok?” I asked

”I really need a wee”

”how bad?” I glanced over at her.

She had quickened her walking pace and was thrusting her hips forcefully from side to side as ahe walked, grinding her crotch around.

”I knew I should have gone before we left. I was really thirsty this afternoon and drank a whole 2 litre bottle of water”

At the thought of this she gasped, bent over at the waist a bit and moved her handbag to the front, something she did when she needed to grab her crotch without anyone seeing. From my point of view I could see that she was grabbing it with all her strength.

”Im going to wet myself” she said at once, sounding really worried “Lets try and make it to the park quick!”

We approached the park gate with her bouncing, squirming with her hand buried in her crotch. As We got closer and closer she became more and more frantic. She dropped her handbag, which I grabbed, and her second hand started trying to undo her jeans.

Just inside the park there are some bushes which she turned towards and As she did I saw a dark patch blossoming from between her legs.

”Shit shit shit, I’m wetting myself and I cant open these fucking jeans. Help me!”

Both her hands were back in her crotch and she had managed to slow the flow a little but I could still hear telltale hissing. With her wriggling and bouncing and pulling her hands against her crotch it took me a few seconds to open the jeans, by which time they were soaked. It seemed she had given up trying to keep them dry. She took her hands away, pulled her jeans and pink panties down, revealing her extremely wet, still peeing pussy. By the time she had squatted down there was only a few seconds of pee left in her.

“I hate my bladder” she said moodily

I couldnt help myself “I love it”

She looked up and saw how turned on I was, and a new look came into her eye.

”lets get home and you can show me”

I swallowed. I could barely speak as we walked all the way home with my hand on her bum through her soaking jeans.

———————————

Part 2: contains sex

We got home 15 minutes later but she didnt change out of her wet clothes. She just smiled at me, made herself a huge mocha with extra coffee, and while it cooled to drinking temperature drank another 2 litre bottle of water.

”I feel really full!” She said afterwards. “I can feel it all sloshing around my belly!”

I wasnt sure what was going to happen, but I knew it was going to be good. We put the TV on.

About 45 minutes later I noticed her shifting around next to me.

”You need to pee?” I asked, excited

”Not yet” she replied, but I could tell she was preoccupied.

Five minutes later she grabbed her crotch quickly. “Fuck” she looked at me “fine! I was going to hold it as long as I could before I told you but I just peed a little already. My bladder feels so full!”

She practically dragged me into the bedroom, hopping from one foot to the other, grabbing herself occasionally. “I doubt ill be able to hold it much longer - be quick!”

She stepped from foot to foot, peeling off her jumper, top and bra, and then her still soaking jeans, leaving nothing but her hand pushing her wet pink panties against her pussy. I wasnt slow, and I was naked in a second. We pressed into each other, kissing passionately with her hand jammed between us going down to her crotch. She was moaning a little and squirming herself against me constantly to stop herself peeing.

We fell on to the bed with her lying on her back and I peeled her panties off. Her pussy had a little patch of blonde hair above her incredibly wet opening. She was trying to hold her pee in by thrusting up and down but i saw a squirt escape before she clamped her hands back there.

”shit I cant stop it! I need you to do it” she grabbed my cock and guided it between her legs. She moved her hand and pee immediately shot out again, hitting me in the belly.

I entered her and ahe gasped as the extra pressure on her bladder made her feel even more desperate, but the peeing stopped

”Fuck that feels food” she moaned as I slid in and out of her.

I was getting way too close to cumming so I pulled out and she immediately started grinding her hips searching for me. Before ahe could do anything I was betwen her legs as she bounced up and down and I started licking her clit lightly

”Holy shit!” She gasped, shaking with the effort of holding her pee and with the pleasure coming from between her legs.

Every time I touched her clit, pee shot out at me and i could see her hand on her breasts, white knuckled as she fought to control two things at once - pee and orgasm.

After just a minute of this she arched her back, screamed and pee burst out of her in pulses as she came, writhing all over the now soaking wet bed. I pinned her hips down and entered her again but it didnt stop the pee this time, it kept squirting out all over me as we both orgasmed for what seemed to be a really long time.

That was the first time we discovered wet sex! Hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it!

