First time using a pull up! And losing a holding challenge horribly!

Author: Krissy13

*000*2019-07-27 19:45

So I just had a great fun time! No one's home today, so of course I decided to take advantage of that by planning my own super special Krissy omo day! It would be a lot of fun, and I had everything planned out. Firstly, I made sure to buy some pull-ups! I've wet panties, and diapers but never the wonderfully childish in-between point. And the feeling of sliding that pull up on made me want to start "Tawking wike a wittle giwl again!"

As for the plan it was simple I loaded my favorite holding challenge. (You should totally check it out!)

$iframe data-embed-src="$/29973-a-new-milovana-pee-holding-challenge/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1169291&embedComment=1169291&embedDo=findComment#comment-1169291"

And drank a lot of water! And so I started the challenge! Now normally I'm pretty decent at these, I've never beaten it though, but I promise one day, I'll be a big enough girl to not wet myself! I managed to hold out for an hour and a half making sure to be perfectly honest on any questions the game asked me. The two challenges I struggle with the most, are when you need to press your bladder on a corner, or, when you have stand still with your legs spread, no squirming! And that was when it got me!

I was holding out strong but I started to catch myself making audible noises every few seconds as it got really really hard, I had even leaked just a tiny bit a few times! The first time as you could probably guess when you need to push against a counter. As I pushed on my terribly full bladder, I gasped and stopped myself as a tinkle of pee leaked into my pull up. But I managed to stop so I kept pressing on! (No pun intended.) And soon enough the dreaded "stand still" segments came. I barely made it through one really long one, and then was AMAZED! Because I was allowed for the next few minutes to squirm, and you bet yourself I did the most embarrassing potty dance you can imagine!

I started dancing and squirming around kicking my legs in the air, anything to keep myself from having an accident! But alas, nothing good lasts forever, and soon enough I had stand still again, no potty dances for me. And it was here I gave in, I let all of my bladder flow out into my pull up, so much in fact It started to leak and the pee ran down my legs onto my carpet! Completely giving up on being a big girl, I even let out a number 2, completely filling my pull up ruining my undies. I caught myself letting out a sigh of relief as I no longer had to hold anything inside.

And so I, stood head hanged in shame with a very wet and very messy pair of pull ups. I didn't expect them to leak! So maybe I should go back to diapees. I really hope this story entertained you! In fact, I'm still in my messy and wet pull up if you have any suggestions on fun, or little-like things to do before I change please let me know! And also feel free to leave a response for how you felt at all, I love your company! Thanks!

*002*2019-07-27 20:04

{{13 minutes ago, Bobjr said:

Video?

}}

I didn't take one. I was hoping the story would speak for itself.

*004*2019-07-28 00:26

Thanks!

