Ummm... okay I did it again

Author: Markthekingof2

*000*2020-11-03 15:21

All right, so usually in the past couple years or so I only wet the bed maybe once or twice month...but it's happened three times in the last week. Woke up this morning, and I was wet again. Since it's been happening a bit more than usual, I might need to consider wearing a diaper at night. I'm not worried about my health or anything because I already know this is bound to happen from time to time, but I'm getting a little annoyed changing wet sheets and scrubbing down my water proof mattress protector. I guess now I'm more looking for reassurance that this is not something to be ashamed of. With this kink, I have already enough shame and embarrassment to deal with. But accidentally wetting the bed and being excited by it is making me feel super ashamed and a bit infantile at the same time. I don't have whole lot of money to spend on diapers right now, but I do have a few on hand. I'm just wondering if I should wait it out a little bit, or just bite the bullet and put one on tonight.

Also last night before bed, I got up off the toilet after a BM, and when I was washing my hands, I felt pee running down my legs. Not a huge full bladder release, but enough that I needed to change my clothes. I didn't even feel it which is weird because that's never happened. Anyone had this or something similar happen?

*002*2020-11-03 20:22

{{2 hours ago, petitewonder said:

I haven't had something like that happen myself, but I do get how the laundry can get annoying.

It really isn't something to be ashamed of though. :3 Peeing is a normal bodily function and accidents happen to adults more often than they likely talk about. I would think it's probably better to enjoy it even a little than to absolutely hate it.

Besides, it's not harming anyone, so I think it's totally fine to enjoy!

}}

That's a good point. I deal with issues, and I cope my own way: by enjoying it a little bit (I do prefer it to be intentional though, or at least accidental only rarely). It's a hell of a lot better than succumbing to the negative emotional effects. Thank you for your response

