The most desperate I have ever been in my life

Author: Alice Ivy

*000*2021-06-03 12:28

Hey, I've been idle for a while due to fun mental health things (yaaaay!) but I'm think I'm back on the right track so lemme tell you about last night.

Lets get this description section done first so we can get it out of the way. I'm a tall girl, 6'4" and I'm rather skinny getting to the point of being unhealthy. I was wearing high waisted blue jean shorts, a tropical shirt (it was super hot yesterday), and for those interested I was just wearing a simple white bra underneath and some figure defining panties to give me *some* curves (the panties are really tight and that'll come into play later on). My hair is a sort of dark golden brown and is curly (when it's playing ball).

So in the evening at around 6:50 I peed and made the decision that I wouldn't pee until I burst. I ran downstairs and filled up my bottle and got to drinking. I started with 500ml and after drinking I realized that I must've not emptied my bladder fully as I started to feel a need to pee 5 minutes after drinking but it was manageable, probably only a 3 or 4.

I sat at my computer just chatting with people on the forum and playing some factorio for 30 minutes when I decided to give the BBBB challenge a test run, I knew it wouldn't count because I hadn't announced it but I decided to just give it a shot to see how hard it is... oooooh boy was in for a ride. I drank another 500ml and really started to feel the effect on my bladder as I started to jump up to a 7. I continued to play factorio for 30 minutes when I realized a fatal flaw in my plan, I have to walk my doggo.

I got the doggo ready for the walk and before I left I chugged the 250ml I needed to drink and stepped outside catching the last rays of sunshine setting over London covering the park in golden light. In any other circumstance I would've stopped and appreciated the beauty of this scene but I was too busy with my bladder which was now sending constant signals to my brain to empty it. I was probably at an 8 now.

The walk was hell, it wouldn't have been so bad but the park was busy and I needed to stay as subtle as possible. Whenever my dog stopped to sniff something or pee I tried to stay as still as possible causing me to shake all over.

After 20 minutes I was back inside and sitting at my desk, sitting down definitely helped ease my desperation slightly but I was aware of the sheer amount of liquid I had drunk. For context, even though I'm pretty tall, my bladder is tiny I'm talking like walnut scale. The last time I measured how much I could hold I just barely missed 500ml (it was something like 485ml) and I was completely bursting and couldn't hold for a second more, I had just drunk over double that and I really was feeling the effects.

I tried to concentrate on my game and before I knew it, it was time to drink again. This brings me to my smooth brain and not knowing when to stop. The BBBB rules state that now I should be drinking 250ml every half hour, me being me thought 'pfffft, I can drink more'. So I just went for it and chugged 400mls, big mistake. The water felt like it was going directly into my bladder, I could almost feel the constant drip drip drip drip from my kidneys into my already overfilled bladder.

At this point in my hold something weird happened, I went from being desperate and squirmy at a 7/8 out of 10 to feeling relatively comfortable again, I still really had to pee but it was manageable probably a 6/10. Unfortunately this moment of calm was short lived as my desperation shot back up and I started to leak, just small leaks but they kept on happening. I did everything I could to stop them and eventually found that leaning slightly back on my chair relieved enough pressure on my bladder and I stopped leaking.

Then it was time for more water to go in, 250ml down the hatch. even holding the water bottle made me shiver and shake with desperation so I chugged it. I could no longer type properly, let only continue playing my game so I switched to watching netflix, I think I was watching some stranger things and it was helping take my mind of my bladder slightly. At this point I was the most desperate I have ever been in my life but I still wanted to push it further, see how far I could really go, I had a look at how long I had been holding which was 3 hours and decided to go for 4 and a half hours, I didn't actually think I could make it as I knew I was approaching my limit but I wanted to prove to myself that I can hold more than I think I can if I really try.

The next 30 minutes were hard, people in the discord were teasing me with water gifs and I watched as the clock moved ever closer to the point where I needed to drink again and, ya'll, I really didn't think I could do it. My water bottle was almost taunting me, condensation forming on the outside and dripping down to my shaking hand making it wet. Every neuron in my brain was screaming at me to pee, my stomach felt so full and even putting a drip of water on my tongue made my desperation shoot up to a 9/10. But I did it, somehow I did it. It took me a while but another 250ml was down and I had another hour to go until I could pee. I made a mental note of a final challenge where before I could pee, I would have to drink the last 250mls in my bottle.

10 minutes had past and I really was starting to doubt my ability to hold until the next 20 minutes, let alone hour and 20 minutes I had left on the challenge, my legs were crossed, my hand was buried deep in my crotch and I was beginning to encounter another issue... I was really horny, like I needed to cum right then, unfortunately I know myself too well and I know if I cum, I'll pee.

7 minutes on and those panties I mentioned earlier were really started to cause me issues, if I leaned even slightly forward, they were dig right into my bladder. I needed to get them off but standing up made me instantly start to leak. I sat in my chair, shaking all over with little drops of pee constantly dripping out and knew that if I didn't get these fucking panties off, the hold would be over.

I stood up, a constant drip of leaks escaping with no signs of stopping, and I quickly got my panties off and was shocked. I was bulging, I don't think I've ever bulged before and it was kinda shocking. I was so shocked in fact that I kinda forgot what I was doing and poked my bladder to see was it was like. Now I shake when I'm desperate so when I poked my bladder what should've been a light prod was more of a punch. I doubled over instantly in pain and desperation which of course made my desperation worse and I realized that I genuinely couldn't hold for much longer, definitely not the 50 minutes I had left of the challenge so I decided to take that final challenge and do it now.

I had just over 500ml left in my bottle so I decided that I would finish the 500mls, wait 10 minutes, and then I could finally pee. 250ml chugged down and honestly I can't even begin to describe how desperate I was, I needed to pee, my bladder felt like it was seconds away from just releasing everything. I kept on drinking sip by sip getting to the last drop of water in the bottle and so the 10 minutes begun. Here's a snippet of how I was feeling

I just had to pee, All I could think about was how much I needed to pee, my bladder was constantly trying to get the pee out and I'm honestly not sure how I didn't pee those first 4 minutes but I just couldn't hold it anymore. I started to leak a constant small stream and I felt a sharp pain in my back which was a sure sign to just abort. So I very quickly grabbed a measuring jug, quickly pulled my shorts down and stopped holding. The pee started out quite slowly but sped up to a point where it was thundering out of me which led to an issue, the noise. I quickly tried to slow down and my bladder screamed at me, it wasn't going to happen, my bladder was in charge now and there was nothing I could do to even slow the pee down. The pee measured at 900mls but I'm sure I lost around 50mls throughout the hold with leaking

Let me tell you, the relief was orgasmic, like the second I stopped peeing I started masturbating and came within 20 seconds. I have never felt anything like this in my life, never before have a bulged, never before have I been so desperate, never before have I had an orgasm as intense as the one I had right after peeing. so now it's 2 days on, I'm giving the BBBB challenge another go.

Lessons I've learnt:

- Don't chug the water, this just makes me feel bloated and is unnecessary.

- Make sure my bladder is completely empty before starting a challenge like this, I'm sure I could've made it to 4 hours or maybe even 4 hours and 30 minutes if I had.

- Holy shit I missed this.

If you've made it this far, thank you so much for reading.

*004*2021-06-05 14:54

{{2 minutes ago, wko86 said:

That's an awesome story.

But, I have to ask, what is BBBB? I tried searching the forums, but only found a few instances of people talking about it without saying what it is.

}}

%https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1A-LJTTnwzIiKkG6Ro9VFERApWzuB2Diy0-rDBVyRjDc/edit#gid=0

This link has the rules on, it's a super hard challenge.

*010*2021-08-20 20:53

{{20 hours ago, Shoshana said:

This was amazing. How do you get the fortitude to hold so hard and so long? It was obviously worth it!

}}

I'm not entirely sure. I guess I was just feeling extra strong that day. and yes it really was worth it!

*012*2021-08-21 14:34

{{14 hours ago, Shoshana said:

It's really hot, isn't it?

}}

Better than any orgasm

