Witness a desperation though messaging

Author: daniel2

*000*2017-12-23 20:37

I was friends with this girl online. She was either senior or junior (I think) she was a short mexican girl with big boobs. She made an instagram post saying that she needed to pee. She was in the middle of class (the post is deleted by now I really looked) I sent a comment saying "waterfalls" not sure if she saw it. A few hours later, I messaged her on kik and asked how she was doing. She said she still didn't get to go pee.

I sent a picture of a waterfall to tease her. She said that right after school she is in a student teacher program where she teaches middle schoolers and helps them with their homework. She said that the main teacher is really strict and she is too scared to ask. The waterfall pic made things worse. She told me that she would message me after class.

Fast forward for some time. She messaged me saying that (and I quote) "the last 10 minutes of that class was absolute hell" for some reason she decided to hold her bladder until she got home. She is walking distance from her house. She said that she had to pause her walk a couple of times just to hold in her pee. I don't know why she didn't use the school bathrooms. Maybe since it was an AFTER school program they might have closed them but I doubt it. She then told me that when her mom opened the door, she immediately ran to the bathroom. So this means she had to endure the walk and waiting for her mom to open the door.

This is a true story. I don't know what she is up to now since we stopped talking.

