Accidental public wetting in front of a stranger

Author: eighthrune

*000*2018-07-06 10:23

This happened last night. I had been out with friends and had drunk a couple of beers; the pub was crowded and I didn't want to use the bathroom there, so I decided to just hang on until I got home. I'm used to holding, so that didn't seem dangerous to me. I had to pee pretty badly by the time I left, but I only live 20 minutes away, so I wasn't worried. Not worried enough, actually – it was a beautiful night, and I was in a sort of restless mood and didn't feel like going home, so I decided to do what I call a "bridge block": instead of walking straight across the bridge to my home, I sometimes walk about a kilometer down the river to the next bridge, cross over there, and then walk the kilometer back up that side of the river to get home. It's a beautiful walk and I felt like I needed to be out of the house, so I went for it.

The urgency didn't really hit me until I reached the bridge, and then I started to panic – at that moment, I was at the exact farthest point from home. I started to have serious doubts that I would make it. I could already feel the piss working up towards the tip of my penis, and walking was making it harder to hold on. Since it was a beautiful night, there were people everywhere and there was no way to discreetly hold myself. I had to start walking even slower just to keep the jostling to a minimum. My bladder felt like it was being kicked every time I took a step.

When I got up on the bridge, I was distracted for a minute because the view was so breathtaking. It was late, and there was both a spectacular pink sunset and storm clouds in the sky. I got so caught up looking at the sky that I must have let my guard down, because suddenly I felt a warm spurt of urine in my briefs. I was so startled and horrified that I reflexively grabbed my crotch before realizing that there was a group of people directly in front of me on the bridge, coming my direction. They must have been looking at the view as well, because thankfully they didn't seem to notice. I glanced down quickly to see the damage. There was a wet spot about the size of a quarter just to the right of my fly, which I tried to carefully hide with my hand by looping my thumb into my pants pocket.

I swear I had never realized how long that bridge was until I was walking across it ready to burst. Being surrounded by rushing water certainly didn't help things, either. All I could think about was losing control on the bridge and having literally nowhere to turn if I came across someone walking towards me – which is something that happened every couple of minutes. I could feel the piss pushing against the tip and threatening to spurt out with every step, but I somehow managed to hang on until I was off the bridge.

It was such a relief to get off the bridge that I almost forgot I still had well over a kilometer to walk before I got home. I knew I couldn't make it. I realized if I wanted to avoid an accident, I would have to pee in a corner somewhere, even though I hate it when people do that because it smells so bad. But there was nowhere to go! Even though it was getting dark, there were people everywhere, even on the side streets – and even if there weren't people in the streets, everybody had their windows open to the street. I was visible everywhere. And the wetness in my briefs kept reminding me how close I was to losing it.

The problem is that if I wanted to take the quickest route home, that would mean taking the busiest and most well-lit streets. If I wanted to have a better chance to stay in the dark and find a private place, I would have to go several blocks out of my way. I wanted to get home. I was looking down the brightly-lit street, thinking all I had left was a fifteen-minute walk, when I felt a spasm and realized my bladder was about to give out – and I didn't think I'd be able to stop it after a short spurt this time. So I turned down the darkest-looking street, grabbing my crotch whenever I thought no one was looking.

I didn't make it very far. I reached a moment where I absolutely knew I was going to lose it, but there was a young guy about my age coming down the street towards me. I knew if I kept walking, the pressure on my bladder would burst and I'd piss myself right in front of him. So I slowed down and took out my phone, pretending to text somebody while really just forcing myself to hold on a few more seconds until he'd walked past me. Too late. I felt myself losing it when he was still a few paces in front of me, and there was no way for me to stop it without making it extremely obvious what was going on. 

I was trying to hold back as much as possible; I couldn't hear the stream hitting my briefs, but I could feel them filling up and then overflowing with piss, running first down my right leg and then spreading to my second leg. It felt so good and so awful at the same time. By the time it really soaked through my pants-legs, the guy had walked past me, but I was so worried that he'd turn around and see my soaked ass that I turned my head to watch him go; it was a strange combination of emotions to be full-on pissing myself in the street while looking directly at another person – terror that he'd turn around or that someone else would come down the street or look out the window; humiliation that I'd let this happen; intense relief at taking the pressure off my bladder; and at the same time, feeling very aroused by the whole situation.

I managed to stop the flow long before my bladder was empty, but I still had wide, glistening wet spots all the way down both legs and a puddle under my feet that was starting to run down the sidewalk. And still a fifteen-minute walk home. There was nothing to do but start walking. I kept to the darkest side of the street, and anytime I saw somebody coming, I would turn down a side street. My pants cooled off quickly as I walked, and my pants were clinging to my legs as I walked. My pants were dark, but it was still extremely obvious that I had pissed myself. Anybody would have noticed immediately.

I managed to get all the way back to my square without anybody seeing me, but my square was packed with people. If I walked across it, I'd have to go right under the streetlights, past several tables of people drinking beer on the terrace. The only way to avoid it was to backtrack and then go around the block again, so that I came onto the square just a few meters from the gate to my own courtyard. I jogged those last few meters, feeling sure that everybody was looking right at me even though I'm sure they didn't really notice. It was such a relief to be in the darkness of the courtyard, and then, a minute later, to be back in my apartment with my door securely locked.

So there it is: I somehow survived my first time walking home in visibly wet pants – I had had one accident before, but I'd been wearing jogging shorts that dried quickly in the sun. I took a picture of my pants when I got home to show how wet they still were even after walking in them for a quarter of an hour.

$$

