Piggy Backs, Leaf Piles, And Comics

Author: Diesel

*000*2010-12-11 00:04

So, earlier today, my friend(let's call her Kayla) came over to my house after school. There's a huge leafpile across the street, and once she saw it, she begged my mom to let her climb it. After some persuading, we climbed onto the huge pile of leaves. (When I say huge I mean huge; like 5 yards long and 2 yards high on the peak). There was a huge dip in part of that sank in so we started building a bridge. Then my seven year old neighbor came out and wanted to play with us. We gave her a constructing job and continued to work. I had to pee pretty badly by then, seeing as how I held it for 7 hours. Kayla and I were really annoyed with my neighbor and we decided to leave, but not be too mean.

Our excuse: the cold. It started snowing as I grinded my legs against each other under my long coat. My skinny jeans didn't help. I told my neighbor that Kayla and I were cold and we going inside, but I'd walk her to her house first. She insisted on running. I had Kayla follow me down the street, running as fast as I could with a full bladder. She stopped a feq yards away and said I had to carry her back to my house. I love giving piggyback rides to her so i said yes. I managed to walk away from my neighbor without peeing alot. I got Kayla on my back but I keeled over and the floodgates opened, the dam busted, whatever. I flooded my pants right then and there. Obviously Kayla didn't want me to carry her now. I quickly walked back to my house, changing as soon as possible (to not draw attention).

Nonomoarashi: Kayla restled me until I allowed her to have some coke. She put me in a half Nelson. My neck still hurts. The bridge we built failed and I gave up a stick that was the perfect cane. It's still cold and snowy.

Other news: I made a comic with two of my friends, which has several scenes of omorashi, nothing too detailed, just a puddle of noncolored loquid on the floor. I wet my pants while waiting for one of my friends to get out of the shower. In another comic I got my hand put in warm water after watching some creepy movies. (my friends seem to like bathroom humor)

*003*2010-12-11 16:30

She was rather shocked but she didn't attempt to comfort me. She's the kind of person you can trust to sone degree so I doubt she'll tell anyone.

*004*2010-12-17 20:45

{{:

Yikes! That kinda sucks, heheh.

Did anyone else find out about the accident?

It'd be pretty embarrassing for a seven year old to tell everyone you wet yourself, hahah. :3

}}

I doubt that she was watching as I half-ran, half-waddled away from her house. Though if she did, she'd have a date with my fist. At least in my dreams...

*006*2010-12-18 21:22

{{:

Hitting children is baaad >_>

Unless they're the last people on the planet, then no-ones around too care xD

}}

Hehe. I doubt I'd ever actually hit her though.

*008*2010-12-19 00:55

{{:

Ahh, I'd love to have seen that.

}}

All of us would. 



