Cooling down during run

Author: themerger

*000*2019-05-06 02:52

Thankful for a day off this past Saturday, I decided to run in the woods near my current living space. I had to run about a mile to reach the wooded area, through which a series of trails have been constructed and maintained by students and staff at a local university. I could already feel my bladder seeking release upon reaching the woods, and was thankful that- with it being around 5:30 PM- there were not a lot of people in the fields by the trails (e.g no athletic practices).

I bound into the woods and noticed that the trails had not changed immensely over the last decade, some taking me by areas I used to frequent surreptitiously as a pot-smoking teenager. This time, I was in need of privacy for my bladder's sake. However, I wanted to explore new parts of the trail and get more exercise yet. So I continued on to the newer board walks covering the marsh land on the other side of the woods, where I started to see more joggers and some people strolling. I reached the end of the trail network at it's natural boundary of a small but intractable creek. Thus, I made my way back to the trail head- one of many, for what must have been only a mile radius of woods.

However, I was really bursting and felt it safe enough to let go. Not wanting to soak my relatively new, hiking sneakers, I squatted beside the trail and relinquished all control. Urine gushed through my navy blue shorts and red boxer briefs in a cascade that flowed down a rocky slope away from the trail. It felt amazing to wet without inhibition, though I was vigilant to make sure no one was coming up or down the trail towards my position; had anyone approached, they would've most certainly seen me stand up, but perhaps not seen a direct flow if I were to have immediately started running.

As I walked back the mile-and-a-half to my residence, the warmth of my freshly wet shorts cooled refreshingly and made me wonder if anyone driving or jogging up from behind me could see my saturated bottom. Either way, I think I now know how to keep cool on a warm, Spring run.

