College Exam Desperation

Author: SomeNewGuy

*000*2020-01-05 06:51

When I was around 25, I took a class at a local university for career purposes. It was a class that I had not taken when I actually attended college, and I thought it would be helpful. I had studied very hard for the final exam and knew the material quite well. But I felt tired on the morning of the exam, so I drank some coffee. Then I drove to campus, but because it was final exam week, there were no parking spots to be found, so I had to park by some stores near the university. This meant it would take longer to walk to the building where my final exam was being given, and I would have to rush just to get to the exam on time.

During my walk to the building, I realized that I had to pee because of the coffee I had drunk. But I did not want to waste time going to the bathroom, because that would have caused me to be late to the exam. I had studied very hard and did not want to possibly not have enough time to finish the test because of stopping to pee.

So I went straight to the exam room, and hoped I’d be able to finish the test before I became totally desperate to pee. Well, my studying had paid off. I knew all of the answers without really having to figure them out, but the problem was that each answer took a while to write down. This was not going to be a quick exam. After an hour had passed, I had to pee so bad that I was frantic. I could not sit still, and was feeling like I might not be able to hold it in for much longer. But I did not want to ask for a bathroom break, because then I might not have had enough time to finish the test. If I actually had to figure the answers out, I don’t think I would have been able to do it while I was that desperate to pee. But luckily, I knew all the answers as soon as I read the questions. It was just that writing them down was so time consuming.

There was a half hour left to the exam, and I needed twenty-five of those minutes to finish. By that point I had to pee so fucking bad that I could barely hold it in anymore, and wasn’t sure if I could make it to the bathroom in time. Now I had never been in that building before, and had no idea where the bathrooms were. But the room where I had taken the final was right next to the exit. And the next building over was the gymnasium, which had a bathroom right next to the lobby. So I decided my best bet was to walk out of the building I was in, and head straight to the bathroom in the gymnasium.

I was so desperate to pee that every step of the way, I felt like I was about to piss in my pants. Then, when I was about halfway to the gymnasium, I felt like I just could not hold it in another second, and then... OH FUCK, some piss just spurted out into my pants. I was able to stop it fairly quickly, but there was a very noticeable wet spot on my faded jeans. It was lunchtime on a beautiful spring day on a crowded college campus, and it would be completely obvious to anyone who saw me that I had pissed in my pants.

It would now be much too embarrassing for me to go into the gymnasium building, so I decided instead that I would pee behind the equipment shed on the athletic fields that I had to walk through to get back to my car.

Unfortunately, that shed was about five minutes away, and I still was beyond desperate to pee. Trying to hold it in and also avoid passing right by too many people, I headed towards the shed. Because I had to pee so bad, I wet myself some more along the way. There was no way to completely avoid passing by people, and it was so obvious that I was peeing in my pants.

Then, when I was getting close to the the shed, I realized,that there were too many people around for me to whip out my dick and pee there. So I would have to wait five more minutes and pee behind the stores where my car was parked.

Still beyond desperate to pee, I accidentally pissed in my pants some more on the way. Finally I got behind the stores. Luckily, this occurred before there were video cameras everywhere. I whipped out my dick, and despite all that I had already peed in my pants, I still stood there and pissed like a racehorse for what seemed like a ridiculously long time.

On the way to my car, it was so obvious to the other people in the parking lot that I had peed in my pants, but luckily no one else was home when I got there, so at least no one I know found out about my wetting accident.

*003*2020-01-05 17:09

{{5 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

In times before cameras on phones was much safer to pee your pants. I just wonder how many times people already made video of me wetting my pants in public. Luckily I still didn't see one online yet.

}}

Very good point. And I was actually talking about all the cameras on buildings and in parking lots these days. If I whipped out my dick and peed in the parking lot behind those same stores today, it’s quite possible that it would be recorded on video....

