Squirming on the slopes

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2017-12-29 07:14

I felt the first stirrings of my bladder as my friend and I moved another inch forward in the line for the ski lift. It was a few years back now and we had both decided to take a weekend trip to go skiing and catch up, since it had been awhile since we last saw each other. Day one, Friday evening, had been great. We’d sipped hot chocolate, laughed, skied, and generally enjoyed getting back up to speed with what was going on in each other’s lives. My usually weak and trouble-causing bladder had behaved all day and overall I was feeling really good about the trip.

Now Saturday had arrived and with it the most brutal of weekend crowds. We had tried not to let it get us down, choosing more difficult and taller slopes to go down so fewer people would be present. While it gave us more time to talk it also meant long lines for everything. Long lines for getting our ski passes, long line for the ski lift, and most importantly, long line for the bathroom.

I know the risks that come with being at high altitude, skiing, and not paying attention to how hydrated or hungry you were. So, as the responsible human being I thought I was, I made sure to drink plenty of water both during our lunch break and in between runs down the slopes.

It started with a bottle of water as we checked in. I sipped on it in line for our pass, again when we sat down in the lounge to gear up, and again after I had slipped my gray snow pants up over my equally gray yoga pants. My packing had been done in somewhat of a rush so the panties I was wearing were an old, white pair, making them just a bit tighter than I normally wear mine. Honestly, it was a disaster waiting to happen.

By the time we were done getting dressed up in all our gear I had finished that water bottle and started a new one. Another one was gone shortly after our first run down and so on and so forth until we get to where I began this story. In that god damn ski lift line. Typically, my bladder goes straight from “probably fine” to “you need to pee right now!” and I was somewhat pleasantly surprised to realize it had alerted me before it was urgent. The pleasant quality soon faded once I looked back and realized how far in line we were. There was no way I could step out of line to run to the bathroom. My only way out was through. We weren’t too far from the front anyway so I figured it would be fine.

By the time we finally loaded onto the lift I was trying my best not to squirm. Eventually I gave up on that notion and began to wiggle in my seat as subtly as I could. Unfortunately, as anyone else who’s been skiing knows, ski lifts are often rickety at best and every move tends to jostle them. My constant fidgeting was causing the lift to swing just that bit more and it was enough to alert my friend to my situation. “You have to pee don’t you” she said, her voice teasing. “Maybe...” I blushed and looked away from her, suddenly finding the skiers to my right so very interesting. “I should have known,” she laughed, “you’ve got the bladder of a little kid and you’ve been sucking down water like a dying man in a desert all day.”

“Oh fuck off! It’s not even that bad” I lied, stilling my motions. She shrugged, throwing her hands up in a gesture of surrender but the shit eating grin on her face didn’t go away.

Without squirming my options were limited. I knew that the slope we planned to take was a long one so I decided to grit my teeth and try a new tactic of holding I rarely ever resorted to. I took a deep breath and released a tiny bit into my panties. I felt the fabric dampen a fraction and immediately shut off the flow in instinct but I braved myself again. I slowly let out super after spurt until my crotch was quite warm but I believed I kept it contained to my panties before shutting off the stream for good. After an initial intense wave that came from my bladder’s distress at being cut off, I found myself feeling better. I wasn’t completely better but it was enough for me to get down the slope. At least I hoped so, because there was no way I could release more without doing too much damage to my yoga pants to recover.

We finally were off the ski lift and began our descent, my friend and I raced down rapidly and for a moment my need was forgotten. Right up until my ski got caught on something, causing me to wipe out hard. My friends and I had never concerned ourselves too much with wipeouts, although we probably should have. In our minds it was a part of the sport and the bumps and bruises just meant for good stories later. As such, my friend only shot me an apologetic grin, the worry disappearing from her face the minute I threw her a thumbs up.

As I landed, however, I had felt my bladder release once more. I quickly clamped it off but not before feeling my crotch grow warmer again and, to my horror, my ass as well. I figured as long as I didn’t let any more escape and kept my snow pants on until we left, my pants would dry and my friend would be none the wiser. I finished the run, bladder momentarily switching out the alarm bells for just ever present tingles, and approached my friend.

“I won’t lie to you, I expected you to wet yourself on the ski life or at the very least the slopes” she told me sheepishly. I scoffed, pretending to be offended to hide the fact that in a way she was right. “Yea I know, I know. You’re a grown woman and can handle your own bladder but don’t pretend it’s such a foreign idea. You’ve nearly wet yourself at least 3 times before when we’ve been hanging out.” I blushed at the memories of the times she’d been referring to. 

Distinctly recalling each episode until my bladder reminded me that think of times I’d left my panties damp or dripping was only worsening my current need. I guess my indignation and possibly my discomfort showed on my face because before I could respond my friend was waving me off. “Yea I know, you sure showed me. I think the bathroom is over there,” She pointed behind her and I nodded before walking over to join the line. I rounded the corner only to find the line was long, at least 10 people ahead of me. I groaned but, upon checking in with my bladder, found it still only tingled thanks to my leaking on the lift and the slope.

I tried to recall how many stalls there were in the bathroom and nearly groaned again when I could only remember there being 2 or 3. Overall, I wasn’t too worried because really, 10 people wasn’t that many and my bladder was fine. The line seemed to move at a snail’s pace and I maintained my arrogance for awhile but with 7 people still ahead of me I began to grow nervous, shifting from side to side and biting my lower lip in concern. The line behind me had also grown long and while a few women appeared to be just as bad as I was, the majority seemed to be holding it together. I envied their strength as I went to unfasten my snow pants, hoping this would ease some of the pressure off my bladder and make it faster to remove them when my time finally came.

Only 2 people ahead of me and I was right back to desperate. I was squirming, hand buried in my snow pants to grab my crotch as I shifted from side to side, bent at the waist. Finally I was next in line and as I heard a flush from one of the stalls I was equally in agony from the sound and relieved at what it signified. But then a young girl, couldn’t have been older than her last year of high school, raced from a few spots back to in front of me. She clearly was there to spectate and enjoy the lounge instead of ski, judging by her attire. She was wearing light wash jeans and a sweater, the classic snow bunny with her boots on but she was dancing as frantically as I am with a white knuckle grip on her crotch.

“Please please please please let me go first!” She begged. I wanted so badly to tell her to go to hell and return to her spot in line so badly. As I opened my mouth to do exactly that I noticed first the tears in her eyes and then the slowly spreading wet stain spreading from her crotch. I bit back my harsh response and nodded, even as her developing accident made the likelihood of me joining her exponentially greater. She thanked me, rushing to the now open stall and ripping her pants and panties down. I could hear her sigh relief and the sound of a forceful streaming hitting the toilet bowl. I wanted to scream. I was happy I’d given the girl relief because she clearly had much more in her system than what had already been staining her jeans when she first pleaded with me, but my own bladder was leaking constantly now and the next stall had yet to open.

I heard a flush and before I could react any other way my bladder decided that meant I must already be on the toilet. I was pissing myself. There was no way of sugar coating it and as the stall door opened and I rushed my way to the stall, my movements slow and clunky from my ski boots, part of me knew it was too late. While I had unbuttoned my snow pants I hadn’t unzipped them. As piss rushed its way into my leggings, straight through the soaked panties that clinged to me even more due to their initial tightness, my hands slipped and fumbled with the zipper. 

I pressed my forehead to the cold metal of the stall door as I eventually gave up. I pulled down my snow pants to assess the damage, noticing that the inside was glistening with my fluids and that per had polled in the bottom by my feet. My pants were unsalvageable. It was bad enough the material was such a light shade, a wet spot was inevitable. One of this magnitude? It was so obvious that I’m sure astronauts would have been able to peer down and see that I had soaked myself.

The tightness of my panties had kept the piss trapped against me for longer than my panties usually would, so the stain rose far up my ass, nearly to my waistline. The front faired no better with a similar stain centering on my crotch. There was no bullshitting that I had sat in something. I had obviously and undeniably wet myself. The stain extended all the way down my legs in a long arch and I sighed. I used toilet paper to pat down my dripping panties, soaked leggings, and the insides of my snow pants as best I could before pulling everything back up and exiting the stall. 

In my embarrassment I had forgotten entirely about the line of other poor women, and the next desperate woman to race past me shot me a glare as she darted into stall I had just been occupying. I washed my hands and noticed in the mirror that right along the seam of my snow pants where my crotch was was a darker patch. My piss had leaked through the stitching to stain the section there. It was small, barely noticeable if one wasn’t looking for it, but it was enough to have me nervous.

Embarassed but thinking I could at least avoid total humiliation since it would likely dry before we left, I rejoined my friend. “Better?” She asked, unaware of my plight. “Yea” I said tightly, my mind wandering briefly to the stain on my crotch. We skied awhile longer and I didn’t even look at, let alone drink, another bottle of water the whole time, worried about a repeat performance. Eventually we grew tired and decided it was time to go. Although I had enjoyed my time with my friend, despite the accident, I was ready to leave. My wet leggings and panties had long gone clammy and cold, and I was eager to change into dry clothes once I got home. We dusted the snow off our jackets and snow pants and kicked off our boots. I stood, unbuttoned my snow pants, unzipped them and had begun to pull them down when I froze, my leggings coming to light for the first time since my accident earlier.

The entire time I’d been skiing I had assumed they would dry by now. I had no other game plan for getting out of this unnoticed. But faced with my crotch, bent over, snow pants halfway down my thighs, I had realized I was so very, very wrong. Sure, my leggings were no longer dripping, but that was about all that could said. The stain was no longer pitch black but it was still very dark and very visible and before I could even begin to formulate an excuse my friend looked over to me, curious as to why I had stopped replying to her in our conversation. “Oh shit.....” she muttered lowly, as a few others noticed and snickered as they passed by.

I wanted to die on the spot, cheeks positively flaming. I knew there was no helping it as I pushed my snow pants the rest of the way down, revealing the full extent of the damage. “I thought you said you made it to the bathroom” my friend trailed off. “Technically I did. I was in a stall but, erm, I wet myself before I could get out of my snow pants” I sheepishly explain, looking anywhere but her. Most people simply avoided making eye contact with me without comment. We gathered our things and awkwardly made our way out the door and to our cars, my wet leggings on full display. It was the most humiliating walk of shame and my goodbye with my friend was awkward to say the least. We still talk and the story is behind us now. She never told anyone else and now it’s just something she teases me for and we laugh about. In the moment though? I wanted nothing more than the ground to open up and swallow me whole.

