Wetting on a walk!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2017-07-09 15:15

Hi All!

I have wanted to have some fun outside in a public location for ages but never been brave enough or trusted my clothing not to show the wetness! However recently I bought my self a black pair of football style shorts and they are fantastic for sneaky wet patches!

The other day I decided I was feeling brave enough to give public wetting a go! I let my bladder fill up to about 75% full then set out on a long walk around the area where I live! Knowing full well the route I was planning there was no way I would make it home before having to pee!

I was wearing boxer brief style boxers and my football shorts and running trainers. I walked down a few dog walking paths and then headed up to a forest area where I knew not many people would be. I found my self a fallen tree to sit on. It was shady around the tree and I sat my self down with my legs apart and my penis pointing downwards inside my shorts and boxers. Then just let go!

I peed for a surprisingly long time just sitting anxiously on the tree trunk hoping no one would show up and luckily no one did! I was amazed at how little the shorts showed the wetness as it just flowed straight through the thin material and onto the floor between my legs.

I carried on walking once I had finished and the shorts dried so quickly! I found my self a place to sit in the sun and just let my shorts dry before continuing my walk back home! Such a thrilling experience and so much fun!

Joe

*003*2017-07-10 17:21

It was very fun! I got such a rush from just knowing that there was a very very very small chance I might get seen. And that was before you add in the feeling of releasing a whole bulging bladder into my shorts!

Stephan1990 - make sure you give it a go it's so much fun!

