Pics of my Panties

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-07-22 18:46

Ok so this isn't going to be one of my longer detailed stories, I'm unfortunately too busy this week to take the time to do any proper writing, but I did want to share these pictures.

As many of you will know, I sell my dirty (and wet in) panties online - see https://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

- to order (shameless plug). As a result, I've been sharing almost daily pictures of my panties at the end of the day (or on laundry day) on Fetlife. So I shared these pictures:

$$

$$

Of a lovely day where I got my panties so dirty you could see the stain from the outside. And then I was like wait! I totally had a key-in-latch accident in those panties a while back and never shared the story or pictures I took.

So because the details of the story have faded with time (it was your typical Rachel racing home from work with a pretty fully bladder, had her bladder fail her as she walked towards the loo kind of story, old hat by now). Anyhow I thought I'd share the pictures with you.

Voila! The initial leak that was meant for the toilet but soaked my panties:

$$

$$

Fresh off my bottom.

And because they were already wet, I pulled them back on and finished peeing on the toilet 'like a big girl' And here's the result:

$$

$$

$$

Now I coulda sworn I had pictures of me in these panties, but can't find them, and because many of you will want to know what these look like on my bottom, here is a very similar pair with me in them (panties dry, Rachel... maybe dry

$$

$$

Anyhow, I hope I get the chance to write a longer story about some of my shenanigans this weekend or my experiments with swim diapers soon.

Likewise, if you ever want a pair of my panties that have been wet, let me know! They are not expensive and I love making them!

Rach

