Reintroduction after years off

Author: Babedut123

*000*2018-07-12 16:52

Reintroduced

My friend Megan and I often peed ourselves together when we were younger, but due to her father’s work, she moved away, and I wetted less and less, until I stopped completely, or at least I thought so…

Last month she moved back to my city into her own apartment and invited me over to a movie night. While we were sitting on her couch watching tv. I noticed she was wiggling and asked her what seemed to be the problem.

“I need to pee” Megan said

“Then go” I responded, unknowing what was going to happened next.

A loud hissing noise filled the room as Megan went in her shorts. I couldn’t stop looking at her, my 18 years old friend purposely wetting herself right next to me”

“what” Megan said. “you asked me to go, so I went”

“I didn’t mean in your pants, I meant go to the bathroom”

“Come on” Megan said, “we used to do it all the time when we were kids, you were even the one who introduced me to this 5 years ago. Remember?”

Of course, I remembered back then I had a huge addiction to wetting myself, but for some reason I hadn’t really peed myself since she moved.

“have you seriously kept doing this for the last 5 years?” I asked

“Of course, Care to join me?” Megan answered while exposing her wet crouch.

“I don’t really have to pee” I lied, I knew I couldn’t make myself go in my pants, even if I wanted to.

A few hours later I told I had to go to the bathroom, Megan still wearing her wet shorts followed to keep me company. She sat next to me by the sink while I took of my skirt and panties and began to push. But right as I was about to pee, Megan jumped down and pulled my panties up, causing me to let out a medium sized spurt into them.

“Dude!” I yelled.

“How does it feel” Megan asked

The warmth, the wet fabric and the naughtiness was so much better than I remembered and instead of giving her an answer I smiled at her and emptied the rest of my bladder into the panties.

“Finally” Megan said.

And from that day I promised myself than I would pee myself at least once whenever I’m at Megan’s.

*002*2018-07-30 02:30

{{On 7/12/2018 at 8:55 PM, noobishlord said:

Wetting friends are always great.

}}

They're the best kind of freinds

