New ways to pee

Author: AquaticGoddess

*000*2017-07-07 15:40

So, I'm still very much experimenting with new ways to pee/wet as I've finally grown confident enough to try it out.

Wanting to try something different from last time, this time I tried peeing into a sandwich bag (aka a small, clear, plastic bag). I really wanted to try and pee into a container but unfortunately, the takeaway boxes I wanted to use had just been recycled! Just my luck!

I quite liked it. I started by kneeling on the floor in the bathroom and opened the plastic bag wide underneath me to be able to catch all the drips because, as I'm still not confident, my stream isn't always strong and consistent yet. I liked how you could still hear the pee as it hit the floor clearly, not muffled as it would be if you put down a towel, but there wasn't a massive puddle to feel guilty about. That being said, you could still see it pool as the bag gave less and less resistance from the weight and began to collapse more on the floor.

After I managed to get started I stood up to allow my urine to continue to have a free flow into the bag. It was surprising how heavy the bag got quite quickly. But also, how it made the sound change from the sound of pee hitting a hard floor to pee falling into a toilet. Once I heard that sound, part of my subconscious relaxed a bit more and the next spurts were more forceful and a lot longer than the ones from the start when I was kneeling.

I still peed a bit stop/start as I wasn't that confident but, as I felt more comfortable the bag wasn't going to leak and I was managing to keep all the contents contained within the bag, the more I was able to let go. The first time I truly heard the stream of urine hitting urine was really nice. It sounded just like when you pee into a toilet, which made me relax more, but obviously a lot less conventional. This time, unlike the homemade diaper, I fully managed to empty my bladder into the bag without so much trouble.

Afterwards, it was nice to be able just to hold the warm bag and admire its contents. It truly gives you an appreciation of how much a person can hold.

One trouble I'm still having, and I don't know if anyone else has experienced this, is not knowing when I'm done/when I just have very little left. Because I'm still having trouble getting it to come out at times my bladder still resists and I find it hard to tell the difference between my bladder resisting and my bladder having nothing more to give. Any advice?

Overall, I'm definitely going to try this again. It was a lot of fun but I need to work on my speed as I still wouldn't be able to do this under pressure. Also, next time I want to do it somewhere other than the bathroom. Somewhere with a bit more risk.

*006*2017-07-11 15:20

Thanks for the advice guys. It's all really helpful!

I especially hadn't realised the thing about stretching your bladder that compfail mentioned. It does make sense though when you think about it.

I will definitely try more soon and will keep you posted!

*007*2017-07-15 15:08

For those curious, sorry I didn't attach a picture in the original post (I'm still new here and had trouble attaching it!!!). Here's a picture of the bag once I'd managed to fill it. It was surprisingly nice to hold.

$$

