Just made it home in time from a long walk

Author: shywewe

*000*2018-11-16 21:42

I have not posted any pictures for a while, and had an opportunity to wet myself and grab some pictures. Unfortunately, there is no video as it takes me too long to empty my bladder, and really did not want to post a 5 minute video of dribbling pee. So, decided a set of pictures was a reasonable good second option :)

I am someone who goes for long walks in both the summer and the winter. By long walks I mean around 20km in the winter and 30+km in the summer. Usually in the summer, I sometime wet my jeans in public places, and then continue to soak them as I walk back to my car. In the winter, due temperatures near freezing (0C) and colder, I wait until I get home. Most times, in the winter I stop numerous times to use the bathroom, as the cold sometimes makes me pee more. On this day, it was a fairly mild winter day, so I did not pee as much, and the 20oz coffee I drank after my walk, had made it to my bladder. By the way, I am not into purposeful desperation, so when I have to go pee I will find a place to go pee, or if I want to be naughty, will just go into my pants :)

When I got home, I really was not that desperate, but had the tingling feeling that my bladder had something in it. Since I my clothes were already damp from sweat, I knew I would have to wash everything anyways. As I was getting my mail from the mail box, I decided to let a spurt go into my pants, but did not want to let too much out as I did not want to get my car seat wet. When I got into the garage, I let another spurt out that was slightly longer. Since, I had a long coat on, nothing was really visible as I briefly talked to my neighbor. After coming in the house, I knew I needed a shower to get cleaned up anyways, but decided to slowly wet my pants in the bathroom.

I am posting the results of my slow wetting below:

Thanks, hope you enjoyed the pictures and the short story.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

