Bursting bladder leads to public wetting [Pics/Video linked]

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2021-10-25 22:37

I've been dying to do another wetting in public, but until now I couldn't really find the time. Though today was kind of a gross, raw day, I still wanted to make the most of it and figured a little pee would help stave off the cold.

I started off by emptying my bladder around 10:00am, then downing a glass of orange juice and 1 1/2 bottles of water. By noon I was about a 5 on the scale and decided to add some tea to the mix to make my bladder a little unhappier. About 90 minutes later I could feel things starting to go into overdrive, so I grabbed my stuff, finished off the water, and headed into town.

While it wasn't a particularly long ride, my initial confidence waned with the occasional wave of immense pressure on my bladder making me wonder if maybe I overestimated my holding capacity and would need an escape plan. It wasn't really my intention to be driving while holding back this much, nor was I interested in having a full blown accident (of either kind) in my car, but things were looking kinda dicey for a bit. Naturally, I managed to catch every single red light on the way in, and for whatever reason the stop light waits felt much harder on me than while the car was moving. Toward the end I was pretty much clamping down full time with my hand, but thankfully I got to where I wanted to go without incident...searching for the right spot that would be public without being TOO public.

After about 15 minutes of roaming around, I found the right spot...and not a moment too soon for my bladder. I tried futilely to keep my fidgeting under control, while I tested a few different angles and checked the lighting, passing squarely into 9 territory. I knew I was running out of time and would need to be ready soon.

Unfortunately, just as I was about to record...someone parked a couple of lanes ahead of me and stayed in their car the whole time (like some kind of weirdo or something!). The current set up was no longer going to work and I was maybe a couple minutes away from the dam bursting.

I hastily sought out a different spot in another lot, trying to ignore the rock in my stomach, but the game was lost. I slammed the car into park and jumped out, struggling to get the phone set up. Standing up was the final nail in the coffin, and I immediately lost control. The contents of my strained bladder flowed quickly down my legs...some of it spreading out on the already damp pavement, and much of it settling in my shoes. The warm blanket of relief lasted a few moments before I realized that my dumb ass didn't even put my mask on – as I had originally planned for just a little bit of anonymity. I felt exposed, but I wasn't getting back into the car until I was fully drained.

Finally satisfied, I awkwardly climbed back into the car...hoping the towels I laid down would spare the upholstery from the fate that my clothes suffered. My socks were utterly drenched and I could feel them squish around in my shoes. I blasted the heat and made my way home, feeling content.

So here I am with another mug of tea and another rapidly filling bladder, my clothes hanging in the shower to dry as I prepare for the re-wetting.

Until then!

Full wetting video below, or at https://www.erome.com/a/DCNJygUP

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9544-full-bladder-public-wetting/?do=embed"

20211025_145901_TrimB.mp4

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2021-10-26 05:08

{{2 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Loved the video!! Really nice pics!! Love the mention of your shoes. U think they “werido” saw?

}}

Oh, nope...I went somewhere else so I could have a little space (just kidding on the "weirdo" thing, btw).

*004*2021-10-26 23:29

And the re-wetting!

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/9553-re-wetting-green-pants/?do=embed"

