Extreme Close Call

Author: Luna

*000*2018-12-21 12:47

I seriously can't believe how close I was to losing it. Sorry for the kinda click baity title, but I need to vent lol. Despite not posting in like forever, I think this definitely tops the list.

It was a somewhat busy day, drinking a lot of fluids through the begining of the day. I start to notice I was getting pretty desperate around 3pm, last time I went was around 11am. I generally go to the bathroom around the same time everyday, as the morning break is suppose to take care of my morning Coffee and breakfast fluids. I also drink another cup of coffee around 10:30 and that's the last coffee for the day before I switch to tea and water.

Getting back on track and as I mentioned before it was somewhat busy, I ignored that fullness. I was concentrated on my work, distracting me from how badly I really needed. Time kinda flew as I autopiloted through my work, before I knew it, I was bursting to pee lol. It was probably around 15 mins to 4pm before I realized my crisis, but I was close to finishing. I wasn't aware of how bad until I noticed my legs were double crossed, clamping tightly together. Tried to work a little more on it while fidgeting like crazy, which I probably was already but didn't realize - it's like once you know it you cant not think about it.

When I quickly got up, I was immediately hit with a wave of desperation, my waistband and belt heightened that urgency. I dashed to the bathroom, with the only thoughts of not wetting myself. That's how bad I had to go. I ran straight into the cubicle, locked it with my whole body shaking. I was fighting against the key in latch effect as my hands were shaking undoing my belt and buttons of my jeans. (Which were medium washed jeans so it was half noticeable)

As I was desperately undoing my jeans, my body just froze for a split second. I felt it like slow motion as hot liquid spread before I could get my jeans and underwear out of the way. I quickly pulled them both down and a split second after my legs immediately collapsed. My head was pounding, my body became hot as I realized my predicament. I didn't want to look at the damage as I felt a trail of warmth near my inner thigh.

Reality hit me like a truck, took a few minutes just sitting on the loo. I just stared at the medium wet spot. I tried to dry it as best I could with the paper and mustered the strength to leave the safety of the cubicle. As I washed my hands, I looked at the mirror and there was a wet spot. It wasn't down to my thighs which was what I felt - so I kinda felt a little better but was still pretty down about it.

I rushed back to my desk, trying not to gain attention. One thing that was a saver is my heater under my desk. I put on a jacket and turned it on as if I was cold. Aimed it at my wet spot to dry it lol. Made me feel better going home as it dried somewhat away in the hour it ran. Anyways, can't believe that happened but it's better than not getting it off at all lol nothing can save that.

*003*2018-12-23 06:44

{{On 12/22/2018 at 9:32 AM, derektor_2000 said:

Thanks for relating your experience... added bonus is the occasional wafting and humidity from your drying jeans!!

PEace,

Derek

}}

Thanks Good thing it was pretty dilute so it didnt smell.

{{On 12/22/2018 at 2:47 PM, wettingman said:

I love detailed almost made it stories resulting jn aittle wet spot in the crotch. Thank you for sharing.

}}

Thanks, would of been a complete story if I actually got stuck haha

