[Male] Forced to wet at the lake

Author: shinobi

*000*2022-03-09 17:59

Hello again everyone! I've been in the mood to write up another story and just finished it, so here it is! I haven't had the chance to proofread it, so sorry for any typos, weird grammar, etc. I hope you enjoy, and if you have any requests, please ask! I don't have an idea for my next story yet, and would love to hear what everyone wants.

So, I was always pretty shy about being openly into omorashi – I wasn’t always comfortable enough with it to tell people that I enjoy holding it until I lose control and wet myself. It’s an unusual and kind of embarrassing thing to tell someone!

I hadn’t told my second serious boyfriend about it. We’d been together for a few months at this point, I think. Communicating with him had been a little difficult for a few days, though, because I had lost my phone a couple days ago. That definitely had me worried – I had been chatting with people about omorashi, and worse, had pictures and videos of myself doing a pee dance, among other things. It’s not the sort of thing you want floating around out there!

It was just a bit after classes, and he’d taken me to his campus office and asked me to copy some things while he did a bit of after-hours coding. I liked him, and he’d told me to help myself to the soda machine in the office, so I said yes and got to copying.

We ended up staying there a while – probably a couple hours – and by the time we were getting ready to leave, it was dark out. I had definitely helped myself to the drinks, some water included, and by then I needed to go a little bit.

“Where’s the bathroom around here?” I’d asked him.

He paused a little bit, “They keep everything locked up after hours,” my boyfriend said. “We’ll be back soon.” I trusted him, and even though I had to go pretty badly, I knew I’d make it home – and with a full bladder to boot, which was always fun for me, of course! So, I left the building and got into his car with him.

Neither of us lived that far away from his office, so it didn’t take me too long to realize that we weren’t going to either of our apartments.

“Where are we going?” I asked, confused.

“You’ll see,” he said, sort of suggestively. For some context – about two weeks ago, he’d asked me to hold off on masturbating to get used to sex with him. I’d done it, but we hadn’t gotten a chance to spend much time with each other for the last two weeks. Needless to say, I was eager to spend some time with him! I was obviously hard for pretty much the entire drive, and I know he noticed it.

It turned out to be a long drive though, and the water and soda I’d had was going through me now. I was getting a little nervous because we seemed to be going so far out from town – there weren’t any buildings along the road we were driving down – and I tried to ask him where we were going and if he could stop somewhere along the way. But every time I tried to talk to him about where we were going, he told me to “just wait,” or said “you’ll see.”

If I had to guess, I’d say the drive was around twenty or thirty minutes. And about half-way there, I went from not having to go that badly to having to go very badly. I started squirming in my seat, but I tried to be subtle – the idea of letting my new-ish boyfriend know just how badly I had to pee was pretty embarrassing.

Finally, we had gotten there, and when we did, I was pretty worried. We were at a lake. I had no idea which lake we were at but looking around there were a few lights in the parking lot, and a little pier off to one side. There didn’t really seem to be anything else – just trees and a walking path off to one side. He parked in the back of the parking lot and got out and motioned for me to do the same.

“Come on,” he said, “let’s talk.” He had a tone he took when he was serious, and my stomach sank.

“Is there a bathroom around here I can use first?” I asked bouncing a bit.

“Come on,” he just said.

We started walking towards the pier, and I was very, very full – it felt like I had a balloon in my stomach, everything was so stretched out by this point. As we were walking into the pier, two other guys holding hands were leaving. I tried to look normal and got startled as one of them said to us “Careful up there, there are spiders.” I remember them both having big grins on their faces as we walked past them, and part of me got embarrassed thinking maybe they knew I had to pee.

“Thanks,” my boyfriend said, and dragged me onwards by the hand. I blushed and tried to say “thanks” too, but I was pretty embarrassed by this point – going to what was now an obviously a make-out point with a painfully full bladder.

We got to the end, and my boyfriend sat down a bit away from the end of the pier, legs outstretched. “Sit down,” he said, tugging my hand downwards.

I probably moaned a little bit, but gradually got down and sat next to him. It was not easy – I remember I was wearing tight fitting stretchy jeans (briefs too, if anyone is wondering), and I made sure not to sit in anything that’d leave a stain. This pair were one of my favorites and were a light blue color.

I sat there and looked around the lakeshore at anything that could possibly be a toilet, even a port-a-potty at this point would have been fine. My boyfriend moved my head by the chin to look at him.

“So…” he said awkwardly, “remember a couple of weeks ago when we tried that thing?” (I had asked him to try another one of my fetishes, and he indulged me (if you’re wondering, he made me cum in my pants, which is a fetish that I think is pretty popular here too actually).

I instantly got hard when he mentioned that, and thank goodness too. Being hard really helped me hold it in at that point. “Uhh, yeah,” I said, my heart pounding now.

“Is there … anything else you want to try?” he asked.

Of course, there was. But back then, I was too afraid to tell my boyfriend, who I genuinely liked, that I would get off on him making me wet my pants. “Not really,” I lied. “I mean, honestly, I really want to go to the bathroom.” I looked around a bit more, trying to change the subject.

“Hmm…” he said and paused for a while. “Are you sure?” He asked again, with a hint of mischief in his voice.

I knew something was up now. “What do you mean?” I looked at him, confused and in pain.

He pulled something out of his pocket, and I looked at his hand. It was my phone.

“Hey!” I reached over to him. “Give me that!”

“Ah ah ah,” he said, and held his hand over my stomach. That got me to stop.

“Hey! What the fuck?” I was pretty confused and desperate by now.

“Do you still have to pee?” he asked me.

“Yes!”

“I’ll give you your phone back,” he said slowly, “if you don’t pee until I say.”

It took me a second or two to realize what was going on. He’d looked through my phone and no doubt seen what I’d taken pictures of and talked to other guys about. He knew about my ‘other’ fetish, and when I realized it, I started grinning like an idiot. “Give it back!” I reached over, laughing. I was saying no, but everything about my expression was saying yes.

“Noooo,” he held it away. “I didn’t say you could yet.” He pushed me back by the chest and put my phone in his pocket.

“Fine,” I said, pouting a bit. “But when can I go? Where can I go?” I looked around again.

“We’ll find somewhere,” he said calmly. “But we don’t have to worry about that yet.” He started running his hand up and down my thigh and got pretty close to my crotch. I didn’t think I’d be able to take any touching down there, and grabbed his hand before he got too close.

“Careful!” I warned him.

He looked at my crotch, and I knew I was obviously hard. He just chuckled at me but went back to rubbing my thigh.

“So… How long until I can have my phone back?” I jiggled my leg and asked him.

“Hmm…” he thought for a second, “Until I say so,” he said non-committally.

I almost called him a name, but bit my tongue, huffed and kicked him in the shin instead.

He smacked me back in the stomach. “Wanna wait longer?” He teased.

“No,” I said, feeling defeated, and crossed my outstretched legs. I felt incredibly full now.

He just chuckled at me. “You’ll be fiiiiine,” he tried to reassure me, and rubbed my thigh again.

“Easy for you to say,” I groaned in pain.

“Come here,” he put his hand behind my head, and we made out for a while. It was a nice distraction for a while, but when he pushed me down on my back and started to kind of roll on top of me, I was way, way too full to handle it. I groaned loudly and shoved him off of me, just before it got to be too much, I think, luckily for me. “You okay there?” my boyfriend laughed.

“No!” I whispered harshly. “Can I please go now?”

“Hmm, not yet,” he smiled and looked me over.

“Can we at least look for somewhere to go?”

“You want to walk around a bit?” he asked, and seemed to be serious.

“I want to find somewhere to pee!” I told him.

“Alright, we can walk around.” He actually seemed pretty eager to do that, and got up and brushed his pants off a bit.

I pulled my legs closer to me, and breathed in and out a few times, preparing myself to stand.

“Need a hand?” my boyfriend asked and held out his hand.

I didn’t say anything, I just grabbed it and pulled myself up. Right as I put most of my weight on his hand, he dropped his hand down, as if I was pulling him over. I caught myself on my feet and didn’t fall, but as I planted my feet again, I felt a tiny tickle at the tip of my penis. I knew I’d probably let out a drip or two, and gave him a glare because of it. “Jerk,” I whispered. He just laughed in response.

We walked back down the pier, and I knew I was walking a little strangely. I was hunched over a bit by now, what with my stomach being so full. I looked over the parking lot as we came up to it, and I remember seeing someone who was packing up a chair or something into their car, and remember that the couple we ran into earlier was still there, but I don’t remember how I saw them.

We turned to walk along a path that I think ran around the lake. I remember the water lapping gently against the shore, and it was absolutely *not* helping my situation. “I don’t see any bathrooms,” I said. “Can we turn around?”

“We can turn around if you want to,” he said, “but you still can’t go.”

“When?” I asked, getting a little upset now. I remember really liking the pants and underwear I was wearing and not particularly wanting to wet them. Never mind that I was so far away from home without a change of clothes or anything to hide it.

“When I say,” he said, and slapped my butt.

I huffed, and turned around. I did actually want to find a toilet. It crossed my mind that we were pretty far out in nature away from anyone, but I was (and still am) paranoid about being seen peeing in public and didn’t want to take the chance, and would rather have somewhere a little cleaner to go. Plus, I wanted my phone back, and there wasn’t a lot to do until my boyfriend gave the say-so.

Before long we got back to the area where the parking lot and pier were, and it was all pretty much the same – someone packing things into his car, and the same couple somewhere that I don’t remember – their car or something probably. I tried to put my boyfriend between myself and everyone else, I know I was having trouble walking at this point because I was so painfully full, and didn’t want anyone else to see. “Do you see anything around?” I asked, hunched over a bit.

“Hmm, no, nothing,” my boyfriend said, clearly without looking at all.

I sighed angrily and breathily, but we kept walking along the other side of the shore, and I kept looking. Nothing, of course. Just as we were about to leave sight of the parking lot again, I had to stop walking. My bladder was contracting, trying to shove everything out, clearly it was done with my boyfriend’s game.

I groaned and stood in place, hunched over and my entire body was incredibly taut, my eyes were squeezed shut. I felt like I was using every muscle in my body to keep my bladder closed, and any relaxation at all and I’d lose it.

“You okay?” I heard my boyfriend ask just to my side.

I couldn’t reply. If I did, I knew I’d lose it completely and wet myself. I don’t know how long I stayed like that, but finally I felt the pressure wave subside and I could relax my body, just as one or two more drips dampened my briefs and teased my tip. “That hurt,” I grabbed my boyfriend’s shirt. “I need to go, now,” I told him.

“I don’t even see anywhere to go,” he said.

“Let’s just walk away from the parking lot,” I said, and started waddling awkwardly away from the parking lot, on to the trail along the lake side. My mind was racing trying to figure out what to do, part of me said to just pee through my underwear so I wasn’t technically exposing myself, another part of me just wanted to take it all out and get the release I really, really needed by this point. Some part of me wanted to release some right then and there, in my pants, just to make the pain end, but the instant that image crossed my mind, my bladder seemed to agree and contracted again. My whole body froze up again, as I used every muscle I had to hold back the flood that my bladder was involuntarily trying to force out of me.

I was frozen to the spot, and somehow, I remember catching a glimpse of my boyfriend staring at me eagerly despite my squeezing my eyes shut out of pain. I remember quietly swearing to myself as I felt a tiny trickling feeling. I tensed my body even harder, but I couldn’t keep it up for long, only a few seconds. I panicked as I felt my body relaxing, and just as I felt my body giving up, my bladder stopped contracting. I felt a tiny bit more leave me, but I got lucky and managed not to lose it all. I looked down at my pants, and there was a wet patch the size of a few coins on the front of my pants.

“Come on, I’ve got to go,” I started walking down the path as quickly as I could manage.

“Looks like you’re already going,” my boyfriend chuckled. He stuck a finger inside a small worn spot on the inside thigh of my jeans and wiggled his finger a bit. “It’s all gonna come out here.”

I jumped back from his tickling touch and kept walking as fast as I could without bursting. I was sweating with the effort of holding it in and swept my soaked bangs out of my eyes. After I felt like I’d walked far enough, I turned around to see if I was out of sight yet, and I was not. The motion from turning around so quickly made my bladder contract again. I leaned forward and put one hand on my thigh and reached out and grabbed a tree branch to stay standing.

My entire body tensed again, and I remember standing on my toes for some reason. I couldn’t feel anything leaving me at the time, and stood tensed up on my toes again. I groaned loudly, and opened my eyes just enough to see my boyfriend staring at me and the parking lot still behind him. I felt a few drips run down my cheek, sweat or maybe tears at this point, but I genuinely did *not* want to wet myself here. As the pressure finally subsided, I looked down and my wet patch had grown to about the size of a saucer between my legs. I was losing it and I knew it. “Babe… Please,” I whined to him. I’m not exactly sure what I wanted him to do – let me pee I guess, maybe give me some cover? – but he grabbed my hand and dragged me quickly down the path without really saying anything. Every step was a sharp pain in my bladder by now, I needed to be with every fiber of my body, but I think I managed to hold on.

After a while I think we had finally gotten out of sight of the parking lot. I had closed my eyes again so I wasn’t completely sure, I just know that he pushed me back against a tree and grabbed each of my biceps. I opened my eyes, and he was looking me dead in the eyes. “Hold it,” he told me playfully, and I tried to. It wasn’t too bad until, you guessed it, another pressure wave. I tried to bend forward and unzip my pants, grab my crotch, anything, but he was stronger than me even when I wasn’t filled to the brim with pee. I jerked against him holding me, trying to tense up my body against the flood again, and for a while it worked. My boyfriend looked off to the side quickly, “Hoooold it,” he said looking down at my crotch again.

“Please let me go!” I whimpered at him, but he completely ignored me. I jerked my legs forward, he wasn’t holding those down, and I felt wetness seep along my inner thigh. I looked down and saw the wetness had gone an inch or two down my inner thigh. I looked up at my boyfriend again, but he wasn’t looking at my face.

“You can pee,” he said flatly.

Right on cue, the flow picked up. I looked back down again and saw the dark wetness flow slowly across the front of my thigh along a crease in my jeans, and jet down the inseam right to my knee. I looked up at my boyfriend again, I guess I was hoping that he’d do *something*, but he was clearly staring intently at me embarrassing myself. When I felt it flowing against the back of my knees, I stopped looking at my boyfriend. My body went limp, and my boyfriend was the only thing holding me up, with my back shoved against a tree. 

My head sank down and I watched my pants get utterly soaked. I felt a warm wet feeling wrap around the front and back of my thighs, gather up in the creases of my pants behind my knees, pattering down out of there onto the back of my calves, flowing over my knees to soak the front… When I felt the flow hitting my shoes, I twitched my legs so that they were splayed open a little, and the pee flowed down and onto the ground rather than into my shoes. I vaguely though something about my shoes being dry, at least.

My heart was beating out of my chest at the fact that I had just *completely* soaked myself in very light-colored jeans, and now needed to go back through a parking lot with people in it and let my boyfriend drive me back home (for real this time, hopefully). My boyfriend let me down and I just managed to find the strength to stand and look myself over. The front of my pants was basically soaked up to my waist, even my pockets were soaked. The sides of my hips were dry, but they were soaked on the side of my thighs. I couldn’t see my butt, but I think I felt it and it was like I had sat in a wet chair. I didn’t see any dry denim below my knees.

All my boyfriend did in response to me soaking myself was take my phone out of his pocket and snap a few pictures of me in wet pants. He put a finger in my wet jeans pocket, pulled it open with a wet, squishy noise, and slip my phone in.

I took it out so it wouldn’t get wet, and gave him a look as if to say “Really?” But I actually asked, “Can we go now?”

He chuckled and said “Sure, we can go.”

We walked back up along the path, and I swear my pants were making squishing noises as I did. My pants actually felt looser, my bladder was so distended, and I felt my jeans clinging to every inch of my legs as I walked. The feeling started to get me hard, and the feeling of my wet underwear clinging to me as I did only made me more excited. As we came back in sight of the parking lot, I heard another set of footsteps. My heart started pounding again, and I sort of fell back behind my boyfriend. Just as I did, I saw the other couple we’d gone past earlier. Naturally, both of their eyes went right for my pants.

“Oh, damn,” one of the guys laughed.

“Did you fall in?” the other asked, laughing too.

“I, uh, yeah…” I stammered. I tried to ignore them and just kept up with my boyfriend. I’m sure I was blushing furiously.

When we got to the parking lot, the guy packing things up was still there, and I think there was another car with a person in it, too. Once we got close I walked quickly up to the car, and was becoming increasingly conscious of the feeling of my wet underwear and jeans pressing against my dick.

“Hurry up!” I called over to him.

“Not so fast,” my boyfriend called, “I don’t want my seats to get wet.” He popped the trunk and took his time sorting through whatever was in there. As he did, the couple from earlier came back to the parking lot and sat on some benches just at the entrance of the path I’d wet myself on. It was a ways away, but I could tell they were both looking at me and probably talking about me.

Finally, my boyfriend found a towel and unlocked the door. He moved me out of the way and laid it down on the passenger’s seat, and the second he was out of the way I jumped in and closed the door. He stared at my soaked jeans for a while and laughed at me, and then he started driving … somewhere, hopefully to my apartment.

I was excited and hard on the way here, but I was painfully hard on the drive back. My already tight jeans were clinging to every bit of my legs, and I could feel my underwear slapping against me and clinging as I occasionally throbbed. My boyfriend was nice enough to turn on the heater, so I wasn’t freezing. Every time we stopped, my boyfriend looked over at me. “Wow,” he said, surprised, “You really do like that, huh?”

“Shut up,” I laughed and gently slapped him. That was most of the drive; me being hard while my pants slowly dried. Eventually we got back to somewhere close to my apartment, and my boyfriend started turning to take a different road.

“Where are we going?” I asked, worried. My pants weren’t soaked now, but they were still obviously wet, with the wetness kind of having spread out a lot more evenly over my pants.

“I want a drink,” he said, and I knew we were going to a fast food restaurant that was popular in my college town. Lucky for me, it was one where they brought the food to your car, rather than you going in or going through a drive-thru.

“But… People are gonna see…” I complained as he pulled in.

“It’s okay,” he said. “I mean, there’s not much you can do now, I guess you should have held it.” He reached his arm over and rubbed my thigh a bit, but since I was so hard, he wasn’t just rubbing my thigh… Totally by accident, I’m sure. I started and moved as far away from him as I could in the car, just barely stopping him from sending me over the edge.

“Watch it!” I told him. I’m not sure if it would have actually made my pants appear any wetter, but I didn’t want him to set me off all the same.

It wasn’t long before his drink came out, of course, and we both saw the person with the drink coming out of the kitchen building and start walking towards our car. When he saw that, without looking in my direction, he subtly reached over rubbed some more. It didn’t take much to send me over the edge. I was gripping my thighs and trying to control my breathing as the waitress came up to the driver’s side of our car and my boyfriend rolled down the window.

“Here you go,” she said cheerfully, and handed my boyfriend his drink as I felt myself throbbing and re-wetting my pants.

“Thank you!” my boyfriend said and put the drink in the cup holder. She walked away and he rolled up the window.

I was lucky, but she didn’t pay any attention to me whatsoever. It took me a while after she left to calm down, I had gotten so pent up over what we’d done that night. I didn’t really pay attention to what my boyfriend was doing, but as I got my body and breathing back under control, I heard him ask, “Ready to go home?”

“…Yes,” I said quietly.

I didn’t have any trouble getting back into my apartment, and there wasn’t anyone around as I walked from the car to my door. I had pretty good luck with that at that apartment complex, come to think of it. I know my boyfriend came in for a while, and I’m pretty sure we talked (for real) about what I was into and I paid him back, but that’s not really what this board is about.

So, long story short, that is how I learned to password protect my phone.

If anyone has any requests as far as what kind of story I should write next, please ask! Solo, with a boyfriend, sightings I’ve had, etc. Or, if cumming in your pants is an OK topic for the board, I can write a few of those stories up too. I know it’s not what the board is technically about, but there is definitely a lot of overlap with omorashi and I have seen a thread or two about it here that seemed popular enough.

Let me know! And I hope you enjoyed!

*007*2022-03-13 20:38

{{On 3/11/2022 at 1:55 PM, roseybabydoll said:

Omg this is such an amazing story!!! How did it go after you got back home?

}}

Thank you!

It went pretty well, all things considered - long story short, my boyfriend had looked through my phone and seen the videos I'd taken of myself desperate and wetting, and thought it was hot enough that he wanted to try it with me. He put me in that position because he figured I was too shy/embarrassed about it to tell him about that fetish (and he was right), since I had already told him about other, less embarrassing fetishes I had. I was a bit angry at him for going through my phone (and definitely put a password on it), but I had a hard time being *too* angry, considering how it turned out.

I also thanked him quickly with a blowjob, but it was pretty late by that point and we both needed to go to sleep.

