Todays Antics

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2016-03-07 16:36

Hi everyone :D Just thought I would share with you what fun I have got up to today. I can hold quite a large amount of pee. Usually around 1.2L!! Just so you know.

Anyways today as I live with family has been a rare occasion when I have gotten chance to have some wetting and pee fun! I decided to wash the car :)

I got my self super desperate to pee before I even started. My drive way is secluded tbf so I can't be seen easily from any neighbors. I started washing the car and I was wearing jeans and boxers. I was proper desperate to pee and I felt my bladder beginning to give up after only 15 minutes of being outside. So I grabbed my self an empty bucket, went into the garage, and then sat on the bucket and peed through my boxers and jeans into the bucket. Surprisingly even though I was really bursting I struggled to fully relax and let my self go properly. It still needed some proper concentration. By the end of the pee there was such a large amount in the bucket. I was well impressed with how much my bladder had managed to hold!

I carried on washing the car which took about another hour and by the time I had finished it wasn't that noticeable that I had wet my self. I went back inside and went on my xbox sitting on a towel on the sofa in the living room. I spent like 2 hours doing that so it was about 3 hours since my first wetting :)

I decided to do a re-wetting. I went upstairs into the bathroom in my boxers, jeans, and old converse and stood in the shower. It didn't take as long to get going this time. Probably because I had already done it and I was damp from before and maybe a bit because I was not so exposed this time.

I stood for like a minute just slowly relieving my self. It felt great because it was warming up the cold damp patch between my legs and it warmed my feet up as they were cold from being outside!

I had a great time today and I hope I can do it again soon but I don't know when I will get time alone again :(

Anyone that has any ideas of how I can get away with being sneaky and wetting/peeing in fun ways without making it too obvious feel free to post on here it would be greatly appreciated :D

Joe

*002*2016-03-08 16:23

Thats so annoying :( that would really get on my nerves as well :/

And yeah I do when I can. I suppose that does open up some sneaky opportunities :)

