A very violent wetting

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2016-09-20 03:35

Let me start this off by saying I hate alcohol. I'm currently in my room in a world of pain because some asshole got drunk and forced me to step in. Bottom line I got into a fight. Now this story is a little mixture of omo, stupidity, and really me ranting about the stupidity of people, but it came out with me meeting one of the coolest and sweetest people ever... who has a lot of omo opertunities for the future, so enjoy!

I don't drink, as alcohol more or less ruined my life as some of you may already know, so why was I at a bar tonight? Your guess is as good as mine, but it may have something to do I was DD for a friend who 9/10 times doesn't even leave with me. So I was just there watching whatever was on the TV and it's only maybe 2000 but I can tell that this is going to be a loud and stupid night. There were a bunch of guys who were loud as hell, already gone, and flirting with every girl in the bar. Most stayed clear but the problem was they were on the way to the bathroom. 

Basically if anyone came in or out they would mess with them.... it doesn't take a genius to see where this can be an issue. Now me, I avoid any form of drama like it's the plague. I prefer a simple easy life, yet somehow it always finds me, so tonight I had a plan. In my little mind I was hey let's not intervene. These guys are drunk and I'm sure they'll get kicked out long before they do anything too bad right? As usual I'm dead wrong, so let's just skip to 2130.

There's 3 girls who are sitting at a table right next to me and one of them is bouncing saying she has to go so bad but doesn't want to have to deal with the 5 morons in the way. For those who like a picture, she was maybe 5'5 brown hair, cute face and was wearing jeans a belt boots and a white shirt with a brown jacket over it. She was really cute actually. Anyhow I don't like to eavesdrop but sometimes I'm board and there's nothing really else to do. About 15 minutes later all 3 girls get up to go to the bathroom and of course the guys stop them. They're harassing these poor girls and the one who had to go had enough and said can I please go through I'm about to pee my pants. Now idk why not one person did anything to stop these guys. They have been harassing girls all night and really no one seemed to care but anyways the guy just laughed and said you kiss me I'll let you pass.

At this point I had enough and as I was walking over there the girl started crying and proceeded to pee her pants. Now even though my love for omo is dying down, in most cases seeing a cute girl pee her pants would be a turn on but not now. As said in the past I hate public humiliation and these guys just made a girl pee herself in front of anyone then laughed at her. I don't fight. I see no need and when I do I don't throw first punch. I walked over there asked the girl and her friends who were trying to calm her down to get out of the way. One looked at me and instantly new and whispered don't die and they left. 

I then punched the big one who did this hard in the face, took a bottle hit him in the head and he was out cold. The the other 4 got up and one pinned me to the wall punched me in the gut and was beating on me. He then pulled out a knife saying I was a deadman. I then pulled mine ready to fight it out but luckily my friend was sober for once and tackled him to the ground and we got the hell out of there. Upon leaving the three girls followed and thanked me and my friend. There was a diner down the block so the five of us ended up going down there to get some food.

And yes the girl who wet her pants changed before we went in (her name is actually Tanya). So I'm beaten and bloody, but a man. I see an oppertunity to talk to a cute girl and I'll take it, and all three were cute. Tanya was the cutest so I ended up talking to her for a good 3 hours at the diner while my friend left with her two friends. We talked about a lot of things but one of them was that as a child she was abused bad. She was often forced to hold her bladder in as a child and locked in her room. 

As a result she started wetting the bed until she was 15 and has a very weak bladder. She was taken away from her home at the age of 6 and grew up in foster care (she's 21 now). As a result of this sometimes she doesn't make it to the bathroom during long drives and if she laughed too hard she will wet her pants. Now idk why she told me all of this but we hit it off, I got her number and I can really see this going places so wish me luck. That being said I still hate alcohol almost died and if I did it would have been completely worth it to see that fat ass prick get knocked out without knowing what hit him.

*003*2016-09-20 04:45

{{51 minutes ago, satyr said:

I'm confused by this. You say you don't fight but you carry a knife? WTF? Yeah. Just because I don't like to fight don't mean I'll get caught with my pants down. Self Defense and starting shut are 2 different things

}}

$

*009*2016-09-20 21:32

{{1 hour ago, Spurgle said:

First of all I hope this is untrue (I think it is) because the whole scene is in my opinion monumentally stupid.

1. Carrying a knife for any purpose is stupid and dangerous.

2. In bars there are people trained to deal with this sort of situation: they're called bouncers. Let them do their job.

3. Trying to be Dirty Harry in 9/10 situations gets nobody anywhere except hurt, killed or locked up.

4. A "real man" would not have made a bad situation worse.

}}

I wish it was untrue. The situation was messed up and i am still not relaxed, and yes I should have called bouncer, but considering they were harassing every girl, they had to have known. As for the knife, I always am armed. You never know when you may need it, and I'd rather have it and not use it instead of need it and not have it. Besides I use it all the time to cut shit when needed. But you're right I made the situation a hell of a lot worse and if my friend was drunk like he almost always is I would be dead right now.

*015*2016-09-23 04:14

{{On 9/20/2016 at 6:08 PM, Spurgle said:

I'll leave this here for you to think about: If you are worried about your own personal safety when out and about, having a knife is NOT the way to remedy that. All a knife or any weapon does is escalate a violent or potentially violent situation into a potentially life threatening situation. If you're worried about your safety, take up boxing or a martial art.

Also just think about what would happen if you were stopped by the police. A simple case of let's say mistaken identity, they stop you, search you.. fuck a knife. Now what? You'd be arrested for possessing a deadly weapon (in the U.K. at least) and spend a cozy evening in the cells. For what? Whatever you might think, it's not worth carrying a knife.

}}

Look I know basic self defense but I use my knife all the time for non-violent acts that being said a lot of guys don't play nice. In America people don't care if you're unarmed, they'll still kill you if they want. From the sounds of things you have never been in a situation where you needed to protect yourself or someone at all cost, and I hope you never have to, but some of us ain't that lucky. I'll always have my knife if I can and I'll only use it if threatened by another weapon as I did oh and be me pulling it out, he hesitated long enough for my friend to tackle him, so I may not be here if I didn't use my knife that nothing good comes out of.

*016*2016-09-23 04:16

{{On 9/20/2016 at 6:18 PM, blooper said:

In the end, however, carrying the knife wasn't the problem. It was improper actions on the OPs part.

}}

Yeah... I'm well aware that I almost got myself killed lol. I live and learn but I'm done with drunk people for a while so I hope I don't get stuck in another bad situation

