Car accident

Author: fury85

*000*2016-02-26 22:59

I live in Minnesota and even though this has been a really mild winter we still had a sleety rain the other day that turned all the roads to pure ice. Last night I was driving home latter in the night around 11, I was coming up to an intersection and could see another car coming so I hit the brakes, my car is older and light mind you, the wheels locked up and the car started to go sideways. At this point I was terrified here I am sliding out of control into another car, I look over and see the intersection approaching, the other car is in it now, and I am still sliding. I started to panic not knowing what to do I braced for impact, I don't know when exactly it happened but at this point I started to feel my crotch grow warm. The other car made it through the intersection as I slid through so there was no accident, by cars at least.

I stopped in the middle of the intersection. Panting from fear and adrenalin I started to calm down and realized what that warm feeling in my crotch signified. I must have started going as soon as I saw the other car because I looked down at my lap and saw a huge wet spot in my jeans that engulfed the entire tops of my thighs. I began to panic a little again as I was slapped with the reality that while I had avoided an accident in my car I was in the midst of another accident in my car. I don’t know if I was able to stop the flow into my jeans or if I just finished going, though it was probably the later. I started to drive off again and realized just how wet I was, as well as the puddle on my fake leather seats.

I felt humiliated which was really surprising but I guess this is the first actual accident I have had sense I was very little. As I drove home though I was happier about it, the warmth of my pee in my lap and the puddle slowly soaking into my pants helped alot. When I got home I went inside and looked at my pants, they were drenched, I mean all over, my bladder really didn't hold anything back. Looking back it was really great.

