"Just made it"... well, sort of

Author: davidparker265

*000*2022-04-26 17:50

Hey OmoOrg! It's been a long time since I've been here...and I found a batch of stories that I wrote a couple years ago but never shared (some real, some fiction). So I'm going to start posting some of them! This was a fun little experience I had that made me think of all of you, and I thought you might enjoy (Written from the perspective of it just happening, since that's when I wrote it...heh).

- - - - -

The other night I went out with an old friend, and it was great to catch up. In fact, it was so great that we ended up staying out much later than we expected, drinking more than we had intended to. By the end of the evening, I was getting up to pee often...and peeing a lot every time. Of course, I didn't want to go pee every five minutes, you get lost in conversation...so I'd wait, and wait, and wait until my leg was literally bouncing under the table, piss inching its way toward a leak, then rush to the bathroom and let loose with a giant sigh of relief. Like every 15 minutes. So you know, one of those nights.

When it came time to say goodbye, I went to the bathroom one last time, then headed out to walk home. It's about a 20-30 minute walk through the park to my building, and while ordinarily I'd just grab an Uber, I figured I'm close enough to home that I can just walk. I was probably just drunk enough that I didn't even consider how those drinks had been flowing straight through me all night.

After only five minutes into the walk, I could already feel my need increasing quickly. My bladder was already pleasantly full, and I realized I'd probably be rushing to get in the door by the time I got home. But I'd be okay, I thought. I'll have my keys ready, I'll rush straight to the bathroom and have a nice, long pee in the toilet. But even that was an overestimation of my abilities on this particular evening.

Halfway home, I had gone from "pleasantly full" to "I'm going to explode". Maybe I drank more than I thought, maybe it was the alcohol—but whatever caused it, I was squirming uncontrollably, my crotch tingling with need. It wasn't just one of those full bladder feelings—I swear could already feel the pee begging to come out the tip of my dick. Like I was ready to start gushing in my pants at any moment. I started walking more briskly, each step pounding on my undoubtedly bulging bladder.

After a minute, I realized: there was no way I was going to make it home. I had to pee NOW. I could not wait any longer, it was going to start spraying out whether I wanted to or not. I spotted a tree 50 yards away and made a snap decision. I was either going to go there, or piss my pants in 60 seconds when I inevitably lost control.

I quickly looked left and right, biting my lip as my penis quivered. There was a car driving through the parking lot next to me, but they couldn't see me, right? I looked behind me, fearing someone could walk up and catch me in the act at any moment. But even if someone did appear...it'd be less embarrassing for them to see me lose control with my cock out than lose control peeing my pants. I definitely wouldn't be able to hide soaking wet jeans the entire walk home.

I had to make my move. I power walked in the tree's direction, my gait turning to a scramble as I started to unbutton my jeans mid-stride. Before I could even get my zipper down, I started peeing. No warning leaks, no spurts, just two desperate seconds of spraying pee in my pants before I leaned my back against the tree, yanked down my underwear as fast as humanly possible, and let loose a hot, powerful stream into the air. I let out an enormous sigh of relief as my erupting piss fell to the grass below, splashing in a quickly-growing puddle as I relaxed in near-orgasmic ecstasy.

I felt like my pee went on forever. Still spraying into the air, I looked around to make sure no one saw me. Then I realized: despite my best effort, my underwear was rather damp. The damage had been done, perhaps I could be just a little naughty without creating a wet spot on my jeans? Ss my stream finally slowed from firehose to fountain to trickle, I zipped up my pants early, pumping the final spurts in my pants. My underwear was quite wet now, but thankfully no wet spots on my pants. I gave my crotch a quick rub, shivered, and started walking home.

So I definitely didn't make it to the bathroom, but I suppose you could say I sort of "made it"...to the tree, at least. And that's if you don't count the wet spot on my boxer briefs. But doesn't really count...right?

