Girlfriend's first desperation

Author: ThatEnigma

*000*2017-03-27 20:24

Female piss desperation (Featuring my GF)

Okay, so this is my first story on this site that happened only a few days ago. I'll give some context: So recently I went out to a party and got absolutely smashed, it turns out that I was so drunk that I ended up telling my girlfriend about my omorashi fetish after hiding it for a year. I was so mortified when the hangover subsided but I was going to her house to make matters worse... The good news is that she was totally into my fetish and wanted to please me, she's a submissive and I'm a dominant so she loves to please me and let me control her. I figured how hot I found her first experience that I'd share it with everybody out there and definitely enjoy reliving the moment. So, here it goes: My girlfriend's first desperation:

I'll set the scene: My girlfriend, who'll we'll call Daniella, woke me up at around 9:00am at her parents house, Daniella is quite short with short blonde hair with highlights, she was wearing tight black leggings that hugged her huge ass, she jumped into bed with me, I was lying naked and she caressed my leg with hers (We thought it was 8:00am and that we had another hour in bed together before her parents got up, little did we know that the clocks had just gone forward an hour...). After an earful from her mum I left the room that I was staying in for the night and we both headed to her room. We sat and lay on her bed for a while and cuddled together, about 30 minutes later her mum called us in the kitchen for a huge breakfast; eggs, toast, sausage, orange juice etc. Everything seemed quite normal until Daniella asked for more orange juice. It was nothing more than notable at the time but didn't send off any exciting alarm bells in my head.

An hour later, we had just had sex in her bed while her parents were out walking the dog. I asked her a question

"So.. Did you know about my fetish at all before this or what?" I enquired.

"No! I had no idea, I mean your friends made jokes about it but I never thought it was true, I thought they were just messing with you!" She exclaimed. "I just knew that every time I mentioned I really had to pee you got a bit weird?" It was true, every time she talked about having to pee she was completely oblivious to just how aroused I became when thinking about it. It was true though, she never even knew.

"Well, I'm pretty happy that you're into it!" I laughed, she smiled back at me longingly as if she wanted a request, but it was way more seductive than normal. She stared me at me and asked

"Should I go and get a glass of water." Those words hit me like a brick, I knew this was going to be an amazing day, my incredibly hot girlfriend was going to force herself to not pee just for me. The glass went from 1 to 2 to 3 and the signs started to kick in that I knew all too well, but now for them to be happening to me in person? I was in heaven. As she was wearing a tight black tshirt I could see the visible bulge in her bladder coming out of it. She moaned and stared at me desperately and said "Please let me pee..." I stared at her so aroused and said plainly

"Not until I let you go baby, you're all mine" Her faced sunk as she held her bladder even tighter. She asked if we could do something to take her mind off of things and I agreed. We went to play a board game.

I decided that how aroused I was from controlling her and how aroused she was from being controlled that we would devise a plan, we decided that she had an allotted time as to when she was allowed to pee but she didn't know when it was. It was torture for her. As we played the board game I saw her put her hands to her crotch on multiple occasions and watched her begin visibly shaking with desperation. Now, normally from 3 glasses you could handle this but I neglected to mention that these glasses were huge like some kind of XXXL super slurpy cup from McDonalds large and she had 3 of those and 2 orange juice glasses all sloshing around in her bladder. I could almost feel her bladder aching, that's when I turned from her to torment her and said

"Ooh, wow I really have to pee, I think I'm going to go to the bathroom now..." She winced and moaned through both pain and pleasure as she desperately wanted to please me but did not want to wet herself.

When I got back she pleaded with me to let her go and pee as she was so close to wetting herself but I stared at her and said no. I told her "If you ask me to pee one more time then I'm going to add 15 minutes to the allotted time..." She almost look liked she wanted to cry but almost orgasm at the same time, she whispered to me

"Fuck, I'm so so wet.." I decided that we should have sex to take her mind off of things and holy shit was it amazing, she was so horny from being controlled and that tied in with her having to pee made it amazing. We lay in bed making sure that her parents were far away in the house still. She sat and stared at me with pleading eyes and she crossed her legs tightly like a boa constrictor suffocating it's prey. She begged me so much she kept on saying "Please please let me go" but she never said pee because if she did I added 15 minutes so I pretended I had no clue what she was talking about teasing her so hard.

She pushed her body up against me and wrapped her legs around mine to try and hold it, I could feel her bladder pulsating on my leg that's when I did it. I pushed my hand into her bladder. She screamed, she said "No! No please please stop I swear to god I'll wet myself." I kept pushing and pushing but then letting go, she kept telling me how horny this made her but that if she stood up now she might not make it to the bathroom.

I thought about how hot this was and I sadistically made this want to last longer, I walked into her kitchen and poured her a large glass of water, I came back into the room and she stared at me with fear "No please, I can't... I.." I told her that if she finished this then she could go and pee after 30 minutes, she stared at me with disdain as she nursed her full bladder and took the glass, she downed it quickly and we lay in bed together talking for 30 minutes.

After 30 minutes, she was catatonic, she needed to pee so badly that she felt if she moved she would burst, I told her to get up and to follow me to the bathroom. Her face so screwed up and wincing when she did. It took her a minute to get up off of the bed without wetting herself and waddle to the bathroom. She was so desperate, even a touch on her bladder and she would burst. "I.. I can't hold it anymore, please let me pee now." I ignored the rule as I felt she would wet herself and I wanted to see her so desperate to pee. I opened the bathroom door and her face lit up, she almost ran to it when BAM. I jammed the door with my arm preventing her from getting in, she looked at me pleadingly as if to say "Please, I'm nearly leaking." I told her

"Daniella, you can pee under one condition, you take off your trousers and panties and sit on the toiler without peeing" She looked like she wanted to punch me but also have crazy mad sex. Her face was an amalgamation of the two. She willingly agreed knowing she did not have long left. I watched her sit down as she shook screaming quietly a high pitched note while drumming her legs on the floor

"PLEASE PLEASE LET ME PEE I CAN'T HOLD IT ANYMORE IT HURTS SO MUCH, I'M SO HORNY FUCK BUT I HAVE TO PEE PLEASE LET ME." I walked over to her and told her 5 minutes, the blood rushed from her face clearly to her bladder trying to hold in the torrent but it was too late, she let out the most orgasmic cry ever as I heard her explode like a super soaker into the bowl, she really couldn't do it anymore.

We ended up having more sex afterwards and she has done this to me a few times since even though it was recently. I have to say I'm the most sexually satisfied I have ever been in my life now.

Thanks for reading my story, all events were true. I did record the noise of her peeing as soon as she started but it had video of her and I don't want to reveal her identity. Hope you enjoy.

PeeS. If you've got any real chat show desperation videos I'd really be interested, that's like my thing in videos! Thanks!

*002*2017-03-28 21:50

Absolutely amazing story, I loved it. Thanks for sharing! You too sound like a very lucky guy ;)

