A relative's desperation

Author: nunyabizz

*000*2012-08-06 15:58

My parents rarely took me anywhere, and I think in addition to their being poor and antisocial, it's also because they had fairly weak bladders and as anyone living in nyc knows, there are very few public toilets...even in public places like parks. Most everything is "Restrooms for Customers Only" and people can be real assholes about that.

I was returning somewhere from a rare outing with my father...don't remember what it was, maybe the planetarium? We were riding the elevated train back, not so far from home, but maybe several longish stops, anyone who's taken these trains knows how slow they are – especially something like twenty years ago when this happened, although it still takes an eternity to get anywhere. I could tell my father was very uncomfortable because then, as now, he really liked his soda.

He basically said in so many words that he wasn't going to make it. I asked what this meant, if we were going to get off the train early and try to find somewhere to go, but we really didn't know the neighborhoods even in the surrounding stops to ours, so that wouldn't have been much good. I didn't know if he was going to wet himself on the train in front of people, but I knew he couldn't bring himself to do that. So, suffice it to say, it was a very awkward and tension-filled moment.

To my surprise, he opened the door (the cars are joined by chains and very narrow platforms) and he stood on the very narrow platform as the train was moving and let it go...I would have hated to be one of the people walking on the street below. I wasn't watching him but I could see his face through the door. He was riding and holding on the handle outside as he was doing this business and hoping that no one was going to walk between the cars, as was quite normal back then (this was way before the $75 fine that's now in effect if you get caught moving between cars instead of getting out on the platform and going between cars the 'safer' way).

He came back into the train car when he was done and seemed relieved, though, given the motion, he did get a few drops on himself, but, you know, nothing compared to fully wetting oneself. Still it was obvious to me and others on the car what he was doing out there.

I of course wanted to talk to my father about this, but I couldn't – you know, how he came up with doing this and if he had ever seen anyone do this before. I felt ashamed and confused about this incident for years although I learned some time later that LIRR and Metro-North cars, the subways for suburbanites, have restrooms, but us poor sad sacks in the five boroughs have to be miserable and develop bladder problems, basically.

After that incident we really never went anywhere together.

I hope someone out there find this story interesting.

