University flatmate wetting after the pub

Author: AlohaSummer

*000*2020-05-29 17:50

Hello, long time lurker first time poster here! Due to an extended period of free time and my delayed graduation from university I decided to write down one of the many experiences of my friend from university! This took place two and half years ago when I, along with my friend were in our first year of university (so we were 19).

First let me tell you a little bit about my friend, who I’m going to call Sunny, she’s about 5’5, slim but athletic (she was a ballet dancer), Korean, long black hair, B cup breasts, very pretty face and a self proclaimed ‘tiny bladder’. She was very open and often makes jokes about the fact she ALWAYS needs a wee, and trust me I have many stories about her having to piss on the side of the road on the way to the nightclub or having a few small (and less small) accidents.

On this particular Friday night in First Year all of our other flat mates decided they were going to go out to a club to celebrate finishing their exams for the year. Sunny and I, however, hadn’t finished yet but as we didn’t have an exam until Monday decided against super drunk at a club but still wanted to go to the pub for a few drinks to celebrate the end of the week.

We made our way to a popular pub off campus and got our drinks, Sunny was wearing a tight black bodysuit and tight blue jeans. Now of course Sunny’s small bladder was especially evident when she was drinking alcohol and as she weed pretty early on in out time at the pub she ‘broke the seal’ so to speak and therefore after one drink would go to the toilet every 10-15 minutes. When I got (jokingly) annoyed at her for leaving me at the table on my own so often and told her to hold it she replied:

“I actually can’t hold it, I’ll wet myself”

Around 12:30am we decided to call it a night and we were both sufficiently tipsy and giggly, before we left Sunny decided she was going to use the bathroom but she came back about 2 minutes later.

“That was quick” I commented

“Yeah the line was about a mile long, I don’t actually have to wee anyway I just wanted to make sure” she replied

So we started our walk about 20 minute walk home, pretty quickly Sunny clearly needed the bathroom, a fact she voice loudly

“I take that back I really need a wee”

“Well we have a bit longer to walk so you’re gonna have to hold it”

As we were walking Sunny would hop up and down and complain about needing a wee bit I told her to stop over exaggerating. After about 10 minutes Sunny had a enough

“Shit I can’t hold it, I’m just gonna piss in an alley or something”

“You can’t, we’re walking along a main road for the rest of the walk you’re gonna get arrested for public urination, you’re gonna have to hold it!”

We both knew that this was true and she’d have to hold it until we got back to our flat. This walk was done with Sunny struggling immensely, hoping up and down complaining often saying “I’m gonna wet myself” in a singsongy voice. Sunny, who was a notoriously slow walker, was pacing ahead of me

“I love how you only walk quickly when you’re about to wet yourself”

“Oh you have no idea, a little bit has already come out” she replied, though still quite lighthearted about the situation.

We got to a traffic light and had to wait for it to turn green (a surprising amount of cars on the road at 12:45am!) and Sunny was dancing on the spot, she suddenly turned around and showed me her arse

“Summer you need to check if you can see I’ve weed myself!”

I inspected her jeans and saw a small spot on her crotch and little dribble down her legs, because her jeans were blue the dark discolouration stood out quite a bit.

“Yeah a little bit”

“Shit! I’m definitely gonna wet myself”

Sunny quickly resumed her pace of about 20 steps ahead of me and got to the front door to our uni halls before me but I saw her waiting outside the door instead of going inside, then I remembered she didn’t have her keys! I quickly caught up to her so I could let her in the building (though not as quick as I could have been, I was enjoying this show)

“Open the door now, I’m literally wetting myself right now” she said as soon as I was in earshot, I looked hat her jeans and there was a sizeable wet spot now visible on her crotch between where her hands were grabbing desperately at her pussy.

I quickly opened the front door and Sunny ran past me, but my key was really old and out Uni was was pretty cheap and my key often got stuck in the lock, unfortunately (or a suppose fortunately) this was one of those times. As I struggled to get my key from the lock Sunny was waiting outside our front door

“Summer, I’m not being funny but you need to hurry up because I am WETTING MYSELF” she yelled at me.

I got my key out the door and ran to our front door and opened it, Sunny ran past me and started running up the stairs to the bathroom. From my place behind her on the stairs I could see that she was full on wetting herself, not little leaks, not long spurts but uncontrollably peeing in her jeans (and on our carpet). She ran up the stairs and quickly disappeared into the bathroom. After a minute I heard her voice from the barely closed bathroom door.

“Summer?”

“Yeah?”

“Can you get me my pjs?”

Instead of answering opened the door to the bathroom and saw her sat down on the toilet with her jeans still on with a puddle in front of the toilet, she couldn’t even get her jeans off before completely emptying her bladder!

“Didn’t make it?” I asked laughing

“Oh no, I made it and then decided to pee again but in my jeans this time” she replied sarcastically, but very good natured, she was never one to take her accidents too seriously and laughed it off

I got her pjs, she changed and we went our separate ways to bed, after she cleaned her piss off the floor and stairs! We still laugh about this and her other accidents to this day!

Hope you enjoyed this story! I’m not too confident in my writing abilities so please feel free to leave feedback! If you did enjoy this story I have plenty more from Sunny and her weak bladder (including a bed wetting I caused lol)

Summer

