Morning desperation and garden wet... the bathroom was occupied!

Author: ek197531

*000*2018-01-21 17:13

My boyfriend lives in a two bedroom house which he shares with his housemate. I often stay over theirs, and his housemate will sometimes have his girlfriend over as well. There is only one bathroom, the housemate likes to spend an hour or so in there each morning, and this can lead to... issues. I usually wake up badly needing to pee but have always been able to hold it. My boyfriend on the other hand frequently has to relieve himself in the garden.

One morning a few weeks ago I just couldn't hold it. I woke up, as normal, with a rock hard bladder and an urgent need to pee. I rolled out of bed and pulled on my dressing gown (we usually sleep naked) and stumbled, bleary eyed, down the stairs. Of course, my boyfriends housemate was in the toilet. God knows how long he'd be in there or would be in there. I frowned in a mix of frustration and anxiety, and pressed my legs together, dancing on the spot for a bit while I tried to decide what to do.

Fuck this, I'm too tired to wait in the lounge, I'll just go back to bed and sleep a bit longer. Hopefully he'll be done by the time I wake up again.

So I crawled back into bed and tried to go back to sleep. Except, the more I tried, the more I kept tossing and turning. The only thing I could think about was how much my bladder ached, and how much I wanted the sweet release of letting go. I clenched my thighs together and tried to find the most comfortable position, all the while listening out for times my boyfriends housemate might be done.

I think about twenty minutes passed and I just started to doze off, when I started to feel full on spasms in my belly. As I moved my leg to roll over, I the tiniest trickle of pee escape. I panicked. My boyfriend doesnt know about my kink and I didnt think he'd appreciate pee in his bed, so I shot up, pulled the dressing gown back on and dashed back down the stairs, fighting to hold back the explosion.

As I reached the bottom of the stairs, I froze as I felt my bladder give again, and a stream of pee spurted out from between my legs, spattering directly down onto the carpet. I doubled up, grabbing between my legs managing to quickly regain control. At this point it was obvious there was nothing else for it - there was about five meters between me and the back door and it was my only option. Taking a deep breath, I straightened up, and bolted, grabbing the key on the way.

As I reached the door, I shoved the key into the lock and begun to twist it. The locks a bit old and stiff, so sometimes it takes a few tries to open. I didn't have a few tries. I was clenching my muscles so hard that every part of me was trembling and my pussy was throbbing, and still little droplets of pee were escaping and rolling down my legs.

Finally, the door swung open. I dashed out and looked for somewhere to squat. The garden is all concrete and for some reason I didn't want to leave a massive puddle on the concrete which would likely dry and smell nasty. Fortunately, the last tenants left behind one of those wooden raised flower beds, still packed with soil and overgrowing with some sort of plant.

Thinking quickly, I hitched up the dressing gown and squatted over the raised bedding. I've never been in this sort of situation before so despite my desperacy it was difficult for my brain to allow me to release. I kept worrying about the neighbours seeing me. After a few seconds though it came, spurting from me with more force than I've ever peed before, in a single powerful stream, splashing in the soil. The relief I felt was so great, it almost brought me to orgasm there and then. I peed for a while, and once the relief wore off, it occurred to me how hot this situation was. I got curious and looked down, admiring the strong steady flow. I had completely saturated the soil, as there was a puddle laying on top of it, and I was nowhere near done. As I kept going, the puddle actually begun to overflow the edge of the raised flower bed, and a puddle begun to form on the concrete below. I had to spread my feet a bit wider to avoid standing in it!

Needless to say by the time my bladder was empty I was completely turned on. I went back inside and locked the door. My boyfriends housemate was still in the bathroom. He would never know. As I climbed back into bed, my boyfriend was also still asleep - in fact he'd slept through the whole thing. So I rolled over and brought myself to orgasm, before finally going back to sleep!

