Anybody else just love swimming?

Author: April Nine

*000*2022-03-02 03:29

Because I sure do! I just went back to the pool for the first time since summer and was reminded why I love this place!

Today, I walked into the pool with a large 2L waterbottle in hand and got my usual session of workouts in. What I love about swimming as a sport is that its self paced which is why its also great for omo since I can just take a swing of water everytime I want. After about 1 and a halfish, my bladder was bulging visibly in my swimsuit and my bottle was empty. I tried to fit in another 50m breaststroke but the constant opening in my legs made me want to constantly grab myself so I stopped midway and got up into the relaxation area.

It was a really small enclosed area with waterjets to relax but literally nobody comes to this area because I swear everybody that I've seen come to this pool area retired people chilling in the hot-tub or little kids in a small play area made for kids lessons. So I get to sit here, squirming around without the fear of ever getting seen. This is always my routine. Sometimes, like today, when I feel like giving myself a nudge, I'll go back and swim a lap or something which makes my bladder so much worse. I was probably relaxing being desperate for maybe half an hour when I decided to kick it up a couple notches. I did a 200IM sprint with a full achy bladder. IM involves doing backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly, and freestyle in one go, 200 would mean I do 50m of each. It was so hard trying to swim the strokes until it got to freestyle and I kinda forgot about it for 2 seconds.

When I finished, I came out of the water at the end and looked up to see I think 3 or 4 kids standing around. I looked at the time and suddenly noticed it was 5 pm, about time for swimming lessons to start. Before, I usually planned my visit way earlier or way later out of the bare minimum courtesy of not wetting/hogging the lockerooms as a bucketload of 8 year old kids walked in but having been such a while I kind of forgot about it. I jumped out of the pool to walk back to the relax area to wait out the kids but the cold stream of air suddenly pushed me towards leaking point. Not wanting to grab myself in front of the kids, I quickly stood next to the drain and tried to hold it with tightly crossed legs as I pretended to judge my googles. Luckily, I managed to stop but not wanting to do anything infront of these kids, I grabbed my bag as fast as possible.

As I was about to open the lockeroom doors, a crowd of girls opened the door instead, streaming out of the narrow door. A sweep of cold air hit my wet (with water) body and I began to shiver. I casually covered my hand holding onto my crotch with my towel. As the last girl walked out, I burst inside, leaving a trail of "water" behind. My towel was already soaking from "water" as well. The private shower room I always let go before was locked, probably from the kids, so I burst out into the lobby where the bathroom was located. (This wasn't that big of a pool, there was only 1 private shower room with no public shower, 4 stall lockers and a staff and 2 unisex bathrooms)

I found one locked and another occupied, but with no cover of my lengthy jacket nor the privacy of a full bathroom, I was too embarrassed to stay as I began to feel another wave burst through my towel. I ran back into the locker room and ran into an empty stall where I was forced to pee by my bladder before I could even close the door. I collapsed onto the benches as pee soaked it the stall room.

This was a lot more intense than I was looking for that day, but I can't say I was entirely displeased. As COVID hopefully lightens up, I'm looking forward to frequenting! Maybe without meeting the kids next time though...

P.S Don't worry I later got the janitorial cleaning supplies from the bathroom to clean up after myself.

