A story from a while back

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-12-31 14:49

Hi all,

Most of my stories follow the same pattern at the moment! Going in the morning before uni and then getting there and not going until I get home which involves a walk and a train journey both ways. In this story I was wearing black jeans and a grey xmas jumper, white and purple nike trainers.

On the last week of term I had tonsillitis yet again, so I only made it in for the Friday, as I wanted to see my old housemate from earlier stories. I was gonna try and do the full 6 hours of the day but I made it the first two lessons and wanted to go back to bed, so I had lunch with my friend and then went back. I left the house at about 9:15 am and got the 12:40 train back. Now I kinda needed to go when I was having lunch, but chose to ignore it as I could go on/before the train, but all I wanted to do was go to sleep.

I got on the train as it was already there when I got there, waiting, and slumped down, being ill with tonsillitis for the 5th time in a year. I needed to pee but felt way to tired to go, so just held on as I'd done this journey many times and had always managed it easily. There was a bus I could catch home as I thought I might collapse walking home. Yeah, stupid really to go in to uni but oh well, I got off at my stop and there was a bunch of school aged kids who'd finished on a half day and I was rushing to get to the bus stop, feeling like death, and with a pounding bladder.

I got to the stop and my bus got there not long after, and I got on. I was really quite desperate now and struggling, squeezing tight but I knew it would be less than 10 minutes until I got in. My stop came so I got off, then I had to get down my super steep hill to the house. I was dying to go by now, I had to keep muttering that I could make it, something I find myself doing quite often after developing this habit! I was also grabbing and pulling at my jeans near my thigh.

I got home and the porch was full of amazon deliveries. I closed the front door and absolutely squeezed my legs together and held on with both hands until I could carefully get my keys out and unlock the door. I tried to gather up the parcels but gave up on that, and hopped about as I kicked my shoes off and raced upstairs.

I got in the loo, closed the door, turned round and... one big spasm just meant I lost control, and began peeing full force into my clothes. I fought to stop it as I undid my jeans but it didn't stop. A few seconds of damage mostly to my underwear.

I then sorted out the parcels, took my clothes off and went to bed!

I have a few more to share!

Thanks for reading

EQ

