Drinks after work and a bursting bus ride (female desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2018-05-23 21:57

This is a true story told to me recently by a friend of mine, a very attractive paralegal working for a law firm in the centre of a large city in the UK. A couple of weeks ago she went for a few drinks straight after work with some of her colleagues, to celebrate the end of the financial year. They left the office around 5pm and walked to a nearby bar, where she had a couple of glasses of wine.

She had also been invited to birthday drinks by friends in a small town a few miles outside of the city, so she left the bar around 6pm and walked to the nearby bus stop, where she could catch a bus straight to the town. By this point she was already a bit tipsy from the wine and also aware that she really needed a wee. She had not used the loo at all in the bar because she didn't want to break her seal, and as she has a strong bladder she was confident that she could easily hold on for the bus journey. She still had a couple of minutes to wait for the bus to arrive, and she crossed her legs as she waited.

When the bus pulled up to the bus stop at around 6.15pm, she got on and took a seat, immediately crossing her legs together tightly. She had never taken this bus route before, but she didn't think that it would take very long to get to her stop, maybe 30 minutes at the most. Although she needed a wee pretty badly now, if she kept her legs crossed she knew that she could hold on until she got to the next bar to meet her friends. The problem was, the Friday evening rush hour was in full flow and the traffic in the city centre was terrible. She had also severely underestimated how long the route would take. By 7pm, she wasn't even halfway to her stop, and by now she was really desperate for a wee and regretting not popping to the loo before leaving the bar. She was still sitting with her legs crossed, even tighter now, and wished that the bus would stop vibrating. She wiggled a bit in her seat as she squeezed her legs more tightly together. She really needed to go.

7.15pm. She had no idea when this bus would reach her stop, and now she was having to clamp her legs firmly together. She sighed and bit her lip, God this is torture, she thought to herself, as the bus hit yet another set of traffic lights. All the wine she had drunk at the bar seemed to be going straight to her bladder, and she wished more than ever that she had gone for a wee before leaving the bar to catch the bus.

7.30pm. She knew that by now she must be close to her stop but wasn't sure exactly how long she still had left to wait. It had now been over an hour and a half since she left the bar and she was absolutely dyinggg for a wee. She could hardly sit still by now, constantly fidgeting in her seat and she was glad that nobody was sitting next to her. She moaned softly under her breath as she uncrossed her legs and recrossed them the other way for what felt like the hundredth time, trying to squeeze her thighs more tightly together. She knew that once she'd finally reached her stop, she still had to walk to the bar where she was meeting her friends. She hoped that she could keep her legs crossed just a little bit longer until she finally reached a loo. Every small delay and every red light was teasing her, adding precious minutes onto her journey when all she wanted to do was finally have the wee that she desperately needed.

7.45pm. Finally, the bus reached her stop and she almost tripped over in her haste to get off. She had been so distracted by her very full bladder, so preoccupied with keeping her legs crossed and her thighs pressed tightly together, that she had almost missed the stop completely! She set off on her short walk to the bar, willing herself to hold on just a few more minutes. Once she finally got there, she knew that she would have to run straight to the toilet. She was so close to wetting herself, she'd been waiting for so long and now she was desperately trying to hold just a little bit longer, walking as quickly as she dared while trying not to soak her tights and skirt with wee.

7.50pm. FINALLY, she made it to the bar. God, I need to go she thought, heading straight for the loo. She was so desperate. It had been almost two hours since she left the bar in the city centre needing a wee, and she didn't want to waste another second. Thankfully, there wasn't a queue, and she rushed into the toilets and had one of the best wees of her life! She sighed with relief. 'That was soooo good' she thought to herself as she left the toilets and went to join her friends

*008*2018-05-26 23:32

{{On 5/24/2018 at 4:56 PM, Uniee said:

Long time live thread followers might remember the night I was posting... utterly desperate on the bus... filled my knickers with leaks, and soaked my tights when I got off

}}

I would love to have been sat next to you on that journey!

{{On 5/24/2018 at 2:55 AM, desp-fan2013 said:

Always wondered how often situations such as this happen in real life, I imagine quite a bit more often than we hear about. To only be in the right place at the right time so to say. You are lucky to know someone that is willing to share their experiences, and thank you for passing it along.

I look forward to your future posts...............

}}

Fairly often I think, I’ve seen quite a bit of desperation on buses and at bus stops, mostly during evening rush hour or on Friday and Saturday nights when people have had a few drinks.

*010*2018-06-05 15:03

{{On 6/3/2018 at 3:01 PM, Bf1fan said:

Great story, any chance you know what she was wearing?

}}

Dress, black tights and boots I think.

*012*2018-06-22 09:12

{{On 6/7/2018 at 2:14 AM, Bf1fan said:

Like ankle boots or knee boots

I love desperation and peeing in boots, more than anything else.

}}

She was wearing Black knee boots, very hot.

