Accident in school

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-11-24 11:01

I was in school and i was taking a difficult math test in class, and I ask the teacher if I can use the bathroom and she said no. My bladder was so full that I started to cry and hold my self as hard as I could. I eventually couldn't hold my pee and my bladder gave up and the pee squeezed out but I was squeezing my penis so hard with my hand the pee didnt come out. The only thing from me having an accident and humiliating myself was me squeezing my penis so my pee dont come out. My bladder contracted so hard that i felt a few drips go in my pants. I had A tight grip on my penis so the pee wont come out, my bladder went numb and gave up. I started crying a lot and beg the teacher to let me go to the bathroom but she said no. I begged and told her I cant hold my pee anymore and she said no again then closed the class door.

My hand started to get tired and lose grip .. the pee started to leak into my pants. I started to cry alot more because I couldn't stop the pee. My hand got to tired to hold my penis with my hand that the pee came out and I started to pee in my pants. The pee started to fill up my chair and make a puddle on the ground. When my bladder was empty I kept crying because I embarrassed myself in school and I was forced to. have any of you been forced to wet yourself in school?

*005*2017-12-07 10:41

@BENAir01

@realferdicted

I know a lot of my stories are similar. I was born with a bladder that is undersized and because of that I peed myself and wet the bed a lot when I was younger. When my bladder is full and losing control my eyes water up a lot and I cry not afraid to admit it. 90% of the accidents I had where at school when I was young, I was the person who peed himself in school which was humuliating

