Small accident at the thrift store

Author: coloradowet

*000*2020-01-26 14:26

I like to go out to the local thrift stores from time to time, never know what you can find. Ive found some true treasures over the years including lovely outfits to pee in.

On this occasion I was wearing my black Jnco jeans with a pair of women's shape wear underneath. The kind that ride up pretty high past waist. I always find it daring to wear these when I am out because I know in order to release my bladder I have to drop my pants in order pull out my "tool" box.

I had noticed this morning, I was having constant urges to pee and had probably gone 5-6 times since I had woken up and was still well hydrated. The first two I go to have private restrooms but this time I didn't have much urgency by the time I was done thrifting so I went to the grocery store to pick a few things up. By the time I got to the store though I had to go pretty bad. Not a emergency by any means, but the pressure was building. Grocery shopping had taken a little longer than I had thought and was heading towards the bathroom because I had one more thrift shop to stop at and didn't want my bladder to rush me. As I was walking to the bathroom though, I had remembered I had my shapewear on and this one was not a private bathroom and someone had just walked in and wasn't about to drop trow to pee.

I figure it still wasn't too bad and being desperate was thrilling and that I could check out, hit the next thrift store and make it home just fine.

Boy was I wrong.

This particular thrift store does not have a restroom and by the time I got their; my bladder was becoming very anxious. I was enjoying the thrill of being on the verge of peeing myself in public and had found some really nice things. I knew I had to get going and buy my treasures and get out of their before I wet my pants. I went to the check out line and to my dismay, the lady checking me out was new and needed help with the system. I could feel my body spasaming and with the shape wear on it was impossible to hold myself without being too noticeable. I was behind the counter and needed to act fast, I really didn't want to wet myself and make a mess in front of everybody.

I was noticeably flustered and moving around but didn't care at this point. By the time she gave me my total I could feel some warm spurts dampening my crotch. I only had a card so I knew I was in trouble as this was going to take another minute. When she had given my card back and the receipt to sign, I was gushing in my pants. I was doing everything I could not to pee every wear while still being polite. I could feel it running down my legs while I squeezed them together to try to stem of the flow. Thank god their was no-body behind me because it would have been seen trailing down my legs. I grabbed my things and took off quickly. Luckily, I was able to get out of the store before making a mess. I would have felt really bad about that.

I B-lined it to my car and jumped in quick all the while piss is still coming out of me. I have a pee-pod on my seat for such emergencies. I sat down and just felt the warmth blossom from my crotch and pool under my butt. It felt soooo good! I was finally able to stop the flow and collect myself in order to get home. It was a thrill, a unplanned accident in public and I got away with it!

*005*2020-04-26 13:31

{{16 hours ago, MM68063 said:

What's a pee pod? sounds interesting

}}

Their essentially a extra absorbent towel with a waterproof lining, Their a little pricey but they do their job very well and easy to clean. Im sure you could google them and find their page.

*011*2020-04-28 22:48

{{On 4/27/2020 at 12:39 PM, Lils said:

Great experience! Do you plan on repeating or staging more of these now that you've done it once?

}}

Glad you liked it, not my first though, and definably not my last

{{On 4/25/2020 at 1:41 PM, nerdy princess said:

I really like this story. Anytime I feel like reading, I always find this one. It's exciting and really hot. Sorry I've never commented before, but thanks for sharing it.

I really like this story. Anytime I feel like reading, I always find this one. It's exciting and really hot. Sorry I've never commented before, but thanks for sharing it.

}}

Thanks for the positive comments my Omo "pee"ps. Ill write up some more of my experiences when the "torrents" of inspiration hit!

