Paintball

Author: Alex Cubed

*000*2019-02-19 18:22

This is another one from my friend. Posted with permission, told from his point of view.

###

(I absolutely like hate pissing in public bathrooms. Dunno if it's anxiety or shyness, or what, but I pretty well can't even use urinals, gotta wait for a stall to even go in a public bathroom, just for some background.)

I would've been about 14 at the time.

I used to do paintball summer camp thing, where we'd mostly be inside doing reball (basically just paintball but rubber, reusable balls instead of paint filled ones). However, some days, we'd go outside and play real paintball. On one such day, I had came loaded with like 4 of those super tall gatorade bottles with the twist-nozzle at the top, since it was probably 30+ Celsius out and super sunny, and I didn't want to get dehydrated. We were only out for a few hours so for most people, going to the bathroom wasn't an issue.

But, on such a warm day, I was drinking quite a bit, and ended up really needing to go. Maybe 2 of the bottles in, and I had to go enough that I tried to just go a little ways away from the field, where we were told to go if we really needed to.

But, again, public stuff is a no no, so I can't. So I suck it up, decide I'll just play on and ignore it. Of course I keep drinking, too, and by the time we were going back inside to the nice, cool, air conditioned building with real bathrooms, I had long since finished all 4 of my bottles of gatorade, and good god did I need to take a leak. On the walk back to the building I was literally hunched over because if I stood up straight, I thought I was just gonna compress my bladder enough to force some piss out from how full I felt.

Eventually we get back, I somehow survive, and run into the bathroom. Except, it was a small bathroom with just one stall and maybe 2 urinals, so a bit of a line ended up forming as soon as I went in. And I just couldn't get anything coming out.

So, I try for a minute or two and give up, flush, let some other people go through while I'm still hunched over from needing to go so bad, and once everyone else is done and I have the bathroom to myself I go back in and can finally let it all out, and good fucking god was that ever the most satisfying piss of my life.

*004*2019-02-21 05:02

{{On 2/19/2019 at 4:41 PM, Redder12 said:

Very good and well written, does he tell you about them or does he write them for you?

}}

He mostly writes them, like 97%. I do some minor editing to remove or change details. Formatting. A bit of sentence restructuring. I try to keep it as intact as possible while making it just a bit easier to read.

He is also happy with the positive replies.

