Wetting With Girlfriend

Author: TightWetter

*000*2018-05-07 01:49

Hello. I have been lurking on this site for a while and just decided to create an account today. I'm a 19 year old straight male. I prefer to wet in skinny jeans and tighter pants. This story is part of the reason why I'm making this account today. I want to start telling more stories and get involved in this community.

This story takes place a couple weeks ago. I was hanging out with my girlfriend and we decided to go to McDonalds. A very fancy date. I was wearing dark blue skinny jeans.(This is important later). When we got to the McDonalds ordered our food. If you have ever been to McDonalds, you know that all the cup sizes are 1 dollar each. Because of this, I always get the large. We ate our food and I drank all of my soda. We sat there for about ten minutes until we decided to leave. After this we went across the street to Walgreens to get something. Walgreens didn't have what we were looking for so we walk through the isles for a couple minutes.

At this point the large coke started to kick in. I had to pee but not that bad. Always being cautious I asked my girlfriend if we could go back to McDonalds to use the bathroom but she said it would be a waste of time and told me to hold it. Not wanting to upset my girlfriend and not having to go so bad I decided to just hold it. We were about a half mile away from my girlfriends house when it started to get bad. I didn't tell my girlfriend because I really did think I would make it and I didn't want to seem annoying. Then it started getting really bad. Its like all the coke just went to my bladder in seconds. We were only a couple blocks away from my girlfriends house when I started telling her that I didn't think I was going to make it.

She acted kind of surprised but didn't think much of it. We were only a block away when I couldn't hold it anymore. I thought of running to her house but I knew that I would end up peeing while I ran so I kept walking. It was too much and I have a really small bladder so It just started coming out. The pee went down my leg and soaked my jeans. It created a really good wet sot and puddle. At first my girlfriend when shocked but then started laughing we went inside and I took a shower and she washed my jeans. I wasn't embarrassed because I feel very comfortable around my girlfriend and she is always cool with everything.

I am planning on posting more stories soon. I hope you enjoyed!

