Wet the bed in desperation after a day of doing holds

Author: Solstice

*000*2017-12-13 15:00

Yesterday I did two long holds and wettings, and my bladder was strained and tired so I was having a lot of short desperate pees for the rest of the day afterwards.

I peed right before bed just to be safe, but woke up early anyways to find myself desperate and about to burst any second. I've never wet the bed, in fact I don't even recall the last time I did it as a kid, but as I came to my senses still half asleep I realized I had to go so badly that getting out of bed would probably make me lose it, nevermind actually making it to the toilet in the bathroom. My mind immediately drifted to the temptation of just letting it go right there, but I didn't think it was a good idea because I feared the cleanup of the mattress.

My aching bladder, however, must have thought my idea was fine because as I laid there holding myself thinking "no, I can't do that" my body decided that yes, I could.

A forceful torrent of pee erupted out of me at once, not bothering with any little spurts or leaks leading up to the total loss of control. I was laying on my stomach in the middle of the bed when it happened and could feel the warm pee pooling around my crotch and stomach as it sprayed through my underwear and into my sheets and mattress.

I couldn't stop until I was empty and by the time I was there was a big puddle underneath me and I had not only soaked my underwear but peed all over the bottom of my shirt too. Now I'm washing my sheets and my bladder is already filling again.

*002*2017-12-14 04:01

{{4 hours ago, asudevil said:

Wow, what a great morning

}}

Cleaning the mattress wasn't so great but the wetting itself was amazing, I never had an accident like that where the pee came out on it's own without realizing it was about to happen. It's probably a good thing I did it laying on my stomach and not my back because I was peeing so hard I might have sprinkled halfway across the room if the mattress wasn't there to absorb the stream!

