Monday Night Football Wetting

Author: McLovin1

*000*2018-11-06 04:19

Just another night, watching the Cowboys play Monday Night Football. Right before kickoff I noticed I needed to pee. At first I thought about going at halftime. It wouldn't remain that easy.

In the middle of the first quarter, my need jumped up between a 7 and 8. Just generally discomfort to me. This is about the point I began to plan a wetting.

Fast forward to the second quarter, I made myself not grab myself to avoid making it easier to hold. At this point, i was fully commited to some sort of wetting. Unfortunately, I did not know what to wet in, and my need jumped to a 9. My full bladder put me through even more discomfort.

By halftime, I was as desperate as ever in my life. Now at a 9.5, my body was beginning to plan on when to let go. I was seconds from peeing myself, and have not decided what to wet in yet still.

I finally found an old pair of jeans after I had to abandon two pair of jeans when my parents were about to move everything around. By this point, my bladder just randomly contracted . I have never gotten to this point of desperation, and knew I didn't have much time left. Before I put on the clothes, I was just standing there nude in my room grabbing my crotch, bobbing up and down in an attempt to make it just a little longer. I almost thought about just peeing on the floor, but I knew the mess would be way worse.

For 5 minutes my need to pee decreased enough to put on my cotton briefs, they were some Nightmare Before Christmas and were Gray and green. Right when I was trying to set my phone up, my bladder weakened again. Somehow I held on and made it through it.

Right before I started recording, my bladder contracted again, and caused a big leak. It didn't lead to any relief, and seconds later I let out a huge gasp as I couldn't hang on any longer. My pee was off to the races. It went down to my feet within five seconds, with tons of pee just seeping out of my jeans. Overall, this was a massive relief. I just stood there and peed for one whole minute straight, exhaling a lot. I find it super attractive to just pee for long periods of time, thinking about how long it will last.

By the time I finished, I had a huge puddle beneath me that soaked almost an entire towel fully spread out. I had never lost control like I had just did. The way this happened, it felt more like an accident than previous planned settings of the past, which had never happened since kindergarten. Tonight, there was nothing embarrassing about peeing my pants.

Since I got new dressers in my room, I haven't decided where to put the soaked jeans. As for the wet briefs, I just kept them on and typed this up and watched some football. Honestly, cool, damp underwear actually feels pretty nice.

Here's some pictures of the pants, and a video of me losing control like I'm 5, enjoy.

20181105_215602.mp4

*005*2018-11-06 22:03

Wet myself exactly when the Cowboys ended their season basically.

