Wet myself playing Overwatch

Author: Themaster258

*000*2017-12-10 01:10

I had a nice breakfast, more tea than usual. The front door closed, not to be opened again till late afternoon.

Finally I was alone. Just me, some water and a self imposed challenge for my bladder.

The challenge was to drink a glass of water every time an Overwatch match ended, or a smaller glass every round in KOTH-maps. If I won the match I would’ve to drink a glass of iced tea instead of water. I was not allowed to use the bathroom until I managed to climb back to Platinum rank from Gold. It was a beatable challenge and I felt confident that I would make it before I wet myself.

I was wearing my favourite wetting pyjama pants, made of black cotton and a bit thicker than the other.

Illios, the first match was loading. I leaned back in my black leather chair and quickly downed the first glass of water.

The matches kept going and the water kept flowing. But for the first time in this challenge I started to notice a slight need to pee. There was no time to worry about my bladder, I had games to win!

One particularly long match later I was squirming around in my seat already. Did I overestimate my holding ability that much?

I kept telling myself that it was fine, there were only about, well, a lot of matches to go. I shooed away my doubts and focused on the upcoming game.

When the games got intense I forgot about my need to pee. It was the unbelievably slow timer on the killcam or the preparation phase that really kept me on edge. Everytime that I would take my hands of my keyboard and lean back in my chair. My bladder knew that I would pay attention to it now and it fought to keep that attention with all it’s might.

After a few more matches the sharp spikes of desperation were substituted by a dull, throbbing pain. I knew that I was nearly at my limit. Ignoring the sudden spikes was easy enough if I didn’t focus on them, but the dull sensation of a small lake residing in my lower abdomen was extremely irritating.

I started the next match. The timer was ticking and I tried to limit any movements that I made on my chair as to not increase the pressure. Instead of spamming emotes in the spawnroom I moved my hand to touch my aching bladder.

Lifting my shirt it wasn’t visible, but even the slightest pressure of my hand was enough to send a shiver up my spine.

The crosshair on my screen made erratic movements. I couldn’t stop my hands from shaking. My game awareness was starting to get sloppy, nearly every part of me was focused on keeping that lake inside me contained.

As the round ended I poured a new glass of water. I turned up my music to block out the sound of water happily splashing inside the glass. Not daring to look at the water any longer I downed it in one go.

Suddenly the game got very intense, the point was changing ownership every other second.

80%, the red team was in the lead defending the small room like a well oiled machine. Our shots were doing nothing against their tanks, rockets flew in both directions. I ducked and weaved, fired back just trying to find any opening in their defenses.

A concussive blast knocked my team in every direction. As I fell far of the side of the map, I noticed something. I was playing Pharah so I was just happily flying back up, but they didn’t notice me at all.

This would be it. I would decide the game with a sneaky use of my ultimate ability.

I crashed in the room, unleashing a devastating barrage of rockets in the enemies direction.

JUSTICE RAINS.. ughh. No! I shouted at my PC. I had missed their sniper on the outside, she had a perfect shot on me.

I threw an angry rant in her general direction as we lost the second round. The battle was chaotic and I was pumped up. It was then that I re-noticed the thing I forgot about. My hands reached down to confirm a warm and wet sensation. There was a wet patch with roughly the size of my hand on my thigh.

Surprised I stared at the wet patch. I didn’t even notice that I leaked a little.

It all came back with a rapid crash of pain and an intense thought of just letting go right now.

I threw myself back into my chair, my hands desperately trying to help my tired bladder muscles.

The next round started already, I had to force my hands back to my keyboard. The vicious waves of desperation suddenly went quiet. I felt another hot spurt covering my thigh, slowly spreading around on the inside. While my mind and hands were fighting the red team, my body desperately fought another losing battle. I managed to regain control after another spurt of pee. Using the time that I was dead ingame I quickly readjusted myself down there, pointing it in a more upwards position.

I clung to every last bit of muscle power that I had to keep the raging torrents from escaping, even if it’s for just a few more seconds. I quickly made up a new rule that allowed me to go to the bathroom if we should win this match. And I would definitely win. The capturing process was at 50%, just a little while longer. I was somehow managing to win at both fronts. Again the dull waves of pain from my bladder started to become less powerful. I crossed my legs with all my might, just a little more!

The enemies took the point from us again. But just for a short while.

90% progress. My bladder was at about 101% progress. The pain was replaced with an incredibly feeling of fullness that I never felt before. Peeking above a wall I saw the enemy approaching. They just had to touch the point to prolong the match even longer. I wouldn't last any longer and I knew that.

I used my booster to catapult myself high above the wall. Noone would keep me away from my bathroom. I leaned just a little bit forwards, accidently increasing the pressure on my bladder.

It was too much for my poor muscles, I felt them twitching and being involuntarily released. I would go out with a bang I decided in this fateful seconds. I aimed my crosshair in the enemies direction and pressed the button for my ultimate.

Justice rained down, not only in the game. I took my hands of the keyboard, leaning back in my chair. Hot liquid gushed out of me like a firehose. It just kept going and going and going, soaking my pyjamas, pooling on my leather seat.

I felt like I was paralysed, unable to move anything. I could just stare in awe as I peed. The wave of relief hit me with seconds of delay. Blankly staring in ecstasy I couldn’t have stopped peeing even if I wanted to. It just kept pouring out of me like a faulty faucet. I leaned back further, allowing more of it to pool under me. After what felt like minutes it stopped.

I still sat there in a hot puddle, staring at my screen.

Victory, it read in brilliant gold letters.

Wow, that was one heck of a hold and wetting that I will never forget. I think that I beat any of my previous holding volumes. This was by far the most intense pee I ever took, it just kept going, there was no end. Although the clean-up was a bit more than usual. Normally its just my pants that get wet, not a whole goddamn lake on the floor.

And no I didn't reach platinum in the end. So I get to do this again some time.

