Any particularly enjoyable diaper wetting stories?

Author: d418

*000*2020-01-03 23:56

Does anyone have any particularly memorable stories about wetting in a diaper?

A few times, I have gone on long distance walks (10 miles or more) wearing adult diapers, with the intention of wetting in them. I have also cycled in them. Here are a few highlights which stick in my mind:

Walking towards a bush, as if to pee behind it, but wetting in brief spurts as I walked. Standing looking out to sea and wetting myself, as another walker went past me. Going into a beach cafe already wet, drinking tea, then wetting some more just after leaving the place. Walking across a field, stopping a few times on the way to do a quick squirt in my diaper. Getting off my bike at the side of a road in France and emptying my bladder fully into my diaper (it was raining heavily, so I could probably have got away with doing that in my cycling shorts). There was one other occasion when I chickened out and peed against a wall. 

I had gone out for a walk along a canal, taking a bus ride to get to the start of the walk. However, the length of the bus ride was such that I was really bursting, when I got off. Although I was not too concerned about wetting accidentally a little, and even relaxed my control so that I was barely stopping it, I finally decided that my bladder was too full, and that the diaper wouldn’t hold it all. I stopped under a bridge and peed against a wall, and managed to release most of what I had, but then some cyclists were coming along so I had to stop. This meant continuing my walk with a partially-full bladder, so I did manage to do a less risky wetting.

