Felt a little naughty today an live blogged my hold

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2021-03-29 20:19

Tag says female, but I am non-binary.

As the folks that follow me know, I decided to live blog about my hold today at university.

This morning I got up, peed, and made myself a big cup of tea as well as a bowl of cereal with milk. I hurried to my first class, and then sat through the next one. I was already starting to feel the tea working into my bladder, but I felt like having fun.

I ordered a venti dragon drink from Starbucks and then ate sushi for lunch. By the time I had finished the meal and the cold drink, I knew I could either go to the bathroom now or go in for a serious hold. I posted my first update before class. I had been holding for about 4 hours at this point.

By the end of class I was at a 7/10, squirming and squeezing my legs together. I took a longing look at the bathrooms before deciding to soldier on. It was either a 1.5 mile walk home, or I could catch the bus. I decided to walk home rather than risk leaking on the bus where I would be in public.

I dallied, considering whether I should buy another drink on campus. It was hard to tell what made me hornier, the thought of getting a beverage now and definitely not making it home or the thought of stopping at a gas station after I had walked a mile, knowing full well I'd be potty dancing. Finally I decided to keep walking and try to reach the gas station dry.

The hardest part of the walk back was crossing this bridge.

The rushing, swollen stream was so tempting. I could easily visualize just wading out into it and letting go.

My first little leak was right after the bridge as I walked over a big hill. I had to stop and hold myself by a light post. Somehow, I regained control and made it to the gas station with no visible spots.

I picked up a caffeinated hydration beverage at the gas station, and made myself drink at least half before continuing to walk. The cold liquid was too much. I started to leak for real.

It was visible, but only if you really looked. However, by the time I reached my house there was pee leaking all down the front of my pants and it was very obvious I was having an accident. I peered through the window into the shared space of my apartment, and to my horror two of my housemates were chilling, watching a movie. I could feel the piss dripping into my sandals by now, there was no way I could make it past them without admitting to the accident.

At this point I walked around back and set my things down. It was clear I wasn't going to make it to the toilet by any stretch, and the leaks were near constant. I really couldn't hold it anymore.

Just as my bladder started to involuntarily release all the way, my neighbor opened his door and his dog barked at me. I squeezed my legs as tight a possible and waved. After an agonizing, shaking, minute he went back inside. I dropped to a squat and immediately poured urine. It went down both legs, into my shoes, even up my butt a little as my underwear absorbed. I couldn't help but moan a little at the release. As the rush turned into a trickle I realized that I had meant to film. It was a little late at this point. I took a video of the last couple drops, though, you'll just have to imagine the rest.

VID_20210329_134911938.mp4

VID_20210329_134707117.mp4

VID_20210329_134911938.mp4

