My Desperation tonight at work (with pics and vid link)

Author: Afu14567

*000*2021-03-18 06:00

I had a very close call while working my shift on the ambulance tonight! We had been sent to post on the side of the highway. It had been several hours since I had relieved my bladder and was beginning to get very desperate.

I was sitting in the front passenger seat with my partner driving. My bladder started to fill rapidly and is weaker than usual due to several holds I have done this week. My bladder started to spasm rather quickly and I had be discreet and not just grab myself! I was able to prop one knee on the dash of the unit and let my hand rest in my crotch pressing my dick into my leg! This helped until we started to move again. We were called back to the station and it was a 20 minute ride. Every bump made my bladder feel like it was going to explode!

I felt my breathing increasing and it was everything that I could do to be still so she wouldn't notice me! The movement of the unit and my desperation caused me to get hard. This helped me from leaking for a few minutes. Suddenly we hit a big bump that jolted the unit! I felt a spurt of pee soak the back of my hand! It was so hard to stop but it felt so good at the same time! It was dark in to unit so I knew she wouldn't notice! I'm now moving my leg slightly in rhythm to the music trying to put more pressure on my dick. Its helping me but being so turn on from the entire situation had me on edge of losing control of everything.

Finally I can see the station appoaching and another wave hits my bladder! I felt another spurt shoot out but quickly stop it! Now, I am unsure if I will even be able to stand up without losing control to get in the station to the shower room. As we pull up i grab my raincoat to put in from of me to hide my wet spot. As I stand up the pressure causees a 3 second burst of pee to escape! I have to stop where I am to regain control. I immediately make a beeline for the shower room and make it unnoticed. The wet spot on my pants is massive and at this point I'm so turned on by the situation that I can't help but stroke myself. I get in the shower and stroke myself as I release my bladder completely. My pee was spraying everywhere and all over me! After I finished, I came so quickly and so hard! The release felt amazing!

$$

Link contains nudity!

%https://www.erome.com/a/5MhKQipV

*003*2021-03-18 12:01

Yes is was ready to explode! I didn't say anything to her and I don't believe she noticed. She didn't say anything if she did anyway lol.

*005*2021-03-18 17:53

{{35 minutes ago, Calvin1 said:

Great story and video. Obviously the relief was monumental. Wouldn't it be ironic if your partner was just as desperate and beelined it to her bathroom, and both of you peed and orgasmed around the same time without knowing it.

}}

Now I love the way you think!! That theory is very jot and exciting! I did have the thought during everything of her suddenly reaching over and grabbing me, making me lose control!

*007*2021-03-18 20:21

Absolutely!

