How long is too long in an experience story?

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-11-15 18:46

I'm just starting to post on the site and I have a wealth of experiences I want to write about here. Before I get too far, I want to know what peoples opinions are on how much to include in them.

Personally, I prefer long, very detailed, accounts of every aspect of what goes on. I am also naturally very wordy, so what I have written so far is done in this manner. I've read from comments on other stories that there at least some people who like this as well, but I'm very scientific so I want as much data as possible. Maybe there's a bunch of people who immediately click off when they see a long post, so they never bother commenting, for example. I also feel that this could be useful to others new to the site.

Thanks!

*004*2016-11-16 19:17

Thanks guys, that's what I was looking for. I realize this poll may not have been the best way of doing this, but its definitely given me some useful info. If nothing else, I found that everyone seems to like it at least somewhat fleshed out, not just a quick account of the events.

I've got a few I've posted so far, but I haven't received much feedback on my writing style (though in hindsight, I should have asked). I've been writing what came naturally to me, but upon re-reading I started realizing that I definitely needed some work. Practice makes perfect, I guess!

*006*2016-11-18 04:21

Yeah, I am naturally very wordy and was spiraling into "way too much info" territory, which is what prompted this thread. In my mind accounting for the exact times was very important as it gave an idea of how long everything took, but after reading comments on here I removed that info, replacing it with more generic statements when needed, and it flows much better. I was also heavy on backstory, and managed to trim that down to the necessary info as well.

I will say that I've got an experience I'm polishing up right now that's 4,000+ words. The experience was so good it was like a fantasy so it ended up reading like one. I initially embellished a few things, but this afternoon I went back and returned them to 100% accurate and I'm happy to say it's still just as hot.

See, even this ended up wordy! If you ever see a short post from me, there's probably something wrong....

*008*2016-11-18 21:46

Well, I think this will be right up your alley! Its got pretty much exactly what you mentioned, at least as much as possible with its about someone else and you don't want to invent stuff.

Its actually done, but I still need to run through it again one last time. We've got a date night tonight so no electronics, but she is working in the morning so hopefully that will give me enough time to get it finalized.

