Train and Out of Order Toilets

Author: ukryan243

*000*2017-12-14 19:59

Hello Everyone,

I have a great eye witness account of a truly amazing wetting experience my girlfriend Mia had and god was it hot! Mia was 19 and she had medium length long black hair with purple streaks was of an average but curvy build with big breasts. She was wearing a short black dress, a black cardigan and super tight tights.

We went out to a football match together and had a couple of drinks afterwards not enough to get tipsy or drunk just enough to satisfy our needs. The great thing is, my friend Mia has a weak bladder so she can hold a lot but not for very long. Anyway it was an away game , so we had to get the train home a 2 and half hour long journey, she started to say she needed a wee quite badly but she could hold it as there were toilets on the train.

So we boarded the train and had a can of coke each then a glass of water half hour later, soon after drinking them Mia needed a wee very desperately but not potty dance level just yet so she decided to use the trains toilet except both were out of order, what harsh luck..for her (not for me), so she came back and sat opposite me telling me that the toilets were out of order and that she couldn't hold her wee in much longer.

At this point I told her to cross her legs real tight and just try her best to hold it in...half hour later the dam burst and she just pissed and pissed for minutes on end which turned her on but soaked her knickers and tights and the bottom of her dress, it was black so she could hide it.

This turned her on and it turned me on and so when we got back we had some fun together :)

Was a great experience.

