Peed myself in the bus

Author: Soaqueen

*000*2017-04-16 00:58

Hi!

For them who don't know me, I am a french girl, 20 years old, getting married in may.

This happened this week! Enjoy! And again, sorry if I do not write properly...English is not my mother tongue.

Friday, I went to Paris for some shopping in the afternoon. It was hot outside so I kept hydrated before leaving home by drinking a bottle of water.

I left home at about 14h30. At 18h, I was on my way back and I needed to pee since about 30min. I had to take the metro, a train and then a bus before beeing home, so it took about an hour and a half.

In the train, I had to keep my legs crossed, and I couldn't keep still. Hopefully, the person next to me quickly get off of the train so it became more discreet.

It was only 18h20 when I started to hold my crotch. After a few minutes, a spurt escaped. My panties were wet. Then an other spurt came. This one was longer so my pants' crotch became wet too. After a third spurt wetting my bottom, I managed to control my bladder again. But I was quite wet, and I think the seat too...

When I arrived at my station , I tried to hide my bottom with my bag. It was about 18h50, and I had to wait 15 minutes before my bus came. So I looked around to see if I could find a bathroom. But I didn't. So I walked around the station to keep my legs moving to help me hold it.

The bus finally arrived. I went into it, but there were no seat that wasn't occupied. So I had to stand. I couldn't hold my crotch with so much people around me, and I tried to stay still. But then I lost control again, and I felt my pee coming out, soaking my crotch. I managed to stop it before it ran to my knees, but there was a very big wet area on my grey pants.

Fortunately, nobody noticed. I finally managed to get a seat in the back of the bus for the last 20 minutes of the ride. But I knew it was too late when I sat. So I peed myself again, soaking my pants and my seat. It started to fall on the floor, making a small growing puddle. My face turned to red. Thank God, it stopped before the puddle was too big, and there were only 3 persons when I got out of the bus, very embarrassed.

When I arrived at home, I went into my room without being seen by my family. I cpuld change myself and hide my wet clothes before they could see it. I was partly turned on, but also I felt like a little kid doing a big mistake...so I was very embarrassed, but nobody knew about it so I feel good now!

Here is a picture !$$

*006*2017-04-16 14:36

Th puddle was about 25cm. But the seat was very wet, I think it absorbed a lot of pee.

I emptyed all my bladder in the bus, wet for wet...

*007*2017-04-16 17:28

Well...he isn't in omorashi at all. I don't want to tell him because he saw me once after I peed myself, and he said "I hope you're ashamed".

He also is vanilla for most sex stuff.

But I already met a french guy who is onto omorashi. But too old for me! He is 45, and I am only 20.

*011*2017-04-21 07:47

{{17 hours ago, WetG/F said:

Hey nice girl, when I was 43, I had one g/f who was 23......and a few others for short relationships who were all around 20......and when I was 39 I had a long time g/f who was 17.......(she told me she was older) But when I was a younger guy myself.....I was 22 and had a 2 year affair with a married woman who was 44.....I then had a 3 year relationship with a 45 year old woman!! You can see that I don,t think age is important and neither did those girls I knew. Ps all the girls I knew who peed their panties on the bus...it was the school bus.

}}

I'm afraid I just don't want such a relationship. I love my fiancé, and omorashi is nothing facing him.

When I met this 45 guy, it was only friendly.

*014*2017-04-22 22:38

{{6 hours ago, justsomedl said:

But that's part of who you are, the way I would see it is if this is someone you're gonna be with for the rest of your life then they should know and accept everything about you, "for better or worse" and all that. I wouldn't personally try to base a relationship entirely on my fetish but I don't think I could be with somebody that didn't fully accept me for who I am. You can't love someone wholeheartedly if there are parts of them you don't accept and aren't able to get past. Just my two cents on the topic though. I hope that one day you'll be able to share it with him because it's something you like doing and he can accept it because it's part of the person he loves. Hiding a part of who you are sexually can be very hard and frustrating so good luck.

}}

Sincerely, I could really live without omorashi. And I will do it if necessary. I'm not frustrated at all today. If it happens, I will maybe consider to tell him.

*016*2017-04-23 20:08

Ok then.

I was wearing dark grey pants, baskets, a white shirt and a dark grey corset.

I was on my way back from work. I had a 1h30 journey to get home, but he asked me if I would like him to come and take me at the train station. I said yes of course! So I had only 35 minutes of metro and 25 in train to reach my station.

When I had left work, I forgot to go to the bathroom. It had been a long day and all I wanted was to go home.

Once I was in the metro, he stopped between two stations, and the driver announced an electric perturbation on the line. I texted my fiancé, so he knew about it. My bladder was filling. After 45 minutes, the problem was solved and we moved forward again. I was now bursting for a wee...

When I got on the train, I was lucky to find a seat even if it was at the back. I was bouncing my legs, but no one seemed to see it. All passengers were looking at their phones. When the train moved, it became really hard to hold it. Each movement could make me pee. About 10 minutes later, I started to wet myself. My neighbors weren't there anymore. There was only a guy facin me, but hopefully I was only leaking so my pee was only on my seat and he couldn't see it.

He left at the next station. That's when I completely soaked my pants and made a huge puddle on the floor. I wasn't proud of me...

But no one told me anything at the station, and my fiancé had a tarpaulin in his car so I sat on it to keep his car dry.

*018*2017-04-30 21:15

Of course i was turned on. Otherwise i wouldn't be here...

