Me and my ex both had close calls

Author: Ethi

*000*2022-03-06 15:53

Hello! This is not an actual wetting story but just some desperation that almost resulted in accidents for me and my most recent ex.

So this happened just the other day, me and my ex are on decent terms with each other and still talk. That day we were acting like the biggest idiots ever and wanted to see if the red major melon mountain dew and the blue voltage one would mix to make purple which we figured out it did. (Yes this is the shit I do on my freetime, my sense of humor is beyond repair)

After drinking this toxic concoction we both felt absolutely awful and drinking a ton of fluids filled our bladders more beyond belief and neither of us had gone since morning.

She was wearing black tights and a simple t shirt and I had on my average blue jeans and hoodie, since its at least -5° each day here in canada I was also wearing a blue jacket.

So immediately we both feel urges to go and I guess her bladder is a lot stronger than mine because she said she really needed to piss and I was holding my thighs together and wiggling around a bit. The pain from drinking what felt like battery acid was killing my stomach and I wanted to throw up.

We kept on driving and traffic was nasty this day, we hit every red light and even then it was moving along so slow, we approached her house and she offered for me to go in and use her bathroom but me being me I declined. She got out and went in without an issue while I still have my drive home..

So now I was on my own with an aching bladder and queezy stomach about 15 minutes away from my house.

If I wet myself it would be my first time wetting in a car and I would be absolutely humiliated in my light blue jeans, and I'm sure I've mentioned this before but I dont leak.. I just straight up piss when anything comes out so if a dribble came out it was game over a second after due to me being unable to hold.

The rest of the drive home was me groaning with one hand on the wheel and the other pressing into my crotch through my jeans (thank god I have an automatic car) and then I finally got home. I stopped my car and immediately BOLTED inside to my bathroom, leaping down my stairs and dashing into it, since I had to shit aswell I decided to sit. I took my jeans off and my dark blue boxers and plopped my ass down and immediately my piss gushed out like a waterfall.

Now I was honestly thinking of recording how long I pissed for and posting it but I just wanted the relief of finally peeing because it was at least a minute long.

Then I just carried on with my day as normal checking omo.org every couple hours and playing some games with my friends online.

Hope you enjoyed the desperation, it felt great to relax and finally piss

*002*2022-03-09 01:18

{{On 3/7/2022 at 5:36 PM, omowritter said:

Being stuck in traffic like that hurts so much cause of the bumps and stuff in the road. I was stuck in traffic on my way home from work and I had too pee so bad. I was squirming and driving with one hand cause the other was holding my panties. Every time I hit a bump in the road I accidentally spurted. When I got home my panties were already very wet. I ran on my porch but I was having trouble getting my keys cause every time I took my hands from my panties I would pee. I finally got in but as soon as I got in the door i peed. I just collapsed it felt so good

}}

That is so hot thank you for sharing this story I loved hearing it. I would love to see someone lose control like that at the door.

