Wet Myself in a Cab

Author: Dthompson

*000*2019-01-05 08:44

So I’m at a club last weekend to see some friends perform. The night was a lot of fun, drinks were flowing, and I broke the seal early which meant bathroom breaks were plenty. As the night wrapped up my friends went back to undress and pack their things and I went out to the patio to have a cigar. About halfway through my friends start to shuffle out and I offered to help one carry her stuff to her car. I didn’t think anything of it because I didn’t realize what time it was. Well after talking while I finished my cigar my friend decided to leave and I thought I’d go back in the club, say my goodbyes, go to the bathroom one last time and order a cab to get home. As I went to go back in I found the doors locked. Not ideal since I now had to pee pretty bad but there’s not much I can do at this point. I order the cab and realize that it’s going to be about a 20 min ride and that the car was 10 mins away so 30 mins total.

In the time it took for the car to get to me I went from the slight fidget to a noticible dance with the ocaisional grab of my crotch. I get in the back and sitting down put more pressure on my bladder. I switch to outright holding myself and the driver asks if I’m ok. I let him know that I got locked out before I could go to the bathroom and was pretty desperate (which was embarrassing enough). We start our drive and I’m starting to worry that I won’t make it.

I think he could tell since I felt him excellerate harder from stoplights and signs. To my detriment his speeding caught the attention of a cop who proceeded to pull him over. I had never been in a cab that was pulled over and didn’t know what to do nor did I know what I was going to do with my predicament. I decided to try and play it cool and act normal. I removed the grip on my crotch which was a big mistake, as soon as I did I let lose a powerful spurt that lasted for a few seconds but seemed like a lifetime (realistically it was probably only 2 seconds).

I start apoligizing profusely to the driver as I think he heard the jet of pee leak out. He was a bit preoccupied thankfully and even more thankfully the cop let us go with a warning after the driver explained my prediciment (again wanting to die because now this is two people who know I’m wetting myself). We start up again and the driver asks how I’m doing. I had to let him know that I had started to have an accident in my pants. He wasn’t to happy but also he seemed to be a little sympathetic (but I swore I saw him snicker when I said I was having an accident).

He does his best to get me home quickly without speeding and risking getting pulled over a second time. When we arrived I quickly jumped out so I didn’t get his car any wetter. He asked to see the damage on my pants so he could see how wet his seat would be (I was sitting behind him so he couldn’t see easily) so I stood in front of his window and spun around. Again he wasn’t too happy but I gave him a huge tip to cover the cleaning and he laughed saying it’s pretty rare to see a guy my age wetting his pants. Thankfully I was able to rush into my house to finish peeing and this ended my eventful night.

$$

$$

