The diverted flight

Author: jtlovespee

*000*2020-10-18 16:24

This is a very true experience that happened about a year ago but has stuck with me.

I was on a flight to Chicago and it was uneventful until the last 30 minutes. Heavy turbulence began and it was clear we were nearing a storm. After about 5 minutes our pilot came on the PA sounding flustered “ladies and gentleman, we have lost our computer and radar upfront and since we are heading into a storm, we don’t want to risk it an will be diverting.

Of course everyone on the plane had a million questions and was nervous. Thankfully after another 30 minutes we landed safely.

The pilot came out of the cockpit and told everyone they couldn’t get up or get off the plane as a plan had to be made and everyone needed to be counted. That’s when I noticed the cute 35 year old woman in the row in front of me looking panicked.

I took notice and happened to see what she was texting to her husband “yes I’m ok, but I have to pee so bad. Like I’m going to pee myself and I don’t know what to do.”

Needless to say I felt bad but also was ver very interested. After another minute or two, she turned around and said, when do you think they’ll let us off? I said I hope soon!!! She nodded and said me too. I’ve had to pee for an hour and am bursting. She switched positions to sit on her heel.

I made small talk and told her I had been there and to just hang on. A flight attendant came by and she whispered to her, “can I just use the bathroom quick? I’m bursting!” The 25 year old flight attendant looked nervous and whispered back that she would but she would get in trouble. Then she said that she also was in the same boat and crossed her legs.” Both the girls chuckled a little. I was trying to contain myself.

The woman was squirming a lot. She was a cutie too. Girl next door type in jeans and a t shirt. Finally they let’s us get off the plane. The whole way down the isle her legs were clenched and she did a nervous run to the bathroom once we got into the terminal.

I went and emptied my bladder too and came back out of the men’s room to the woman coming out of the ladies room. I quickly scanned for any damage but couldn’t see any wet spots. Darn.

She spotted me and we walked toward the ticket counter together to figure out what our next plan was.

As we walked I asked her if she felt better. She said oh my god yes, it was the worse it has ever been. I said well at least you made it right?? Her reply is what has made me remember this vividly... “mostly!”

We both had a good laugh and I said “mostly? What’s that mean” she says, “do I need to spell it out! let’s just say I’m glad carry an extra pair of underwear in my purse” and smiled.

By jaw was visibly dropped but the moment was broken by the gate agent yelling next. That was the last I saw of her. One of the best memories I’ve ever had in this fetish.

*002*2020-10-19 04:26

I assure you, this really happened. I’d be happy to post in fiction if it were fiction. It was a smaller plane with two seats on either side of the isle, and I was leaned forward.

