Desperate While Driving- Car Wetting

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-02-22 05:25

Being as shy as I am, coupled by social issues often made it near impossible for me to ask for a bathroom and it lasted even after my teens. I also hated the thought of using any unclean public restrooms, like convenient stores. And having to go was enjoyable, so I didn't mind it. This resulted in some close calls.

One particular time I was with a friend and had been the entire day. From 9 am and it was 2 pm before I looked at the clock again.

I had been driving from her house, over an hour away, to mine, for about 10 minutes. I was clearly distracted by music and the road and didn't notice the beginning signs from my bladder.

I had gotten out on the highway that would take me home when a sudden squeeze in my lower region took a hold of my attention. I had to pee, I had to pee really bad.

After thinking it over I realized that I may have not even used the restroom when I woke up, at 7 o'clock this morning.

After finally feeling the need it was unbearable. At the time I had only been driving for about 8 months, and I had never been desperate while driving.

It's like agony because these no way to cross your legs, and you have to give the road attention too.

I had been using only one hand on the wheel, but in one particular curve I had to relinquish my hold to take the wheel.

I thought I might wet the set then and there. My bladder was already distraught, constantly punching and kicking its walls. As the billions of drops came together to form a large sum. It seemed my bladder could no longer store the nice pent up golden liquid. Instead it huffed and grumbled as my sphincter slowly ran out of fight. And down the urethra it came.

I reach my crotch as theorist few drops poured out. Fighting to get my muscles under control.

My bladder spasmed involuntarily wanting to release, but knowing this was the wrong place.

My muscles throbbed as they tired out.

My hand soon became the only bridge between the pee spilling all over my seats. Which, if I might add, at this point that was even appealing.

No, no, I thought. Wetting your seat? How would you explain that, oh I peed my seat, just like little kids.

I could just stop at an exit, I thought. But then cringed at the idea of a gross restroom, might as well just go in some bushes, I considered.

Only 30 minutes left I chanted and turn the music up in a last ditch effort to wait out the tide.

With 20 minutes to spare my phone beeped, and I nearly jumped out of my skin.

While the liquid literally did. It came out of its confined canal and onto my underwear, through my jeans, and could be felted by my hand.

Stopping seemed impossible. It flowed for a good 5 seconds. Assessing the damaged concluded my undies wear gone and there was softball sized damage on my jeans.

Once tasting relief my poor muscles quivered with the excitement of further emptying the pressure.

Oh, no a large curve coming up. I gritted my teeth telling myself I didn't come so far just to give up.

Oh, no... Some just came out, and some more, and. It all came crashing down as it dawned on me there was no coming back from that leak.

I pulled off to the edge of the road. Seeing a towel that I kept for wiping my rear view mirrors off. I put that under me just in time as the torrent picked up. It flooded the towel, but thankfully my seats were not very wet.

I then put the towel in a plastic bag.

Most eventful car wetting I've had, at least while I was driving.

*004*2016-02-23 04:01

{{ 

@kgirl,

My first girlfriend enjoyed holding. Even without preemptive pees, she almost never peed anywhere she didn't like – never at school – never in stores. Well, almost. About twice a year her confidence got bigger than her bladder. Then she would have an experience like you describe.

}}

It rarely has happened to me. i think i can only recall this time, and maybe 3 others. i have almost all of them posted already.

{{ 

I was driving while desperate yesterday (8.5 hours at work, no going to toilet, can of red bull, half can of Coke, half mug of lemsip, bottle of Fanta, and small cup of water). I made it home though. Struggled to stay very still on the drive home, because my usual go-to is crossing my legs and that helps me for a long time. Obviously can't do that driving so it felt so much worse when I eventually got home. Like you I drove most of the way with only one hand on the wheel. And there is no way I'm ever peeing on my car seats. My car cost waaaay too much money for me to do that. (And its my baby. I love it)

}}

I'm really glad mine was not expensive at that time. it was fabric seats and only cost like 5, 000

{{ 

Very nice event. I'd always been meaning to put myself in that kind of scenario. How did you manage hiding it afterwards?

}}

I didn't have to because no one was home when i got there, thank goodness.

