Desperately Working from Home

Author: Lils

*000*2020-07-01 18:21

As many people in this pandemic, I am currently working from home. This usually means that I have a day filled with desk work, phone calls and video calls (usually a combination of both). Today was a relatively relaxed day, although I had a few calls to make. I was just thinking that my day was going fine at 3pm and that I could easily finish all my work in time, when I had a videocall to catch up with a coworker. The first few minutes of the call went fine, but then my coworker got really distressed, started crying and almost had a panic-attack. I ended up talking to her, hearing her story, asking in what ways she could use help, and then some more casual talking to calm her down for about two hours.

After hanging up the phone, I felt a strong need to go to the bathroom, but the next person whom I was scheduled to have a conversation with was already calling. I did not feel comfortable asking him for a toilet break, or ignoring the phone, as he had to go out of his way to make time for me in my schedule (and there was the entire age/gender/experience gap going for us). I was hoping for a short phone conversation, but after 20 minutes came to the conclusion that this would not be the case. My desperation, fueled by coffee and water consumption, was growing rapidly, and I did not know how long I could comfortably hold without it distracting me from the important conversation.

I started walking around the house, while talking to this man, which made it a little easier to distract myself from my bladder. But as he kept talking, this stopped working. And at that point, I decided I would just not care - I was home, needed my concentration for the conversation and no one would see me. I got a towel out of my closed and put in on the floor, and while still discussing one of the subtopics of our work, I relaxed my bladder and slowly peed my pants. I completely soaked my jeans and left two food-size spots on the towel. I quickly pulled off my socks, dumping them on the towel en contintued walking through my house in wet and cooling jeans for the remainder of the phone conversation (which lasted another 15 minutes).

After finishing the conversation, I was kind of giddy about what I had done, although there was no pause in my speech or noise that he could have drawn any conclusion from. I gathered up my wet stuff, set up a round of laundry (which was due anyway), washed my legs, put on some clean pants and went back to work (as the earlier conversation with a coworkers had thrown a dent in my planning).

Looking back, I might have been able to hold it for 15 more minutes, but it would have been uncomfortable, and it felt really naughty to do it this way...

Have any of you done anything similar, planned or (like me) unplanned?

*011*2020-07-05 19:28

{{On 7/4/2020 at 2:12 PM, Marco said:

A few days ago, during a video conference call, I saw a coworker swinging in her chair, left and right. Of course she could have done this for various reasons, but you can imagine what my fantasy was (also because she is very pretty).

}}

I must say, I commonly do this because one of the things I despise most about working from home is sitting still all day… So it might not mean what you hope in means.

