Helping her use the bathroom (Indian)

Author: Ranganath

*000*2018-02-01 02:28

A friend of mine called Preeti used to stay in the flat opposite me back in college. She was from South India and was very quiet and wore jasmine flowers in her hair and all. However, she didn't stay with her family or even with her relatives. Instead, she stayed with another girl from my class called Deeksha.

When holidays started Deeksha returned to her home in Rajasthan. Preeti however, stayed for some reason. As I had an internship, I also stayed in the city. One day, just after returning from work, I spotted Preeti limping home towards the house. I rushed towards her and gave her my arm for support. As I helped her walk towards the house, I asked her what happened. She told me that she had been in a small bike accident on the main road. Luckily for her, the crash happened just in front of a small hospital. The hospital had bandaged her up nicely and told her not to tamper with the bandages for two days.

I led Preeti up to my house and sat her down in the living room. I gave her tea and inspected her injuries. Her arms were hurt and the bandages were around her elbows, she couldn't bend them. After the tea Preeti looked uncomfortable. She asked me to take her back to her house. I tried, but she couldn't find the keys. After much searching and pain ,she agreed to stay in my house. I sat her down again and asked why she was so eager to leave. She told me that it was because she needed to use the bathroom very badly.

I was shocked. I told her that she need'nt be embaressed ,and that she could use the bathroom here. She smiled painfully and shyly, and looked at the floor.

"It's not that...." she muttered,

"I c...can't bend my arms....... I'd have to be entirely naked to manage it."

"What?" ,I gaped, not believing what I was hearing,

"Why? That doesn't make sense!"

Preeti shook her head knowlegdably,

"It is. If I try going while not naked, I won't be able to pull my salwar down, and I'll....I'll... Soil it..."

I was stunned. "Do you want me to help?", I asked.

Preeti looked shocked.

"No! No! What are you suggesting!?"

I shrugged my shoulders and looked at Preeti. She wiggled her legs in desperation and sighed, exhaling in defeat.

"Aww well...", she said, at her wits end, "I can't see any other way. Could you take me to the bathroom and ... help me?"

I almost gasped. My dick throbbed under my jeans and I began to get wet. I helped Preeti to her feet and took her to my Western style loo. The moment the toilet came into sight, Preeti became much more desperate. She hobbled faster and I was forced to keep pace. When we were a step away from it she almost shouted,

"DOWN DOWN! Take them DOWN! Now!! My Salwar!! Take it off!!!"

I fumbled around down there. I lifted up her dark green kurti and held it up with one hand. I frantically tried to untie the Salwar knot with only my one free remaining hand as Preeti squirmed underneath my touch. In the crotch of her pale yellow Salwar, I noticed a damp spot. I moved one hand slightly closer as Preeti squirmed some more. Finally, I untied the knot.

The air was thick with the smell of Preeti, her perfume, her sweat, and her groin. As Preeti salwar collapsed to the floor, Preeti pushed me back. As I stumbled to keep my balance, Preeti took a step backwards and plopped herself desperately onto the toilet seat, seemingly unaware that a bit of her kurti from the back had come between her butt and the seat and was now dangling precariously in the bowl.

I though to mention it to her but then I heard the sound. A loud serpentine hiss of piss being violently and forcefully ejected from the bladder and being sprayed onto the sides of the porcelein bowl. The stream smashed against the side and trickled down into the water.

Preeti moaned orgasmically as her bladder emptied itself. She sat there, seemingly unaware or unconcerned that I was watching here piss and was merely 2 strokes away from shooting my load inside my jeans; she just sat there peeing until she was drained.

After the last drop of her bladder's contents had made it into the toilet bowl, she looked at me. I offered to wipe her and she initially refused, clamping her legs shut in indignation. However, after a long and gory discussion on all things UTI ,she agreed. I reached for a drop of toilet paper and she gingerly spread her legs.

I gulped, wrapped the flimsy piece of toilet paper around my hand and bent forward to wipe the dripping hairy mauve patch nestled between her thighs. As I came forward, my head was on level with Preeti's knees. My groin made contact with the cold porcelein of the toilet bowl. As I wiped between her legs, the warmness and wetness soaked through the thin piece of absorbable paper and dampened my hand. My throbbing dick pressed once more against the hard porcelein of the toilet, and ejaculated uncontrollably. As I filled my underwear with creamy gooeiness, I gasped and doubled over.

Preeti laughed at me. She stood up, her pubes on full display; a neat triangle of curly tamilian pubic hair, and said,

"If you're done jizzing in your pants, can you pull mine up?"

THE END

*003*2018-02-02 01:42

{{6 hours ago, Dwayne said:

Interesting experience. I'm impressed that she agreed to take your help. Well seemed like she couldn't have made it home anyway.

What happened later?

}}

{{11 hours ago, Despholder said:

What happened afterwards? Have you met since?

}}

Surprisingly things weren't that awkward afterwards. I was super embarrassed and was convinced that she'd avoid me in the future, but nothing like that happened. For some reason she felt as if she was the one who should be embarrassed by the incident. As such she studiously went to great lengths to avoid ever bringing up the topic again. However, she acted as f nothing happened and till today we keep in touch :)

