Perfect Day Skiing

Author: Snowpants

*000*2022-01-19 19:39

Had the day off so I decided to go skiing. My plan was to spend the morning being it in the cold, enjoying the slopes and wetting myself while doing it.

The mountain was almost 2 hours away so I emptied my bladder before I left. I filled a thermos with half a pot of coffee to drink on the ride up. I decided to wear a light grey pair of boxer briefs so my wetting would be very obvious when I got home. The first pic is what they looked like dry. Over these I wore a nice thick pair of black fleece pants then my red snowbibs.$$

About half way there my bladder started to get full. I thought I could make it to the mountain and still very dry. As time went on my bladder filled and as I pulled into the parking lot I had a small leak. Parking and getting out of the car helped until I needed to put on my ski boots. Anyone who skies knows this is not easy, especially with a full bladder. Needless to say I leaked a few more times getting them on.

A snow pants wetting friend of mine challenged me to wet in a few different scenarios and I was up for the challenge. First I had to leak a little while waiting in line at the chair lift. It was fun to do but not much of a challenge. Next I was supposed to wet some while on the lift with someone. My first trip up I was alone so I needed to wait. By the time I got on the lift again I was very desperate. I ended up sitting between two guys I did not know. One guy just sat there but the other guy kept talking to me. As we sat there I slowly started to wet my snowbibs. Not too much but it was so exciting to be doing that so close to soneobe who knew nothing about what I was doing. My final challenge was to wait until I was getting ready to leave, stand outside of the lodge where a lot of people are hanging out and completely empty my bladder into my snowbibs. I have wet in oublic before but never an entire bladderful at once. I am sure my face gave me away, if anyone was paying attention.

It was a great ride home sitting in my pissy wet fleece pants and snowbibs. When I got close to hone I stopped and filled my gas tank. I took full advantage and wet my snowbibs again while pumping the gas.

The next few pics are of me in my red snowbibs, then the soaking wet black fleece pants and finally my wet grey boxer briefs.$$

$$

$$

I hope you all enjoy the description of my day.

*002*2022-01-20 09:53

@wetsnowpants

I did not wet inside. Being desperate always makes me wet more often and that happened again yesterday. By the time I got home I was desperate again so I decided to go to the gas station and fill up. Standing at the pump wearing my bright red snowbibs made me feel a little obvious but I really did not care. I tried to keep holding as I pumped the gas but the sound of the liquid was too much and I totally soaked myself again. Those fleece pants did their job and absorbed most of that piss too. As I finished I looked down and no piss had leaked out the snowbibs bottom.

Can't wait to plan another ski day soon.

*004*2022-01-20 18:41

@Stinky Pikachu

It was great. As much as I love wetting, getting away with it in a public setting makes things that much more exciting.

*007*2022-01-21 12:22

@wetskipants

I know, aren't those red snowbibs great. My ski jacket has red in it so I thought these snowbibs would look great. The straps do help keep the pants up and I don't have to spend the day pulling up my pants. I highly recommend everyone should own a pair.

