First Accident (that I can remember) at School

Author: Meg

*000*2018-03-22 07:51

Hi! I don’t really post a lot but I’m going to tell you all about my very first accident.

WARNING - I was a child when this happened and just because I decided to share my real life experience doesn’t mean I’m supporting pedophiles.

This was in 1st grade and my mother decided to send me to school wearing real jeans for the first time, they looked really cool but I was nervous. The pair of jeans didn’t have an easy fastener made for a kid either, it was a real button and zipper, which I had honestly struggled with. The denim was stiff like cardboard & the waist was a bit tight on me, making the problem worse. I complained to my mom that I couldn’t do it but she wouldn’t listen and sent me off to school anyway.

I honestly don’t remember most of the day but what I do remember is the last hour before we were sent home. We had the kind of classroom with a bathroom attached in the back of the room. It didn’t have any individual stalls and there was only one toilet and a sink in a medium sized all-white tile room. It was finally time for the teacher to allow us to line up for the bathroom break and I was absolutely bursting for a pee. I hadn’t gone all day and my awful tight denim wasn’t helping.

It was finally my turn and I had been doing a little dance in line for some time now. There was maybe three more people in line behind me so I had to be quick so I wouldn’t seem rude.

I got in the room and my fears were realized as I tried to undo the button and couldn’t get it. I had to pee so badly I was hopping around the bathroom yanking at the thing and it wouldn’t budge. I couldn’t hold my bladder any longer and started to pee my pants as I hopelessly yanked at my waist. I tried to even get the pants down without undoing the button and they were just too tight.

I started crying because I was so embarrassed and I didn’t want to go out and face the other kids and get laughed at. I stayed in the bathroom for ages until I finally had enough courage to open the door. I guess I had stayed in there so long that the teacher let the other kids use the hall bathroom and she had even started reading a story. Everyone was preoccupied with what she was reading so I think I’ve totally gotten away with it and I can maybe sneak to my bus and get home without anyone seeing that I had wet my pants.

When the story was finished everyone was allowed to grab their school bags and line up to go outside to the busses. I was trying to be sneaky and stayed at the back of the line the kept my book bag in front of my wet spot. When we went outside we all went to our separate busses which was NOT GOOD because that meant any kids behind me could see that I had peed my pants.

As I started walking to my bus, which HAD to be the last one in line, the most popular girl in my class and her two cool friends ended up behind me. (In real life she’s actually the daughter of a famous 80s rock singer so naturally she was very wealthy and popular)

I started to wonder if they knew but then all three of them started laughing really loud and I realized they saw my pee soaked jeans. I wanted to just curl up into a ball and hide from the world because I was so embarrassed. I had tears in my eyes and I was blushing like mad. I tried to ignore them but how could I when we were all headed to the same bus? If that LITERALLY wasn’t bad enough, all of a sudden this boy Trevor came jogging up to me. Trevor was a really popular boy in my class that all the girls (including me) thought was super cute and handsome because he was the funny class clown. He started talking to me and kinda giggling at the same time and I was just shocked for the moment because I didn’t know he even knew my name and he had never spoken to me before. I wasn’t a ‘super cool’ kid for the most part I was just quiet and shy.

Looking back on it I think Trevor was trying to either be nice and distract the girls behind me, or maybe he was just doing it to embarrass me more so he could make fun of me later, I’m not sure. BUT at that time I though it was the worst thing in the world because I’m trapped by all these cool popular kids when I was trying to be sneaky.

So there I was, absolutely soaked pants, getting laughed at by the most popular people in school, absolutely blowing my chance with my crush and totally humiliating myself. I get on the bus after Trevor and the girls behind me now have a full view of my accident from below as I climb the steps to get on board. The girls hadn’t stopped laughing since we started walking toward the bus. A long walk of humiliation.

Trevor decided to sit next to me and we make small talk all the way home. He kept looking over at the popular girls who were sitting diagonal to us which makes me think that they put him up to it because he never sat by me or really talked to me again.

I got off the bus and the bus driver is supposed to wait until the younger kids get in their house before driving off so I had to run all the way up my driveway with a bus full of kids probably staring at me. When I was finally inside I started bawling my eyes out and I didn’t wear jeans until I was at least 12 or 13.

