A Little Pressure

Author: nakasette

*000*2010-10-18 03:49

So just got through my sisters sixteenth birthday party, it was probably the busiest i've been in a long time. most of the day was spent running around playing games and the like, building a fire, having a crud ton of pop, stuff like that. Now ordinarily i can go a long time without using the bathroom, (i go about once a day at night before bed, yeah, don't really do the morning thing) but by the time i go it can take a while to finish. So anyway, back to the story, at about 9 o'clock the guests started to head home, all that was left was a friend of one of my sisters, a girl of average height, 18, cute with glasses, and ...how shall i say... rather... "shapely" (yeah that's a good word, cause saying she had huge breasts sounds rude).

I noticed at the dinner table that she had taken down about 4 cans of mountain dew rather quickly so i knew she was going to be needing the toilet, but i never really saw her get desperate. or so i thought... she had just gotten a message from her mom that she would be bay to pick her up soon, and to get her stuff together, that's when she remembered she left her purse out by the bon fire, it was dark by now and i volunteered to go fetch it. once i got to the fire i saw that all was left was a tiny ember. it suddenly struck me as a good idea to put it out. (it was about that time anyway). so i stepped up to the fire, looked around, unzipped and proceeded to take a massive leak. i hadn't ever whizzed on a fire before, and had no idea that huge clouds of white smoke would start billowing everywhere, it was blinding and smelled like pee but there was little i could do to stop it.

After about 20 seconds i picked up on noise behind me, panic struck me for fear it was my mom or sister, i whipped my head around and was greeted by her friend who was staring at me and the fire hose i was dealing with. i started to apologize vehemently and tried to stop it best i could, but no good, i had too much to drink and it weren't ending anytime soon. it was then that i realized she was crossing her legs tightly, she said, "it's ok, I really gotta go too... i was too embarrassed to ask anyone where the toilet was" I quickly said that I would show her where it was, but at only one minute passed, i knew i wasn't going to stop for at least another minute and it didn't look like she had that long.

I looked around and that's when i spotted the benches we made for the party, just a couple of 2x4's stretched across two large bricks, with a hole in the middle of the 2x4's, i said, "how bad do you have to go?" she answered "i'm really needing it and you're not exactly helping mister camel" with obvious disgust in her voice. (ha ha, very funny...)

Well, you can try on one of these benches here behind me, their is no one out at this time of night, just sit down and use it like a toilet. she seemed to be kinda hesitant, but another spasm from her bladder and she said "alright i'll do it, just don't turn around anytime soon." I couldn't have if i wanted to, a minute and a half of my usual two and a half pee not to mention all the extra liquid in me prevented me so. i heard rustling of clothing and a plop as she sat down, then a slight sigh as the waterfall started behind me. we peed in unison for a minute, during which i asked why she had come here, to this she replied that she thought she left stuff of hers beside her purse and that i might not see it in the dark. Finally mine started to trickle off, now it was only her stream that pelted the ground, i went to tuck my you know what back into my pants when i found it getting harder and harder, oh man, this is bad, listening to her going was giving me a hard on you wouldn't believe.

She had to know i was done cause the sizzling and smoke had subsided, i just had to get it back in my pants somehow before she realized it, so i quickly unbuttoned my, pants pulled it straight up, and buttoned them again, about this time i heard her finish her pee and start to get up, that's when she realized she had nothing to wipe with... "uhm," she said kind of timidly, "i need you to hand me my purse for something," I said ok and started to turn around when she yelled "Don't look at me!" I immediately turned around again and apologized a few times, meanwhile i was trying to figure out how i was going to pick up her purse with my willy sticking up into my stomach, I managed to get it lifting it with my foot and catching it with my hand, i then walked backwards to her and handed it to her behind my back. "what was that for?" she said. i asked back "what was what for?" to which she angrily replied "the thing with kicking my purse up to you, couldn't you just bend down and grab it?"

"i don't know" i answered, even though i had a very good reason for doing so. I heard her dig through her purse and then eventually she stood up and said "ok, you can turn around now". she said sheepishly. I again apologized, but she said "it's ok, just please never tell anyone about this."

"i won't if you won't" i said kind of exasperated like. after a moment of awkward silence, neither of us knowing what to say i guess, we both jumped ten feet in the air when a horn sounded from the front of the house, "well that's my mom, i'll be going now, bye" she said quickly and kind of shook up, i guess it was mostly shock of realizing what she had done, or had to do. I just managed a wimpy "sayonara", as she walked away. She was definitely an odd character, really quiet for the whole party, and sort of shy, but the way she shouted at me and when she decided that she couldn't wait anymore showed an almost violent side of her character. i don't know, i'm not good with girls, but still, it's amazing what a little pressure will do to a person...

