Public wetting and sex

Author: ilovethesea

*000*2016-09-03 20:31

Hey guys, so i don't know if i'm supposed to post this here because it actually goes further than wetting but if needed I'll take it out. Nevertheless I advice, this story contains sexual activity.

I met a girl (lets call her Eve) at a friend's birthday (who will be Thelma) and we were chatting for a while. We connected, really good talk, very sweet girl. At the end we were kind of making out a little bit, not like in the corner or anything, more like dancing and eventual kiss or so here and there. I decided to take a stand, so I grabbed her strongly against me, grabbed her ass and kissed her like a man!! (cheers guys) Thing is I made it clear what my intention was for that night. But there was always this tension between me and Thelma. So she approached and suggested we had a foursome with another friend of ours. I met Eve for the first time in there so I said that was fine by me if she was into it but I didn't think it was cool for me to ask her. They're long term friends, both of them, even sharing an apartment few years ago, and I was good as I was so I let Thelma bring it up to Eve. For my surprise, she said yes.

We headed off back home and in the cab I asked 'look people, I know you're all kinky so I don't judge but I don't wanna be caught by surprise with some weird shit, I'm up for whatever comes, but I wanna know - should I know about any fetishes for this?' to which everyone said 'ah no, what happens happens, it's good' and I thought 'yeah right' but who cares, right? Then leaving the cab they wanted to chat with the cab driver while paying so me and the other guy went to the cafe nearby for a piss and when we got back, going upstairs, Eve whispered to me 'I'm into heavy stuff, BDSM related'.

Back home we went to different rooms, apparently Eve decided to not go for the foursome. This sweet girl Eve had an evil BDSM plan in her head. She talked me into it. I had never tried BDSM per se before but I was drunk and due to some shit I went through I can't say no to this stuff. It just appeals to me. Anyway we had pretty rough sex, I didn't know what I was doing but I'm military trained and I know what i cannot do so everything was pretty much under control, like with me letting her breath and all. But then again, she asked me for pain, so I inflicted pain. Next thing I know, this girl is spending time planning what to try that she never could before, so we engaged in a weird talk about our kinks and deep desires. And I felt telling her about Omorashi could actually work. And people this is where it starts:

I told her about holding, wetting, how it goes for me and what we can explore together, she got into it immediately. I didn't even expect such a positive response from her. She also told me some stuff she could see us merging, BDSM related. Now, I'm quite a sporty guy, outdoors man, and always have ropes around, I made sure they were by the bed before I left to meet her.

For my surprise, during dinner she was horrible. I really dislike people put on some kind of mask to please you. Which she did, and I almost ditched her at a point, long after dinner, but she started with vodka and got lose and eventually dropped the acting. I told her 'look, this is what i want from you. The acting from before, that mask you put on, drop it. I don't give a shit about sex with someone I don't like, and I don't need it. But this.. you're an amazing girl, so be yourself. No one is expecting anything other than that from you' and she almost cried, in a good way. She said i read her. The whole thing changed, we were talking quite well and closed the bar eventually. Before that I had already told her the use of bathroom was restricted from that point on.

So none of us did. I'm not a daddy, that's not my kink, but I do take the lead if needed. After the bar closed we were thinking of going home but then I really wanted to take her to this viewpoint for the whole city and she said she might still make it there but I could see she was already kind of feeling the pressure in her bladder from her body movements. In my car we couldn't find a spot to park, and the road is amazingly bad in that area as it's the old part of town. So she was clearly holding herself now, I myself was already feeling a bit of pain in my bladder. When I finally found a spot to park, we noticed another couple making out in their car. But we went out to the viewpoint anyway.

From the viewpoint we could see the car and they could see us, but there's this little wall in there behind the bench and being dark and all you can hide a bit. She was clearly desperate now, me too, not yet to a point that I can't hold it anymore, but about to get there. She was also clearly horny as I grabbed her breasts and her ass and her pussy. I laid over her and she sat on the bench feeling my cock and looking me in the eyes, this was when I started fingering her. And that's when i started feeling a warm stream coming out of her pussy, with my fingers inside her. She told me 'I can't hold it anymore' while she was going, and i knew she leaked a bit in my car.

I didn't have to go yet, but the night was just starting. I got really aroused watching her jeans shorts wet, and seeing her pee making a patch in her pussy and her ass (she was sitting in a way i could finger her, my fingers were still inside this woman) feeling it in my hand and my wrist and hearing the sound of it hitting the floor through the bench. When i thought she was done, the stream got stronger and I stood there, constantly making eye contact, and the amazing part is I could see her desire in her eyes! When she was done she grabbed me in desire, and I fucked her there and then.

When we left, she said 'I want to walk around like this for a bit before going home' I couldn't believe how lucky I was. It was pretty late, the streets were empty apart from a few drifters like us. We went to place with lights a few cafes, there were a few people walking around still. Having sex had eased my need to go considerably, but now I was feeling pretty desperate again. And she asked 'do you need to go now?' I said yes I was going to in a bit. She said she also needed to go again. Now folks, she did pee a lot the first time, and she did pee a lot the second time as well!! At this point I was more aroused than ever, It was my first deliberate and conscientiously intended public wetting (and still the none after this) and it was about to happen.

I took her to a corner in there, we were at a small park, but you can clearly see through, walking there I got to a point that I was already leaking a lot, and was having the time of her life feeling my crotch area, laughing, while I was trying to find a place, then I realised I couldn't quite hide from everyone. There were people coming back from and going to a club nearby all the time. So we went to the corner, I told her I wasn't going to last much longer, and put her let over my waist and I could feel her pee going down my legs while she kissed me vigorously, I let go myself, felt the relief, she felt my pee and went crazy, kissing me, grabbing my crotch, I grabbed hers too.

I was already completely soaked, front and back, my sneakers pouring pee, and I was still going, I couldn't stop but I held for so long that I think I couldn't quite pee all at once. She was always grabbing my crotch and the feeling was amazing, I didn't even care if anyone saw me anymore, I was really aroused, and so was her. Going back home I had to park really far, so we were walking on our soaked clothes for about 10/15 min, both of us wearing denim, therefore quite visible.

At home we did it her way. After a while we had a pee break, she sat on the toilet and I was supposed to pee in between her open legs, but instead I gave her a golden shower. She wanted revenge so we went on the tub and i went down on her while she peed. we then proceeded to the bedroom back to her way of doing things.

Sorry for long post, hope it's not too explicit or something. And of course, hope you guys like it. This is a 100% true story. Well 98%, names aren't real and dialogs might not be exactly accurate but the meaning is.

*003*2016-09-04 22:53

{{12 hours ago, satyr said:

Sounds like a keeper! Are you still seeing her?

}}

Na, she moved town

