Wetting walking home

Author: kilianj74

*000*2021-05-03 20:28

Hi, I'm a new contributor here - I have lurked on the site for ages but never been brave enough to post! I'm gay, mid thirties (though I look younger) and into guys wetting, videos and stories and have a few stories about myself though have never witnessed anyone else wetting, and have only ever told one other person (a former boyfriend) that I'm into this.

My first genuine wetting accident as an adult was when I was around 27. I had been out for drinks with my housemate (he was an old friend from school now studying in the city where I worked so we rented together). We went into the city centre, and drank about 4 or 5 pints. I can't remember if I went to the loo in the pub (probably I did once earlier in the night) but it was going right through my system. It was about 1am when we decided to walk home and being cheapskate we didn't get a taxi. It was a cool, crisp night and on the walk back to our house I was wearing quite tight dark jeans, shirt and jacket.

The walk home was long - about an hour and a quarter, as we lived in the suburbs. The whole walk was along the side of one major road, in a built up area, with shops or housing, and there were no parks or green spaces on the route. About half an hour in I felt the urge to pee and subtly undid the top button of my jeans as the pressure on my bladder was making it worse. I walked swifty with my friend, trying to make conversation (him doing most of the talking, me essentially trying to listen but not paying much attention as my bladder was screaming.) 

I was scanning for a grassy space where I could pee but there were no options and although my friend would have laughed and teased me if I had found a bush in the dark I would have used it, but I was mortified about the thought of a drain or going on the concrete, plus there were cars occasionally coming down the road. So instead I clamped down, clenching my muscles which wanted to spasm into pee but not holding myself or letting on to my friend.

After a while I felt a spurt and knew I had peed a bit in my pants. I could feel my face going red and my heart was racing. But it was dark and my friend was clueless so we carried on walking briskly. I leaked again a few minutes later, quite a big spurt this time, and I wondered if because of the alcohol I wasn't trying as hard to resist.

I then realised that I could ease the pressure by carrying on wetting every so often, and nobody would probably know. It was outside, so I wasn't worried about smell and my friend wouldn't notice my jeans getting wet. I then started to feel a little bit excited at the opportunity to wet myself and get away with it. I let out bigger and bigger amounts, eventually relaxing completely and flooding my jeans, all the while walking along like normal. The anxiety and panic at wetting myself was replaced with relief and warmth and although my undies and jeans were soaking and a bit heavy I wasn't at all bothered.

When we got to the house, my friend had notice a cute kitty cat was on our doorstep and he wanted to pet it and talk photos on his phone. This gave me an opportunity to go into the house alone, quickly stashing my jeans and undies in the washer (I think I wrapped them in a towel and bundled some other items with them) and getting ready for bed before my housemate came in. Later after my housemate had finished in the bathroom I returned for a long hot enjoyable shower before bed

Hope you liked my story - this is my first post so comments welcome. Has anyone else had a similar experience? Hope to post some other experiences if people like this - bit nervous as I have never in real life met anyone into this so look forwards to your comments.

*006*2022-01-21 00:28

{{31 minutes ago, Stinky Pikachu said:

Great story!! I've happened to wet myself walking home aswell but never with someone haha, I'd die of embarrassment >w< I bet it mustve been exciting tho hehe

}}

He never found out I would have died of embarrassment! Would love to hear about when you wet yourself walking home

