Car accident

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-06-09 18:05

I was coming home from the gym, I had a lot of water and a pre work-out supplement drink which contains caffeine.( note: genetically I have a weak and small bladder, I cant hold it long without wetting myself.) I worked out for almost 2 hours and tried to go the bathroom but it was full so I decided to just go home. I decided to get on the freeway and after a few minutes of driving traffic came to a stop. I seen the police and fire fighters drive in the emergency lane. I live in orange country, california in USA.

When police stop traffic it can last for hours out here. My bladder was super full from the water and the pre-workout. An hour past and I was in the same spot, my bladder was soo full it was hurting and I was curing at the traffic on the 91 freeway . I had to pee so bad, I was grabbing myself and I was doing the pee pee dance. I didnt have anything to pee in so I was basically screwed until I got off the freeway. I was stuck their and my bladder was so full, I started tearing up a lot.

My bladder was so full, I started dripping into my pants and I couldn't help it. I could fell the pee soaking to my jeans and into my hands. (note: I tear or cry uncontrollable when I have to pee really bad out of natural reflex). I started to cry as I slowly dripped into my pants. I started shaking a lot and then my bladder contracted a lot, I started crying a lot more but no pee came out. The traffic didn't move an inch and I was sitting in my car crying unintentionally and trying to hold it in my water. my bladder was so sore it hurt really badly and I can see the pee stain on the from of my jeans.

All off a sudden my bladder contracted really forcefully and a I peed myself for 3 seconds. It made my eyes water a lot and the front of my pants had pee stains. 5 minutes later my bladder got so sore that it went numb and the pee started coming out and I couldn't stop it. It was like I had no control on stopping it the pee was coming out and I was wetting myself in my car seat. I also had no control of crying loudly, and tearing out as I was forced to wet myself in my car seat. I peed for almost 40 seconds uncontrollably shamefully and soaked my car seat. After my accident, traffic cleared 20 minutes later so I went home and took a shower and wrote this story a week later

