Wetting when pregnant (part 1)

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-08-03 07:16

Another one from my archive. Several incidents with preggos.

###

"My most embarrasing moment was when I was about 8 months pregnant. I started laughing and I just couldn't help myself. Right there in front of all my family. Just remember watch what you drink and how much you laugh!"

KC

"I've heard that B-Complex helps with those muscles. –

Also, Kegel exercises"

"I've found that leaning forward while urinating helps to keep me from going as often!!"

"Don't laugh. I was nine months pregnant and I felt as though I had to urinate at least 20 times a day. I was riding with my husband on the expressway after

3 am one morning, all of the sudden I had this incredible urge to urinate. It was so dark that we didn't know when the next exit was coming. I couldn't hold it any longer so, we pulled over to the side of the road and I went right there. It was embarrasing but when you're nine months pregnant, you really don't think about it. Cranberry juice helped a little with alleviating this problem with my second pregnancy. "

"A glass 8 times a day keeps the urge away"."

Maryanna Jowrohowski

"I was out with friends hanging out at a coffee house and left without going to the bathroom so at 3 in the morning leaving the city, I screamed for emergency relief, threw up all over my friends car and on the way into the gas station I went in my pants, got to ride an hour soaking wet. No more coffeehouses!"

Shana Rankin

"I am a school teacher and have always had to urinate often: about every 3 classes. Now, I am the first person out the door when the bell rings after EVERY class so that I can make it back before the tardy bell rings. There are only two employee restrooms so sometimes I am just in misery before my turn and since I haven't told anyone of my condition yet,

I don't get special restroom consideration. My husband and I get a good laugh from this."

Tracy

"I have a retroverted uterus and the pressure from the growth on my blaader has led to an occasional inability to urinate

(needing catheterization at ne point). I am 12 weeks pregnant. Can I expect this problem to go away, or will this plague me for the next 28 weeks?"

P.J. Foley

"Me and my fiance' were on a 12 hour drive trip to another state and about every 15 minutes we had to stop just so I could go to the bathroom, it's more annoying than anything."

"Since I've become pregnant (now 19 weeks) I have of course had to use the bathroom alot!!

I have a small problem.....Perhaps you could give me some advice.? My bladder was normal before pregnacy but now if I even have a tiny bit of fluid in my bladder and I don't get to a bathroom the very minute I feel that I have to pee, I leak. I now MUST wear a panty-liner to catch these emmbarissing blunders. Is there anything I can do that does not include a catheder????"

Brandi

"I am the husband... My wife has been got up me the last night about ten times because of bathroom trips. I have been worried about this! Now I am glad to hear that it is normal.

Thank you!"

Viorel

"Now that I am in my 3rd trimester my husband has become accustomed to my unending trips to the bathroom. In fact he now is my bathroom

"scout" when we are away from home. He helped me find every bathroom when we visited Sea

World last month."

Jen

"I've become an expert at finding a bathroom when needed. Sometimes that means being a little sneaky – like walking across the street during intermission and using a restaurant bathroom, rather than waiting painfully on a long line! I use the bathroom whenever I can, just to be sure. If this is the worst thing I have to suffer...!!!"

Linda O-W

"I am finding myself urinating every 15 min.

And if i cough i urinate, if i vomit theres a puddle on the floor. I was not like this at all my fist pregnancy. I'm only 3 1/2 months too!!!"

Kari

"I once had an embarassing accident while playing tennis. At about 7 months into my pregnancy I could still fit into my tennis skirt, I just wore it a little lower in front under my bulging belly. After playing for about 45 minutes I was feeling the need for a potty break. We (my hubby and I) continued to play awhile longer. I was near the net when my hubby lobbed the ball high to the far end of my court.

Thinking I could return it I ran hard toward the baseline.

About half-way there I suddenly felt like I had to pee really bad, so I stopped chasing the ball but it was TOO

LATE!!! I soaked the white nylon tennis briefs I wear under my white tennis skirt and continued peeing no matter how I tried to stop. I left a puddle on the court and just stood there in shock and embarrassment. My hubby came walking over to me and didn't need to ask what happened. I just said

"Let's go home". What surprised me was I only had minor leakage previous to this, but than it had been at least a month since I did anything as strenuous as tennis.

After another major accident a few days later while lifting a heavy bag of groceries it was obvious strenuous stuff was out until I had the baby. But I hated the thought of giving up on tennis for the next three months. So how did I cope with my Frequent (sometimes uncontrollable) Urination during tennis? Adult diapers. 

Many of you young pregnant girls are probably horrified at the thought of wearing DEPENDS but you gotta do what you gotta do. Taking this humble step allowed me to continue tennis throughout my pregnancy since tennis was my main means of staying in shape. The DEPENDS didn't show since I wore my briefs over them under my skirt. Adult diapers sure saved me some embarrassment on the tennis court so I'm making the same suggestion to you. No one needs to know you're wearing them and they don't show under most dresses or other loose clothing. I hope this helps!

P.S. Sorry this letter was so long."

Sara

"Once at work I kept delaying a trip to the ladies room because I was so busy. When I finally stood up the strain of rising from my chair was too much for my full bladder and I wet my dress pants halfway down to my knees. Now I ALWAYS wear a maxi-pad since even with more bathroom trips I still leak heavily on occasion . Suggestion: Use adequate protection!"

Wendy

"In the rain - on a boat with no bathroom aboard - that was torture."

Jacks B

"Mabey they should just give us women a porta potty, since we seem to leak from everywhere during pregnancy mabey a allover protection bag."

"i work for bell south telecommunications,and i am a phone operator,and it is very had for me to assist the customers, when every other minute i have to run to the ladies room. i even remember i had to tell this one customer to call right back, because i had an emercency i had to take care. My co-workers call me the road runner....but they help me out as mcuh as possible."

"On one of my doctors visits, I was asked to give my urine sample. My bladder was so full that I totally forgot about the sample collection until i finished urinating. Only then did i remember what i was supposed to do.

Then I collected every drop of it fresh for the next 10 minutes."

"I am constantly drinking water (I am six months pregnant) and I have to go to the bathroom so often that it makes me not want to drink any water at all! The worst of it is when I have to climb over my husband in the middle of the night to go to the bathhroom.

It takes me so long to get over him and into the restroom that by the time I get back to bed I am completely wide awake!"

Sara

"I was about 7 months along and dreaded the long meetings I often attended at work because I always had to use the restrooom so bad by the time the meetings were finished. A meeeting just got done and I was just ready to get up and make a mad dash for the restroom when the office clown made a funny remark and got us all laughing. I started wetting my pants but I couldn't stop because I was laughing too hard. I quickly got a few of my female co-workers and told them what happened and had them follow close behind me as I walked out to go home and change so the whole office wouldn't see the huge wet spot on the back of my dress. Any one else had such an embarrassing episode as this? Let's hear your stories!"

Kendra

"Well, right now I'm 15 weeks pregnant it is wonderful !!! I love going to the bathroom alot!! Anything for my baby!!"

Sarah

I can usually go pretty long before having to go to the restroom. Now I'm going all the time! It doesn't matter how much or how little I drink. I have to go before class and then as soon as class is over I'm running for the bathroom again. In a normal 8 hour work day yesterday, I had run to the bathroom at

LEAST once an hour. The guy I was working with kept giving me weird looks and asked if everything was alright.

My husband and I had to switch our bed around so that I could get out of bed to go to the bathroom at night without waking him up. I go at least once a night if not more. It certainly doesn't help me get very much sleep.

With my first child, Missy's body always woke her up @ 3am. My brother thought she was crazy until riding all night in a car with her when she suddenly awoke (at 2:59am I might add) for him to stop for a restroom break. We all laughed!

Chad

Know one at work knows I'm pregnant, however I go to the bathroom at least twice a hour, every hour-my coworkers are being to wonder and ask me if I'm okay

Tinesha 11/25/1998

Before I found out I was pregnant I had went to a deer camp with my family over the Thanksgiving weekend. While there I stayed in the camp house and of course the only place to potty was the out house, about 75 feet away. I tried to hold it as long as I could but I couldn't go back to sleep. I woke up and decided to get me a bucket. Good thing I did I had to go 5 times that night and about that much for the following 4 days. Yet now I understand why. Then 2 nights after I got back to my fiance I had a dream showing I was pregnant, and I remember thinking after all that tugging, pulling and heavy lifting I did. Then a week later I took a pregnancy test and it showed positive. Boy was I elated and excited. My favorite commercial is the one with the woman holding out her shirt saying "oh boy, or girl"....lol

LeNaye 12/19/1998

Before i knew i was pregnant i went to visit family out of town and i was the kind of person who never went to the restroom alot. So i had driven for 5 hours but i refused to stop, so by the time i did i busted through the convient store and someone was in the ladies room so i busted through the mens restroom and felt alot better of course everyone looked at me like i was a pervert but i couldnt help it. i knew then something was wrong with my body.

Jodie 01/02/1999

I have always wet my pants, but the frequency and quantity have really increased since my pregnancy started. I now find it imperative to wear maxi-pads throughout the day, and they seem to be wet all the time. The worst thing that has happened, though, is that I have begun to wet our bed, something I have not done regularly since I was a child of 10. It's a simple matter of my bladder releasing before I can get up, though I often awaken as it starts. Thank God my husband is understanding, and never gets angry. We just view it as the price of having a baby. I have found old fashion cloth diapers and waterproof pants to be the answer to a full night's sleep while I am pregnant. If

I wake up wetting, I just finish in the diapers and go back to sleep. I assume the bedwetting will stop after my pregnancy.

Emily 01/04/1999

During my wife's frist pregnancy she would also have to go to the bathroom frequently and urgently...she tried to take preventive action as much as possible, always finding toilets even if she didn't feel it necessary to use them right then. Nevertheless, this didn't prevent her from just not being able to plan ahead in all situations, and she ended up wetting her pants quite a bit, especially in the first 4 or 5 months, which we both found a little strange since she was obviously smaller in the first stages than later. In fact, during the first three months her need to pee was far more urgent than later. She is a pretty open person, so when she had accidents or had to go to the toilet immediately around people she knew (like at work or friends) she'd just explain that she was pregnant.

However, there were quite a few times she wet her pants in stores, movies and the like, often from coughing or laughing. She wet her pants coming home from work a few times, mostly just before she got home (she walked from the bus or from work if the weather was good), but once wet her pants on the bus.

Mostly she was able to get in control, but usually not before she got her pants pretty wet, like to her knees.

She began wearing dresses a lot, which minimized public embarrassment, but it was summer and her did leave puddles various places.

She never found a good answer to her problem, and rejected the idea of diapers, which a friend suggested to her. One time she began to wet her panties on vacation and ended running into a pet hospital, the closest public building, desperately asking for a toilet, and was directed to one. But by the time she got there she had little left, except a trail behind her on the floor and sidewalk. The secretary there said she totally understood.

She is now pregnant with our second child, but has had far fewer problems like this, which we found surprising if pleasant.

Sam

Sam 01/04/1999

I usually drink a lot of water normally so when I was pregnant with my first child I was a regular pee machine. By the time I was in my seventh month I had put on a lot of weight and between that and the water I had to go almost constantly. I never went anywhere without going first, limited my drives to under a half hour, and always tried to plan ahead for a bathroom. I must have missed half the movies we went to that last two months using the restroom. Well as much as I tried, I still had a bunch of accidents, varying from a cough induced wetting to complete loss. At first I would wear mini then maxi pads but soon these became wet and uncomfortable and I was changing them several times a day.

A friend of mine had just given birth to her third and fourth (twins) and I asked her how she dealt with it.

She told me how each pregnancy her control got worse and that this time by her sixth month she was wetting all the time. Her suggestion was to use adult diapers as they are really made to handle the problem. At first I was unsure and very paranoid about it that someone would know. After all, the last time I wore diapers was as a child. Well after a few more embarassing accidents I decided to give it a try and they really worked. Much less embarassing than wetting your pants in public. Nobody could really tell and my husband appreaciated having a dry bed. He even told me

I looked kind of sexy in them. Plus by the time my child was born I was an expert at changing diapers.

My second child was 10 lbs 4 oz and boy did he ever press my bladder down. It took me about a month after he was born to get my control again. Diapers really helped me through that one, especially when I was in bed for the last few weeks and could never get to the bathroom in time. Now that I am on my third pregnancy

I swear by them. As soon as I started going often I started wearing them and find them to be very helpful and much less embarassing. If you think about it, they are really just a large maxi pad, and any woman who has been pregnant knows exactly what you are going through.

I just hope that I don't end up like my friend who had twins, who to this day still has a leaky bladder, and joked to me that she may be the last one in her family out of diapers.

Besides this I hope all your pregnancies go well and that your babies are born healthy and happy. Good luck!

Susanne 01/05/1999

I've always wondered just how the little one inside know just how to kick you in the worst possible place to keep your bladder in control.

I hadn't wet myself since childhood until 6 months into my pregnancy, then OUCH! it was happening several times a day..pads helped.. but what do you do?

Lizzie 01/06/1999

This happened to my sisterinlaw and I thought it was so funny I almost wet myself. She was into her 8th month and carrying twins. This was her first pregnancy. Kathy was as big as a house, which was pretty big for a small woman that she normally was. She had alot of "urge" incontinence during this period but always had a warning before she had to go. This one particular day though, while doing the lunch dishes and without warning she gush buckets, resulting in a her soaking herself and leaving a large puddle on the floor. She thought her water broke and paniced. Her DH was not home so she called him at work. He called her an ambulance to take her to the hospital and told her he would meet her there. When he arrived he was expecting to get the news of the birth of his twins. Not the case. Kath was waiting red faced for him to take her home .

The doctor informed her that wetting yourself and having your water break were not the same thing. God was she embarassed. She did deliver by C section 10 days later. Two boys both healthy.

LouiseD 01/06/1999

Adult diapers are the answer. But they only work if you wear them! Yep, I was in a grocery store when an awfully strong urge hit me. I knew there was really no point in trying to locate a clerk and then a bathroom as it would be over by then. So I just waited a second and sure enough couldn't hold it. It felt so strange......not like usual........then panic hit like a brick! I was wetting my pants!!!!! I chose not to put my Depends on because it was going to be a short trip. Turned lots of heads walking out to my car in grey slacks wet to the ankles!!!!!!! Oh Boy :(

Mary 01/07/1999

I know that lots of my friends have had minor and major urges to urinate when pregant, and that quite a few of them (and me, too) have had some pants wetting incidents, or close calls. But it is a little weird to see all these descriptions of times it happened. Guess it makes sense, just a little strange. So to add my two cents.

I have one child and am expecting another; I'm about three months pregant, and hardly showing at all. It was like that with my first; I went almost six months before really showing. I'm pretty thin, so this was a surprise.

But both times at around this point I really began having major urges to pee, sometimes coming on really fast. Both the first pregnancy and this time I've done pretty well, but not one hundred percent at all. Its one thing to have to desperately pee when everyone knows your expecting, or even as the post above says, to have a major accident while shopping...at least people when they stare know you pregant. But with me people just don't know unless I tell them, although I've had to find a bathroom in a big hurry a lot. That's not so bad, its the times I've had accidents that are really embarrassing, including one the other day while shopping at the mall, waiting in line to pay. I just couldn't wait and completely lost it. God, I was red faced, trying to explain I was pregnant, not knowing whobelieved, as it it really mattered one way or another.

I just stood there like a little girl as I puddled around my feet. My jeans and shoes were wet....

Anyway, I don't konw what the solution is; somehow the idea of wearing diapers all the time bothers me a lot.

Well, just sharing the experience

Amy 01/07/1999

The story about the accident and water breaking happened to me. During my first I had leaking accidents but nothing a large pad wouldn't hold. One night when I was about 36 weeks I woke up to a wet bed and thought Oh my god, it's time! I woke my husband up, grabbed what we could (we had not packed "the bag"), and drove like hell to the hospital. Sure enough when we got there I was examined and was told that I had not had a water break but rather had just urinated in my bed. I was in such disbelief that I as a little girl had wet the bed.

