Lakehouse nude public pee

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-05-13 15:28

It was recently mine and my boyfriend's one year anniversary, and we decided to celebrate by saving up for a two week long vacation, just the two of us. We've both been facing a lot of pressure from our jobs, and since he lives with his fiance (we're polyamorus, she knows and she's cool with it) we don't get a lot of one on one time. We thought it would be nice to have a full two weeks of just me and him.

We rented a very nice lakehouse with a nice backyard that lead right to the water, and most importantly, no direct neighbors, and a big privacy fence. We spent a lot of time doing cute couple shit, and just enjoying each other's company, but there were also quite a lot of sexcapades.

I practice nudism whenever I can, and I live in an apartment, so I spent a lot of time nude in the backyard. One of the first few days there, while my boyfriend was taking the time to get some much needed extra sleep, I decided to grab my favorite rabbit vibrator, a big water bottle, and have a little wet fun.

I spent a good amount of time just sunbathing in the nude, which was something I'd never gotten to do before, and honestly found very relaxing. I'd decided to skip my morning pee, so I was already feeling desperate, and the sounds of the lake were making it a lot more intense. I was already starting to fidget to hold it in, and was feeling extremely horny from the whole situation.

I grabbed my little buzzy friend and started rubbing it over myself. Let me tell you, all my exhibitionist fantasies coming to life were absolutely amazing. Outside, the warm sun on my skin, a cool breeze in my hair as I pleasured myself. And there was no one but my boyfriend around, so I could moan as loud as I wanted!

I'm really good at holding it while masturbating, since I do it a lot, so I was finishing the water bottle, and getting close to finishing a fifth time. My bladder was swollen and physical hurt from how full it was, I had sprung several leaks, and knew it wouldn't be long before I burst and peed all over myself. My eyes were squeezed tight as I was getting close, when I noticed the sun was suddenly blocked out. Huh, that's weird, there hasn't been a cloud in the sky all day. That's when I opened my eyes to see a familiar mutant horse cock, and my boyfriend's face a little ways behind it.

Boyf: "Hey honey."

Me: "Oh, good morning sweetheart."

Boyf: "Whatcha' doin'?"

Me: "Just having a little fun. Feel free to join in."

He laid down on the ground next to me and quickly got to feeling me up.

Boyf: "I know you wanted to do it outside, but I didn't think you'd do it on the third day here."

Me: "Well I couldn't pass up the opportunity, could I?"

At this point he noticed my swollen bladder and started gently pressing on it.

Boyf: "Need to pee?"

Me: "Yeah, I've been holding it. I need to go really bad. Just... Just one more orgasm. I can't hold it much longer."

He stayed there caressing my body and kissing me as I masturbated. I arched my back and cried out in pleasure as I came. A few seconds after I felt my bladder spasm and contract, and warm liquid started spilling out of me. The vibrator sent my pee spraying out everywhere as I emptied my very full bladder. I peed for nearly a full minute, that was how bad I had to go. We were both covered in it.

Once it was over I turned off the vibrator and pulled it out, just laying there on the soaking wet towel catching my breath. That felt fucking amazing. After a couple minutes just enjoying the afterglow, my boyfriend broke the silence.

Boyf: "Hey, I need to take a piss too. You wanna help me out with that?"

It's really difficult for him to piss while hard. He can, but it usually takes him being completely full to bursting for quite a long time. I saw this as a golden (pun very much intended) opertunity to ask him for something I've been dying to try for a long time.

Me: "Absolutely, but can you do something for me, sweetie?"

Boyf: "Like what?"

Me: "After you cum in me, don't pull out to piss. Use me as your personal urinal."

Boyf: "You want me to pee inside you? I thought you'd never ask."

I was already prepped and ready, so he slid right in, and started pounding away, and it felt amazing as usual. Man fucks like a beast! He made me cum three more times, before he started getting close. He was moaning out how badly he needed to piss, and it was honestly a major turn on. He shot a big load inside me, and less than a minute later, he gave a heavy sigh as I felt something else filling me up. I've never had a guy piss inside me before, and it felt a little weird, but really really good! So nice and warm as it leaked out of me and down my ass crack.

We had some after sex cuddles for a few minutes, enjoying some intimacy after the sexy time. We knew we had to go shower, but decided to do a little skinny dipping first.

Overall, I very fun vacation.

*002*2022-05-15 01:35

{{8 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

Such a hot story! I hope I get to do something like that with my partner!

}}

Highly recommend looking for Airbnb's with privacy fences. If you're in the us, in most states it's perfectly legal to be nude in your backyard as long as there's a privacy fence. We fucked out there a lot on our vacation. I very rarely actually used the toilet, and opted to pee outside almost exclusively for two weeks. I walked right past the bathroom and out the back door, dropped trou, and hosed down the grass. I'll never get over the thrill of having my pussy exposed to the world while pissing.

The rental place also had it's own boat dock, and I peed off it into the lake many times. My boyf even whipped out his cock and peed right next to me once. I even peed out of the second floor window a couple times! Now that was fun! Honestly, finding all the different places I could pee outside the toilet in that Airbnb was my favorite part of the vacation. It was a very piss filled two weeks.

