My first accidental wetting in the car

Author: LittlePee

*000*2017-11-20 23:04

Well I'm new here and this will be my first story. Sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes, but english is not my mothertongue. To describe myself: I'm a nineteen year old girl from Germany. I'm not very tall (about 5"2) and I've got long brown hair. My body shows you, that I do sports regularly but also my cuban roots.

My mom was on vacation the whole week so I had the house for myself.

My accident happened last Sunday. The evening before a friend of mine started a party at his house. At 4am I fell asleep on his couch without going to the toilet since 1am. The next morning I woke up on the couch about 10am. Because his parents would arrive at 12 I helped to clean up a bit and didn't get the chance to use the bathroom. Of course I enjoyed the feeling of my full bladder but I never planned to have an unintentional wetting.

After cleaning up I got to my car to drive home. I felt a little bit uncomfortable because auf the pressure on my bladder but it was okay.

I planned to have a nice wetting at home on my bed. What I didn't plan was to get stuck in traffic. Normally my way home would have been about 20 minutes and in Germany on Sundays there aren't many people on the streets, but I forgot about the festival at the village where the friend lived.

So instead of arriving at home after 20 minutes, I was stuck in traffic like 30 extra minutes.

The pressure on my bladder increased. I tried to focus on the traffic but at one point I couldn't anymore. I hadn't gone to the toilet like about 12 hours and I had drunk a lot the night before. To avoid an accident I put one hand down to hold my crotch. Like this I managed to get through the jam without peeing myself. The next 15minutes were a fight with my bladder. I tried to focus on the street, to think about anything but my bursting bladder.

I wasn't far away from my street, when I finally lost the fight with myself. I felt warm pee spreading out of me. My hand on my crotch got warm and damp. Fortunately I managed to stop the flow after a few seconds. My jeans had a big wet patch on the front and my butt felt also damp.

The last few minutes till I got home some spurts regularly escaped but it wasn't too bad.

At home I managed to get into the house without been seen from some neighbours. While taking off my jacket suddenly warm streams went down my legs. I just stood there peeing myself completely and leaving a big puddle on the floor in the hall. The feeling was amazing and exciting.

After pleasuring myself I cleaned up the floor, but I kept on my wet jeans. Whenever I felt like going to the toilet I just let it flow into my jeans.

It was an amazing day resulting out of an exciting accident.

