Best Wetting Yet

Author: soakedboxers

*000*2019-12-10 01:07

I wasn't planning on holding today, but ...

So I was drinking with some friends last night and probably went to the bathroom around midnight before going to bed. Today I way overslept and woke up around 2 pm and then immediately had to go out and run some errands. When I was out I noticed how badly I had to pee, but wasn't too worried about it. I ignored it and the urge had gone away by the time I got home around 5 pm. I then talked with my roommate and then we ordered dinner. The food got here around 6 and we ate and chatted until 7, and at this point I could feel the urge to pee come on strongly again.

I squirmed in my seat a bit, but once again the urge then faded. After he went back to his room at 7 I lay down in bed to watch some videos, and about 30 minutes later the urge was back again and I was desperate. I tried to ignore it but It was so intense and I felt myself leak into my underwear, which made me spring out of bed, which made me leak more. I quickly walked to the bathroom, barely containing myself, leaking more and more into my underwear and leaving a wet patch on my sweatpants as I walked.

When I got to the bathroom I quickly locked the door behind me and took off my sweatpants, still dribbling a bit, and walked over to the bathtub with my boxers still on. I had left a slight trail on the bathroom floor from how much I was leaking, so I just kind of stood in the bathtub and let loose. I peed into my boxers for a good minute at least, the pee cascading down my legs and down the drain. The relief I feel right now is amazing. I truly don't think I've ever had a wetting be that long and satisfying.

The boxers are currently soaked and abandoned in the bathtub while I write this, but I can post pictures if there's a demand.

*003*2019-12-10 03:03

It's been about two and a half hours since this wetting. Considering getting back in the shower and rewetting my still soaked boxers from earlier ...

*004*2019-12-10 04:12

I decided to rewet them. First photo is what they looked like right before the second wetting, second photo is after. There's not much of a difference but they look a little darker and shinier after being flooded with fresh pee

$$

$$

