Desperate in Morocco!

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-08-02 14:40

A story I found in my archive. Enjoy...

###

This is my recollection of a desperate situation when I was 18, on adventure tour to Morocco with a well known adventure tour company. Everthing is recalled exactly as it happened.

When I was 18, my brother and I went on holiday to Morocco. It was a week's adventure in four wheel drive vehicles starting and finishing in Marrakesh. We were going to be camping in the desert and we were really looking forward to the whole trip. We had already been camping as guides and scouts so this did not present a problem. We received notification of the other members of the party, a couple of weeks before hand and I was rather dismayed to find out that there were six guys on the trip and only two girls. Me and another girl, named Alison. I knew that this this would make toilet arrangements slightly awkward, so I must admit I worried about this.

We had two really exciting days in Marrakesh and then the adventure started with a long five hour journey to the Todra Gorge. Now although my brother and I went on holiday together, we really didn't get on, so I was going to share a tent with Alison. My brother also rode in different vehicles as did Alison and I. I have to say that we both enjoyed the male attention but I had worried that this was going to make it slightly embarrassing if I needed to go to the loo. I sat in the back seat, in the middle of the Toyata Landcruiser with a good view, with two other guys, including the tour leader, to either side.

Now the first two hours were fine and we eventually stopped for lunch in a small restuarant. We had also stopped at a petrol station and I took the precaution of using a rather disgusting loo. I was wearing a yellow teashirt and a pair of tan coloured cotton shorts.

After lunch I 'made sure', one more time for the afternoon drive as far as the Todra Gorge. Shortly after Ouarzazate we turned off and the roads were less good and getting bumpy. I discovered that the bumps were having a rather disconcerting effect on my bladder, making me feel the need to wee everytime this rather heavily sprung four wheel drive vehicle went into a pot hole. After about two hours we stopped for a break. A couple of the boys including my brother (thankyou very much!!) ran off for a standing wee but there was nowhere to hide and I certainly wasn't going to pull my shorts down and squat in the open with everybody looking. I asked Alison if she needed the loo but she said she was OK.

We set off again.The road was getting bumpier and my need was getting more urgent. I was willing there to be a petrol station or somewhere large enough for there to be public loo or just anywhere really, that I could go. I was terrified that I might just lose control and wet myself sitting between two guys, I didn't really know.I didn't say anything and was sitting upright, biting my bottom lip with my thighs squeezed as tightly together as possible.

Eventually I was courageous enough to overcome my shyness about asking for the loo and whispered to the leader if he could please ask the driver to stop at the next petrol station. After another twenty minutes of agony, we stopped. I was really bursting at this stage, the bumps were doing me no good at all and I was on the verge of wetting my pants.

We pulled in to get petrol. It was a busy little place with a number of little factories, all full of men. The leader had gone to look for a loo and I had got out of the vehicle and was standing, looking everywhere for somewhere to go. I had my legs crossed and I could really feel that my wee right at the last point of leaking into my knickers. You know that stage when without warning, it could come at any moment and there is nothing you can do to stop it. The leader came back and said "I'm sorry Holly, there are no loos at this station, there is another one after about half hours drive from here".

I got back into the vehicle, I was so dissapointed. I just said "Oooh, I REALLY need the loo". I sat in the middle, my knees bouncing together really fast, my hands clenched together pushed down between my legs. We set off again the road was getting bumpier. I begin to feel tears dwelling up in my eyes, I could visualise myself going in my tan shorts and then I realised how obvious it would be. So I held on again, ever so more tightly.In fact, I could have already started to leak and I wouldn't have known. All of a sudden we went over a huge bump that made us all lift off our seats. I let my hands go loose from between my legs. I thought I felt my wee start to leak, then the driver used the windscreen squirter. 

I saw the jet of water. This was the last straw. I just shouted at the top of my voice... STOPPP!!!!!... The driver stopped, the Leader said "Let Holly out quickly or she'll wet herself". I barely managed a few metres from the vehicle, I just yanked down my shorts, exposing my white panties and bum to everybody including the staggered local driver and weed and weed and weed. I wanted it to stop because I was embarrassed but it wouldn't. As I looked down, I could see that the gusset of my panties was very wet and yellow. I had really just made it in time or it would have been disaster!!. Imagine the shame of wetting myself in between two guys, I didn't know in the back of a vehicle!.

As I get got back into the Landcruiser, the leader simply said, "Feeling better Holly?. I said, "Fine.. thankyou". Nothing more was said.

I hope you enjoyed.

Holly x

*002*2011-08-02 15:33

{{ 

Nice story. Glad she at least wet a little bit. ;)

Where did you find it originally?

}}

I don't know. I googled but the story is not online anymore.

I found it in my archive, but without an URLs. Sorry.

