First time doing a live wetting

Author: dunnetahl

*000*2021-04-07 02:42

First time posting a live wetting. Been reading experiences on the forum all day and super horny. Also inspired by the detail described in how the the first few spurts fill your clothes and the way the feeling of warmth spreads throughout as you lose control.

I'm wearing grey panties with black tights over top and some black jeans on top of that. A tank top and a hoodie on top. I've been drinking whiskey and water over the last few hours.

Instead of holding for an extremely long time I've been using a tactic for extreme desperation I read about somewhere that consists essentially of going every hour on the hour to train your body to expect to go after an hour but now I'm denying that relief and getting pretty desperate.

I intend to come back to my apartment completely soaked but would like to naturally lose control on the walk. We will see how far I make it. Just having a last couple drinks while reading some Omo stories before I head out.

It is 10:40

My next post will be while I'm walking after I let out the first few spurts.

At this point there is a mild pain and pressure near the bottom of my bladder and urethra. I want an ease of relief to just leak a little before I start walking but I'm determined to hold it until the walk is underway.

Edit: wearing blue high top converse. One of the pairs of shoes I regularly use for soaking and then coat with baking soda after they dry out to remove and pee smell. But this way I can full enjoy staying wet and wetting in my shoes.

Edit 2: desperation at an 8/10. Just finished the last story and going out for a walk. I can't stand or sit still. Pain and pressure in the bladder is so intense I almost pissed my pants just opening a few more threads to read for when I get home.

Edit 3: just got outside. 1105 it has been raining outside, my favourite weather, between the mildly chill breeze and everything wet outside I'm almost leaking. I'm way more desperate than I thought. Every step is agony. Stopping to post makes holding almost impossible.

*001*2021-04-07 03:09

I think the walking is too much for my bladder to handle. I can feel the first few drops dribble into my panties. The post is a temporary distraction but hitting a red light and don't know if I will make it without a serious leak

Edit: made it across the street but halfway up the next street the serious leaks start coming about 30 seconds apart. 1113

An apple sized damp patch has made its way through my panties and tights and is showing on my black jeans leggings. I want to just let it all go so bad but I also want to see how long I can hold. It feels so much better when I lose control

Edit 2: I made it to a local park. The half dozen or so leaks have started to spread down my legs. Not quite to my knees yet. I'm surrounded by darkness, perfect place to let go completely but I think I have enough relief from the leaks to make it to the next park. Plus I want to challenge myself. Keep y'all posted.

Edit 3: as I exit the park the leaks become too intense. One after another to the point where I can't hold back at all. I make it to a path at the exit of the park but I'm full on wetting my pants at this point. As the warmth fills my legs the liquid drains primarily down my left leg and into my left shoe, soaking my toes.

I take out my phone to update this post, feeling there is still a large amount left in my bladder, I adjust myself so the remainder drains down my right leg and fills my right shoe as I update this post.

Finally my bladder is relaxed. Knowing that my kidneys are still in the middle of filtering more liquid I will continue to the next park and update more as I continue to wet my already soaked jeans. Urine splashing in my shoes in between my toes with every step and the cold breeze against my jeans. Hopefully able to warm myself up more as pee continued to build up and get released into these tights. 1125

*002*2021-04-07 03:30

Another late night walker is about 20 feet in front of me. We crossed paths a couple minutes ago and I went across the street and now he just crossed over onto my side of the street. I feel the urge to pee again. What a rush it would be to wet my pants again with him walking 20 feet in front of me...

Here goes...

Edit: that was a rush and the much needed warmth of fresh piss soaking my legs was welcomed. I made it to the second park. At this point there was so much liquid sloshing between the feet of my tights and my shoes. I leaned up against a tree to empty the liquid from my shoes. It was more arousing then expected to see it drip out of my converse. They were more wet than expected still when I put them back on. Still making my way through the park. 1140

Edit2: Out of the second park and looping back round to my apartment. My legs and feet are freezing. That early spring breeze is colder than expected. Wetting again (probably for the final time on this walk) as I write this post. The warmth was much needed. Will post pictures when I get back home. I tried to take a few while out but it is too dark.

Lol I can hear the sloshing of the piss in my converse through my headphones that I'm listening to music on. Will be a fun public re-entry into my apartment. Oh well

*003*2021-04-07 04:16

Made it home. Legs are freezing. 30 minute walk at 8 degrees Celsius. Took some pictures. I wet 2 more times on the way home just to keep my legs warm. Hope the readers enjoyed this story. Always open to some constructive criticism and hope the pictures help. Have a good night everyone. I'm probably gonna run one out while reading a few more stories on here.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

