A Holding Contest - A Collaboration With The User AceJohnson

Author: Marlee

*000*2019-03-14 04:50

Hello all! I'm so glad my first post on here is doing well! Let's just say today has been a very omo-filled day. I did a hold earlier as I wrote my experience on wetting myself, and almost wet myself again! And tonight my boyfriend and I are trying something new, a holding contest! My boyfriend is a member on here as well. His name is AceJohnson! He's keeping a record of his experience of the holding contest as well, so both sides will be accounted for which is new and fun and fresh!

As anyone who read my first story here knows, I am about 5'8-9ish and skinny, blonde and nothing much special. My boyfriend on the other hand is taller than me, has brown hair, and GORGEOUS green eyes. Like I'm talking show-stopping. If you're interested in how he looks, you can give his side a read. I know he talked about it.

Anywhosie lets jump on into the fun shall we?

So we start at about 7:30. We decide to drink 16 ounces every half an hour. Not so bad right? Yeah. I thought so too. To make things a bit spicier I suggest we have punishment for whoever looses. We decide his will be that he has to edge himself at least once per hour. He isn't aloud to get off at all, and I am aloud to tease him in anyway I'd like. Mine is that I have to edge myself all day, and hold myself right over the edge for five minutes per hour. Yikes.

Something you all don't know about me, and are about to know is that while my bladder may not be huge, I have the will power of a hundred oxen. So though I may not have the advantage physically, boy can I last while desperate.

First half an hour passes and I feel nothing. I don't exactly know what I'm up against here as I've never done a hold with him before. All I know is he is probably better than I am, because hey, it doesn't take much to be better than me, but I'm going to give it a hundred and ten percent. I can't wait to tease him. As we round off to an hour I start feeling the urge and it's big. I scold myself. I've only had thirty two ounces! I get pretty desperate pretty fast. About half an hour later, and poof! Gone!

Someone who knows anatomy please tell me what the deal is because that really isn't cool. I felt so desperate and I don't want to be beat by him! My boyfriend could tell straight away that I was pretty desperate and ready to just go. Of course, even then I was NOT going to give up. I was prepared to stand there, or sit, or lay there, until I wet myself. I'm not prepared to throw in the towel anytime soon.

It's almost two hour in as I'm writing this and the urge is kinda sorta there. Maybe the position I'm in as I write is good, or writing in taking my mind off of things, either way I bet I'm going to win! Okay I hope so at least

Just passed the two hour mark and I kinda have to go a lot more now. I'm here bouncing and can't even sit still. Of course I'm not gonna let Ace know this. He thinks he has this in the bag but I'm willing to be here all night long. As long as it takes. In fact I'm quite looking forward to teasing him tomorrow. Theres just so many options of how to get him turned on. I can hardly sit still but Marlee isn't a quitter! I feel my bladder bulging out right now. He keeps asking me to press down so he can see my face as I do. Although I try to keep myself composed, all I want to do is whine and moan as I press. I'm going to try to just relax myself that way I can last longer than him.

We are about two hours and fifteen minutes in and I can not stop myself from feeling aroused. It definitely doesn't help my situation so I'm trying to think of anything else. Of course having to write about how desperate you are while trying to forget about how desperate you are is pretty hard and stupid if you ask me. So yeah um. While I'd like to say I'm thriving I am going TO LITERALLY BURN IN MY OWN PERSONAL HELL

OKAY TWO HOURS AND TWENTY TWO MINUTES IN SOMEONE HELP ME I'M TELLING HIM THAT I'M CHILL AND NOT DESPERATE BUT LIKE IT'S SO PAINFULLY FUCKING OBVIOUS OH MY GOD I'M GONNA WET MYSELF RIGHT AT THIS MOMENT. RIGHT NOW. OH LORD. HELP HELP HELP

Okay well long story short we're two and a half hours in. As you may be able to tell the last few minutes have been very dramatic for me. Basically I leaked like a lot (this dress that I'm wearing has taken a real beating let me tell you). I have to FUCKING PEE but Ace is so freaking close. The more he moans and groans and gets closer, the more power I get to imagine how absolutely fun it's going to be teasing him. He is so so close and of course he's a good bluff. That's what makes it better. When he gets to the point where he'd beyond being able to bluff then I know I'm in business

I literally just drank more because I want to see him crash and burn. I even drank more than I was supposed to but my goodness I am going to stay calm. I figured out a system if I just walk around my living room, although I'm leaking a little bit every single step, I am also constantly holding myself. Like it's bad. I'm trying to bluff and relax him because the more I get him relaxed, the easier it'll be for him to let go.

I'm so close to a win! I can taste it! He's moaning and groaning and I know that someone like Ace wouldn't just do this to be dramatic. I keep bending over and I walk in circles around my living room. If he doesn't go in the next ten minutes, I will.

Well okay! Long story short, I had him on the phone and he just couldn't hold it. Freaking great timing too. The moment he started going, I felt a warm sensation down my legs, I sprinted (legit sprinting) to the bathroom and slamming the door only to sit and finally feel the sweet relief on the toilet. Thank the lord. I was not about to lose to him but a minutes later and I would've.

Needless to say tomorrow will be very fun!

