Desperate at The Movies

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-12-23 05:45

This happened today in the movie theater. I went to see the prequel to Harry Potter with 3 others friends. But I'm only close to one of them.

We watched for a little bit, and although I assumed I would not like it I did. I'm not into Harry Potter at all, so I was surprised.

The person that is my good friend had lifted up the arm rests and fell asleep because she didn't like it.

The other person to my right had somewhat laid back and also went to sleep because she had already seen it before. (Yes she has this weird habit of going to see the same movie at least 2 times)

And then the other person to my left, I didn't really know too well at all.

I was intrigued by the movie, but my bladder kept calling my name.

At first I felt the small twinges in my bladder, and tried to ignore them. And , fatal mistake, I kept drinking my large soda because concession at movie theaters are expensive and I didn't want to waste it.

Because there weren't too many people there I put my foot up on the arm rest space in front of me, nonchalantly crossing my legs.

The movie kept progressing, slowly. Sometimes I let myself get into it enough to be surprised by the pressure building in my bladder.

At this point there was probably an hour left. That didn't seem like such a long time.

I let the pressure build until it hurt. In private, my desperation is different because I know I can have relief whenever. But being the extremely shy person I am, in public my bladder aches so uncomfortably like Theres fire in it.

I had to quickly cross my legs feet planted on the ground, as I could feel a torrent of pee suddenly behind my urethra.

I gritt down with all my might. Oh gosh, just thirty more minutes. I flexed my thighs, and then would unflex them to keep the feeling. During the un tense moments I had to use the seat as leverage.

I rolled my ankles and fidgeted my legs to keep them from going to sleep.

I suddenly sensed an absence beside me. The girl to my left must have went to the bathroom. Now was my chance. There was no one in the way of the isle and the other two people were asleep.

I stood up using all my might not to publicly hold myself right then.

Then proceeded to power walk out and into the lobby area, that was thankfully deserted.

I made it into a stall less than a minute after standing up.

No latter had locked the stall, I lost a huge squirt as it gushed all over my underwear. I shoved my hand between my legs. Using the other to attempt to unbutton my pants.

But my jeans were tight, too tight. I needed both hands or I needed to suck in a little. Both had extreme risks.

I was not about to piss myself in a freaking bathroom I stamped my feet against the floor.

My hand was the only thing holding my pee back. And my other hand was still fumbling with my button.

"Shit," I muttered.

"You okay?" I recognized the girl I hardly knew from outside my stall.

I tried to say yes, but my resolve was wavering. At this point I was going to have an accident or let this person help me and still risk having one.

I threw open the door, my muscles quivering, one hand still between my legs "I can't get them unbuttoned, they are to tight."

She did a double take, clearly shocked. "Um, uh, okay. Let me try."

She began to undo the button. I whimpered as her fingers pressed against my bladder more dribbling out I scooted my thighs closer together.

"Just a little more. I could feel the button begin to move more as the pressure on my bladder momentarily went through the roof.

In that second the button came undone and I lost all control. I slammed the door shut took the half a step to the toilet while simultaneously pulling everything down.

When it was all over minutes later we never spoke of it again.

- this isn't my only movie desperation I have actually posted about two more in the past.

*002*2016-12-26 04:51

{{On 12/23/2016 at 0:26 AM, Nikeryda said:

Nice story. I always like some good movie desperation. How big of a wet spot was there if you mind me asking?

}}

Not enough to be noticeable, thankfully, but enough for me to feel it.

