Peed Standing up Into my Washing Machine

Author: Averylynn

*000*2018-04-15 20:21

Heey guys, its been some time since I posted on here, but like a minute ago I finally fulfilled a fantasy that's been at the back of my mind for quite some time. A few months ago, my washing machine broke, so my landlord replaced it with one of those washing machines that you load in the front instead of on top, and ever since I've been wanting to try peeing in it so badly, but I just kept talking myself out of it. But since we're moving at the end of this month I decided that if I didn't go for it now, I probably wont have another chance like this for quite some time.

Little bit of a description of me, I'm 21 and only about 5'3" I have red hair thats about shoulder length now, and at least I like to think I have a nice body. I've been working out for the last couple of months, so I dont really have much in the chest department anymore, but at least my butt looks nice now. All I was wearing was my TMNT onesie (which, sexy, I know right haha)

Anyways, my morning started off pretty chill, woke up at 7:30 wanting to do something fun. I love peeing in unconventional places, and its been a while since I've done anything really interesting, and lately the washing machine has been calling to me so much that I decided I was finally going to answer that call. As soon as my partner left for work I went about my normal morning, made a cup of coffee and started my workout. When I was done I drank a bottle of water, poured myself another cup of coffee, and went out to have some tokes.

I was outside for at least a good half hour and in that time I didnt feel the need to pee like at all, like I was pretty high, but nothing. So when I came inside I grabbed another glass of water and decided to watch some tv until I started feeling something. From time to time I'd feel the small need to pee but nothing more than a 3 or 4. I started to feel slightly annoyed about it as I sat there. Like I dont like water I only drink it when I work out, and its taken me a while to get to the point where I can drink 2 glasses afterwards without hating everything, but here I was having drank a bottle and a glass of water and I hardly felt anything. I didnt want to drink pop or juice so early but I rationed with myself I'll make a smoothie when the show was over.

When the show ended my state had stayed the same. The second I stood up I felt the weight of my bladder, and my desperation skyrocketed to an 8 and suddenly it was very noticeably and hard to stand up. Like usual I wanted to give in and just use the toilet like a normal person, but I decided if I was going to that I might as well start the laundry. I opened my laundry room door, and right away lost a couple of spurts and I knew that I wouldnt be able to hold it for much longer. It was now or never, and I figured even if I didnt actually pee in the washer, I would wet myself before I started it. I undid my onesie and stepped out of it, leaving it on the stairs. the room itself is tiny, and theres only 5 stairs total but I was loosing more and more every step I took, it was agony. I couldnt believe how suddenly it took over me. I shoved one hand between my legs and used the other one to grab a towel and hastily put it on the floor in front of the washer.

Now came the real test. I didnt realize how awkward it would be with the size of the laundry room. I first thought if I stood with my legs apart I'd be able to do it, but if I did that the hot water heater was against my back. My bladder wasnt giving me time to make these decisions though, still steadily leaking every couple seconds. I was worried that throwing my leg over the washing machine door I'd be to high up to actually get any in the washing machine, but as it stood I was going to have a mess on the floor to clean up anyways. So I Put my leg awkwardly over the door, and as soon as I did I couldn't hold back anymore and I just started peeing.

I got a lot of my leg, and a bunch on the front of the washing machine but after a bit of adjusting most of my pee was shooting straight in making a loud metalic clang. I lasted about 30 seconds, afterwhich I cleaned myself and the washer off, and proceeded to start a loud of laundry

*002*2018-04-18 21:37

Thank youu ^.^ It was basically just like me trying to bend my legs enough but not to much, and like spreading the one on the floor out more, I learnt (mostly) how to pee standing up a couple years ago so theres never much adjusting that way needed haha

And yeah I know that but like I went from a D cup to a small B in like two months so it's easy to be slightly disappointed by that (though I guess that's what happens when you decide to get healthy haha)

