Pee holding in a date

Author: Ally98

*000*2016-12-10 23:03

I'm into omorashi (obviously) but my boyfriend knows nothing about it. I've always been afraid to tell him about it, and all this time in our relationship we've never done anything related to it. There was one time when I was stuck with a bursting bladder and I had to hold my pee in front of him, but that was the only time and we had only just begun our relationship back then, so I felt more shy than pleasured during the whole thing. In our dates I've always been careful to empty my bladder. I have a really strange personality in that I get shy really really easily (ugh it's more of a disability sometimes) and as much as I like omorashi, I couldn't bring myself to hold my pee in front of him. But I was careless last night.

We were out on a date again :) here in Australia the weather is getting hot, and so I drank a lot. We were having dinner and I could feel my bladder filling up quick. I knew I had to pee soon if I were to avoid embarrassing myself in front of him. I looked around from where we sat for signs to the toilet but I couldn't find any. I squeezed my legs tightly together and tried to look calm (I hope I did). I needed to pee pretty badly. I made an effort to squirm silently but to keep my body motionless. Don't know why. but moving a bit helps hold the pee in. When we were leaving the restaurant I took an extra few peeks for signs to the toilet but I couldn't find any. I was too shy to ask the staff for directions (yes I know I'm a girl with strange feelings XD ). But I was still confident I could find a toilet someplace else.

Michael said he wanted to go for a walk and I acquiesced. It was a fine and cloudless night, but all I cared about was finding a toilet. There was a mini carnival of some sort near where we were. There was a performance going on and we sat down to watch. It was the last thing I wanted to do, I really wanted to look for toilets but I didn't want to go against my bf's decision. I crossed my legs as tightly as not to seem suspicious, and I was lucky for my habit of wearing skirts since it made it a lot more natural to cross my legs. 

I put my handbag on my lap and pressed the corner down onto my vagina. I almost shuddered from the momentary relief it gave me. The performance went on for a while and I managed to hold myself with the help of my handbag. I placed as much weight on my bag as possible to the point it almost startedto hurt. But my bladder was filling fast. I was bursting by the time the performance ended. I stood up and had to walk with my waist bent. My bf asked me if I was alright and I instinctively blushed. I felt my face grow hot and I told him my legs were cramped from sitting too long.

We walked on as I was rallying my courage to tell him I had to pee so we could find the toilets. That's when my bf pointed to the Ferris wheel and suggested we take a ride on it. I wanted to say no of course. But the only reason for that was because I really had to pee. My 'no' came out as a mumble and ended up as a nod. A sign read '1 minute' down the Ferris wheel and I figured I could just manage to hold it for another minute.

We went inside a tiny compartment. Now I was stuck with a new challenge of controlling my full bladder while sitting directly in front of my bf and pretending I didn't have to pee. My bf seemed to enjoy our time together stuffed inside our tiny cell and I felt suddenly really shy for the way he looked at me. I was worried he might see something wrong with me. Just when I was going over my worries, the Ferris wheel stopped. I gasped. A drop of pee gushed out and I had to forcibly hold it back. I asked my bf whether there was something wrong and he said the Ferris wheel would stop for a couple of minutes every quarter of a circle. I then realised to my horror the '1 minute' sign referred to the waiting time. I was so stupid! The Ferris wheel was pretty big and it was definitely impossible for it to complete a spin in just a minute. I knew I was caught in a true predicament. My bf noticed something was wrong, and he asked me frankly,

(I have really good memory and what I'm quoting here I'm pretty certain were the exact words :) )

"You're blushing so much again, I'm sorry if you didn't want to be with me in here for so long."

He sounded a little worried like he'd offended me somehow. I didn't know whether I should admit I was about to pee myself. I just shook my head and avoided his eyes.

"There's nothing to feel shy about, it's just a ride on a Ferris wheel."

I had to admit it, I had no choice. I told him I was bursting to pee and I had been holding it ever since dinner. I felt so embarrassed telling him this, like I was caught doing something I shouldn't. Gosh I really wish I were a bit braver, I hate being shy.

My bf tried to comfort me but I was really at my limit. I held myself freely now that there was no need to hide. I pinched my vagina hard and I gasped from the relief. My bf was watching me and I realised I was basically lifting my skirt for him to see. He saw the look on my face and looked away but I saw him peeking all the same. I was shy, but part of me wanted him to see (gosh I can't believe I'm admitting this)

5 long minutes passed and I was literally bouncing on my seat. The stupid wheel still wasn't moving. Out of despair I said 'why won't it move?' And it actually started moving. It reached the top and stopped again. I started crying. I knew I was going to pee myself.

Out of his bag my bf pulled out an empty bottle and told me I could pee in it. It was a plastic one and I was really unsure whether a girl could properly aim her pee into such a small hole. But anything was better than peeing myself. I nodded. Before I could protest he reached over and pulled my panties down. (Ok getting a bit inappropriate, hope you don't find it awkward) he pushed the mouth of the bottle against my vagina. I felt my whole body turn to jelly. I peed and eventually filled the bottle. I couldn't stop myself and kept peeing once the bottle was filled, but it wasn't too much to make too big a mess. My bf pulled out a tissue and started to wiped my legs. Before I realised he wiped my vagina (don't think it's right to describe what he did on this page but let's just say he played with me for a while)

So that ended my first true omorashi experience with my bf. It was nothing like what we've done before. Afterwards he asked me why I held my pee instead of finding the toilets and I told him I was too shy to ask. He laughed and I laughed as well, even when I was embarrassed to death after what happened. He sent me home and before he left, he told me I looked really cute :) when I had to pee. I blushed and looked away. I couldn't stand to look him in the eyes. Part of me wants to admit I kind of liked it but yet I was still too afraid to admit it.

I hope I'm not tiring you with all this indecisiveness, but I really don't know what I should do. Should I tell him? What should I say? It just seems so strange for a girl to admit to a guy she likes to hold her pee! (Sorry if I sound a bit conservative)

*007*2016-12-12 09:48

{{17 hours ago, wettingman said:

So while I definitely not get all excited and go all in like bulge_lover suggested but work into it at a comfortable pace. I sincerely wish you the best of luck and hope he is into omorashi too. I would love to be in his place.

}}

Awww you're so kind, thanks :)

*014*2016-12-15 09:36

{{On 12/13/2016 at 9:45 PM, Fred46888 said:

From what I have gathered at other sites, I think it's not uncommon for one or the other of a couple to be embarrassed about needing to pee on a date early in the relationship.

}}

Well I sure was XD

