New Job, New Opportunities

Author: scinosensation

*000*2020-11-29 06:01

I moved to New York City to a new job. My new boss had invited me to stay with her, her husband, and 6 year old daughter. I did notice that the 6 year old wet her pants often and seemed to think nothing of it but objected when her father ridiculed her. The 6 year old girl wetting did nothing for me except to wonder why she wasn’t better potty trained. The big thing was when my boss, her husband and I went to a big concert in Central Park. The concert ended and we started the way back. We were just at the edge of the park. 

My boss said to her husband and me that “I pissed my pants” indeed her light colored pants showed her wet butt, wet crotch and wet streaks dow her legs. We got home and the baby sitter told us her daughter had fallen asleep and wet herself on the couch I slept on. The couch was rearranged so I had a dry place to sleep. On Monday we went to work and the assistant my age asked how my boss liked the concert. She said she really liked it and she wet her pants. Seeing her with wet pants then hearing her brag about it were very serious triggers fo me but I was in a new job in a new place and had to give up omorashi.

I had been there about a month when a young woman came to me to show a thing she had done using a technique of which I was one of three coinventers. Somehow we had dinner together and she invited me to her place. I stayed the night and for the first time in my life had sex without the anxiety that had always hampered me. A few days later I moved into her place. All my stuff was at my parents place 1000 miles away. I flew there, loaded up the small car I had left there and drove all day. I was on the west side of New Jersey and stopped at a rest stop. I got out and had to pee very very badly. I felt a release and did all I could to stop it. I did and I had a wet patch in my undies that did not show. I released what I hoped was enough pressure to get to New York. 

A few miles later I filled up with gas and bought a drink. I got to to the George Washington Bridge where several lanes merged into 2. The guys next to me made it clear they were going ahead of me. My bladder made itself known and I was seriously afraid my plan was going to be short circuited and I would have to clean my car seat. Somehow I kept control. I missed the right turnoff but got one that kept me in Manhattan. I managed to get to my block and somehow found a place to park. My plan was to get all my stuff into the apartment and with the last load get it into the apartment and have an “accident”. However she had prepared a spectacular meal and I chickened out. In retrospect I wished I had not chickened out.

A week or so later she took me to an off-off-off Broadway show. It was an hour each way by subway. The subway stop was 5 blocks from our apartment. When we got back about 4 hours later instead of going to the apartment she walked 4 blocks out of our way to her favorite ice cream store where we sat for 20-30 minutes eating ice cream. Then we walked toward our apartment. We stopped at one of the street side stores. She wandered around a while. I saw the infant/toddler supplies including the plastic panties and toddler diapers.

I also saw the beer including a brand I had never seen before but she knew. She eventually picked up some small cans of a dish I didn’t know about but was certain I would like. Finally we left and walked to our apartment building. We took the elevator to the 12th floor with stops. I noticed nothing notable about her. We got to our apartment and I got out the key when she said “hurry” I fumbled with the keys and dropped them. I did delay as long as I could without being obvious.

She said ”HURRY” I got the door unlocked and she almost pushed me out of the way as she dashed into the bathroom. The toilet flushed then the sink ran for several minutes and she finally came out. I went in and peed and came back out. She had opened one of the cans and I did indeed like it as much as I expected. We got ready for bed. I noticed she was wearing different panties than she had worn that day. Once in bed I talked to her about her apparent sudden need for the bathroom. I asked her if she knew when we got off the subway. She said of course she did. I asked why we didn’t go straight to the apartment then go to those places. She said we were already out and she wanted to do those things, and didn’t I like what she had bought. 

I said I certainly did. I asked her how long she had to go as bad as she did when we got to our apartment. She said before we got to the store. I then asked her the critical question: she was wearing a skirt so if she had to go so bad why didn’t she just wet her pants as we walked home. Her answer was very striking to me: she said she was afraid of what I would think of her. Nothing about people didn’t wet their pants, she was too old to wet her pants, etc. only what would I think of her. I told her it would not have bothered me. In fact before her more of my girlfriends had wet their pants than girlfriends who had not. I told her that I did whatever they wanted as I comforted them and had she wet her pants I would have the same with her. I was convinced that she had wet her pants because of how long she was in the bathroom and she had changed panties while I was in the bathroom. She was adamant that she had not.

*002*2020-11-30 14:15

{{7 hours ago, PipiTiger_Frank said:

Hmmm...intersting. Do you have any idea why your boss peed her pants, I mean do you think, she has a bladder issue....or was it rather a bit on purpose? Obvoiusly she die openly communicate about it?

}}

During the 22 months I worked for her she wet her pants 4 times, as we were leaving the concert, once over lunch while engaged in an extra-marital affair, once at a party while high on pot and once in her office after a a big fight with her husband when she seemed despondent. I can’t identify the reason but it seemed to me it just wasn’t a big thing with her. The way she talked about it after the concert and after the party she may have enjoyed doing it so I can’t rule out some element of doing it on purpose.

*005*2020-11-30 18:24

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

Interesting story . Does she know about your fetish ? Your questions seem a dead giveaway , but then again I share the fetish.

}}

I assume you are referring to my new girlfriend. She didn’t act like she caught on; in fact she acted as if she bought into my mythology of less than perfect bladder control. Stay tuned for more. 21 years later she revealed that she found it repulsive, after I had a spinal cord injury that abolished control.

{{1 hour ago, PipiTiger_Frank said:

Sounds hot,.... having a pants wetting lady boss... :-). How old is she? And what was she waering when it happened?

}}

She was a few years older than me; I don’t know how many exactly but probably 3 or 4 years older. She wore slacks to the concert and two other times she wet her pants at work. The day of her lunchtime wetting she was also wearing a very long blouse that could have been worn as a short dress; she came back from lunch without her slacks but I never saw whether she was still wearing panties. When she wore skirts I would usually see her panties sometime during the day I would see her panties. Her panties were usually a color that contrasted with the color of her skirt.

*006*2020-11-30 23:39

{{7 hours ago, wettingman said:

Interesting story . Does she know about your fetish ? Your questions seem a dead giveaway , but then again I share the fetish.

}}

In case you were asking about my boss I did everything I could to keep my fetish hidden from my boss; I didn’t want to do anything to inhibit her from telling us about her wetting her pants.

