The time I peed in the drain of the bathroom at a pool

Author: astralis

*000*2021-03-07 04:42

In 2017, my friend and I went swimming at the pool where our family had a membership. We had the whole area to ourselves and stayed there for several hours without any other guests or lifeguards ever coming on the property. (Later, this turned out to be because the pool was technically closed that day, but someone had left both gates open and unlocked, so we had no idea. Someone ended up seeing us on security cameras and sending the police to make us leave, which was.... fucking ridiculous, but not the point here!)

Anyway, my friend knew about my fetish but didn't share it and didn't seem to really "get" it, so I rarely if ever brought it up. That day, though, as we were getting out of the pool to dry off, I noticed my bladder feeling pretty full. I hadn't really been expecting to need to go, but as I got out of the water the pressure increased and I remember thinking, there's no way I'm going to make it home. I told my friend I needed to piss and she gave me this knowing look. I just rolled my eyes at her and went into the bathroom. I started to just go into a stall but then I saw the drain in the floor and paused. 

When I was younger I had a recurring dream of peeing into a drain – anywhere, a shower or at a public building. I'd never been able to fulfill this desire but that day since there wasn't anyone else at the pool, and the bathroom floor was wet anyway, and I really needed to go, I just..... went. I spread my legs over the drain and pissed into it. I don't think I even bothered taking my suit bottom off. You know that feeling when you're not quite at a 10/10 but you have to go bad enough that releasing feels really, really good anyway? It was like that. I went for a while, I wasn't in the habit of timing myself but I'd guess maybe 15 seconds. Then I walked back out and told my friend what I'd done. She thought it was hilarious and congratulated me on being able to do something with my kink. And I felt really good, knowing my legs and suit bottom weren't damp with just pool water, and that my bladder wasn't pressing so hard anymore.

*002*2021-03-07 21:42

{{7 hours ago, Viralwolfe13 said:

Very nice and a great experience to share. I love the fact you used the drain in the room instead of just wetting on the toilet. Might have to try that. I usually either wet on the toilet or ne a right cheeky whippet and pee in the pool. But wetting over the floor drain is a little different and certainly an interesting twist to me

}}

I was always too scared to pee in the pool because I kept thinking of how then I and other people would be swimming in my own pee, lol. But from what I've seen on this site apparently it's quite a common occurrence so I should probably take advantage someday when things are back to normal. I definitely would suggest you try out wetting over the drain if you ever get the chance; just watching your pee splash out and run into the little holes, and the echoing sound it makes.... idk. It's really special.

*005*2021-03-08 08:53

{{2 hours ago, Bull said:

Hehe nothing better than being naughty & peeing in places like that…

}}

100% agree, friend

{{1 hour ago, alexthebest2 said:

Thank you so much for sharing! What I find really interesting is how your friend knows about your fetish, and does she ever indulge you with it?

}}

No, she was never into it and didn't really understand it, so I tried not to bring it up too much because I never wanted to make her uncomfortable. We aren't friends anymore either for unrelated reasons.

