Ashi's Pissventures (Part 1)

Author: Ashi

*000*2017-06-29 22:32

In the past fortnight I've been way more active in partaking in holding and similar activities. I think I've had about 5 hold-until-wet experiences and a few cute holding scenarios. Those have become a blur of lewdness and bliss so unfortunately I don't think I could write about any of it in much detail as they fade in and out of one another...

But to get to the absolutely fantastic experience I had the other day I think I'll have to set the 'scene' as it were. It's my first full shift back at work after having a fortnight off, I'm in a store that sells phones and I'm working with a really laid back guy. I'm pretty much in charge so I have to take care of important things... but today was exceptionally quiet. My uniform is a polo t-shirt which comes down just slightly longer than average, a pair of black leggings and some boxers underneath. (Don't judge, they're comfy as fuck! haha)

I had been speaking via Slack to @Max Capacity but for future reference he may be called Sir during this story. :3

We had been talking a little at the start of the morning, and he very kindly reminded me that I need to be drinking waaay more, especially in the warm weather. So I grabbed two 750ml bottles of water before work and headed in. I sipped through the first as and when I needed, finishing off the bottle with a little reminder from Sir around lunch time.

Had a busy spell at work with a few people, and in that time I'd drunk most of the second bottle. By this time I was unable to sit still, I had started subconsciously bouncing my feet for relief and it wasn't until I got another message from Max, saying that if I held the rest of my shift, managed to get home AND have a shower without going I could have a sixty second window to go.

Despite the fact I knew that if I got as far as the shower I wouldn't be able to go any further, it seemed like a fair deal and I consumed the rest of the second bottle and took a quick break to grab another cold bottle from a store nearby. It wasn't until I was walking back to my store that I could feel the -pressure- in my bladder. If it were a normal day I would have definitely gone a while back, but it was turning out to be a pretty fun and eventful day from the conversations I was having on Slack.

It came to latter end of my work day and I had a few things to do. Namely, heave a tote of phone accessories out the back and get them put up around the store. As I organised the items I could feel myself starting to sweat I needed to go so, sooo bad. I had to pause and catch my breath for a few moments. I then attempted to put some stuff out on higher shelves. Normally this wouldn't be an issue, just short girl problems! However as I stood on my tiptoes I could feel the contents of my bladder sloshing x///x !! This threw so much doubt into my mind, would I genuinely have an accident in public for something that was intended to be behind closed doors??

Without condensing the story down too much, Max had given me permission to go at work before the store closed, on the proviso he could take me and tell me when I could actually go. (on Skype!) However the back of my store is awfully quiet and you can hear -everything- from the bathroom, so I had to turn down my one chance of being able to go for fear of being noisy, and outing any form of lewdness at work scared me off my one chance.

I got the last of my work done, the clock hit 7pm and I headed to my bus stop with a bit of difficulty. I had a twenty minute wait for my bus, and then a five minute walk to get home. When I got to the stop I also started getting messages from my dear @Zest

, asking what time I was going to get home from, with teasing that I was absolutely banned from toilets until I assisted him in certain... Things. >_>

As I was responding to Zest, I had a Skype call from Sir, the promise of distracting me from feeling awkward squirming infront of a guy taking up the bench at the bus stop was very tempting. So I answered the call. Waiting for the bus was terribly difficult. I'd gone from mostly sitting at work to standing up straight, I ended up hiding behind an advertisement board at the bus stop as I squirmed and did the most embarrassing pee-dance.

I had Max Whispering down my earpiece about how easy it would be to just let go, how I could shower the concrete below with a hot stream of piss... My bus was late, and it was almost like I was in some horrible, but unbelievably hot desperation flick. My thighs and ass cheeks were aching from clenching to hold back the sheer torrent I had held in alllll day, and the comments making me laugh and feel embarrassed only served to fuel my desperation even moreso.

So, the bus turns up and I hurry on and try sit in a not so busy place. All the while I have Sir whispering many lewd things in my ear and I had to retrain myself from breathing hard or sounding any way lewd in my nervous responses. It was quite hot and I could feel myself getting more and more flustered as the thought of pissing the seat was almost going to be a genuine option, the bus bumping and causing discomfort to my bladder almost like an excuse.

As soon as I jumped off the bus I walked at a very brisk pace, with a little voice in my ear chiding and teasing, telling me how I wasn't going to make it. When I was out of earshot of anyone in public I reeled my responses to Sir on the other end of my headphones for all the time I couldn't speak on the bus.

"I don't think Ashi's going to make it home, you should stop right there..."

"I-I will... oh fuck I'm going to piss myself... nnngh"

A wave of relief hit me as I saw my house and I had to grasp at my leggings to contain myself as I hurried along. At this point I had ignored Sirs requests for me to stand still and it wasn't until I heard his stern voice tell me to stop (leaving me stood in my drive) that I finally came to a stop.

Sir then cooly told me to slowly count to ten (which I most definitely counted as fast as I could)... I caught a glimpse of Zest looking out our window and down at me with a smirk, filling me with embarrassment. As soon as Sir's voice echoed the word ten I -ran- for my front door.

Door, shut. Shoes, off. I clambered up my stairs, to the third floor completely absorbed into the task I had at hand. I ignored the fact I had disturbed house mates on the lower floors and ran into my bedroom. Zest had taken the ensuite hostage and I collapsed at the door in absolute exhaustion. With Sir on the other end of the phone already scheming things, I shrugged my bag off and begged both Zest and Max to be allowed to go, kneeling at the door.

After a short delay of thought I was granted access on the condition of obeying orders. The first thing I was ordered to do to stand on the tile floor - still in work uniform - and hold it whilst relaxing as much as I could.

LET ME TELL YOU, as desperate as I was, having -two- people witnessing such an ordeal gave my bladder some sort of new found glory on being able to hold back! The embarrassment and 'stage fright' made me manage to hold for a little while longer. >_> After much whining and panting, I managed to settle down from the excitement/embarrassment and got to relaxing. I had Sir on skype instructing me to breathe in and out with him as I had Zest gently padding at my bladder.

After a few moments of lasting, the next instructions I had was to turn the shower on. There are few things that set me off when I really have to pee, and one thing is the sound of running water...

I was granted permission to leak and surely enough the floodgates opened. The sensation of the hot piss flowing down my legs was quite a blissful feeling, the patch wrapped around my thighs and then trailed down my inner legs, meeting back at the pale yellow puddle that had formed between my legs. I could do nothing but pant in delight until an abrupt "Stop now." in Sir's stern voice echoed out of my phone. It was a looot more than just a leak!

After embarrassing examinations from Zest, I was then ordered by Max to sit on the toilet, but I wasn't allowed to go until he said. (You can see the pattern here! :V)

At first, sitting down felt more comfortable standing, then another wave hit me and sent pee-shivers down my spine. I was rocking back and forth, legs fidgeting as I held back, having already had a taste of release I was struggling to even think straight. I felt this intense sensation as I rocked forwards and suddenly I had no control of myself anymore.

I could do nothing but whimper as I heard Max sternly telling me to -stop-, and Zest looking at me with a quirked brow at the fact I was struggling. I clenched everything I could and managed to slow the stream down to a few spurts, and dribble slower and slower, coming to a halt. Zest also telling me to stop may have aidied a little...

It didn't last for long though, I think I may have managed to hold it back ten or so seconds before I truly couldn't hold any longer. I ground my thighs together trying hard to hold back. Short of breath I could only muster up the word 'Sorry' as I could suddenly feel hot piss spreading through my leggings I still had on and stream down into the toilet. I could feel myself turn bright red as I panted and listened to my pee trickling into the bowl below.

With Max and Zest telling me to stop, I could do nothing but breathe out apologies as I felt the waves of relief wash over me, my aching bladder screaming at me for having made it hold back for so long, it had completely refused me any form of control over myself.

"Little Girl couldn't hold back?"

As the embarrassment washed over me, we brought the skype call to an end and I began cleaning up the mess I'd made of my work uniform and my en-suite.

Apologies for the wall of text, I just figured I'd be as descriptive as I could because it was a fantastic experience = w= I didn't consider taking photos but I'll definitely consider it in future pissventures~ Will more than likely be posting more experiences up as I have them, so I'm classing this as my "Part One"!

*004*2017-06-30 10:25

Oh gosh, I can't begin to tell you how nice it is to hear it was written well ;w; I am terrible when it comes to words and grammar, often end up repeating myself/phrases. So I'm glad it wasn't terrible! haha.

It was a very fun experience = w= I hope to share more soon! <3

