Last night's bedwetting

Author: Dunney

*000*2018-02-28 03:34

I've been dry for a while, as I had people around and had some meetings and other activities, and I don't want to turn up smelling of pee. However, the need to wet my bed built up, and last night I had an opportunity. I'm not going anywhere today.

I tanked up with several glasses of water, and put the top plastic sheet on my bed. I keep the bottom one on permanently, as I often want to wet when I wake up with a full bladder, even if I haven't gone to bed with one. This time, I knew I was going to drench myself, so on went the top sheet. I dived into bed and pissed. The piss flowed warmly over my thighs, and I settled down to relax in the puddle. Sleep came fairly quickly. I don't have anyone to keep me awake.

In the morning, I let go my morning bladder, and lay there enjoying the wetness. After a while, I peed again, this time over my belly and down my flanks. I felt it trickling up and tickling my armpits. I let my penis lie, and let 3 or 4 more squirts out, over my belly, splashing straight into the puddle, or wherever the pee wanted to go. I masturbated, of course, and lay in the puddle, splashing it over myself in sheer bliss. I didn't rush to get out of bed. I knelt in the puddle and splashed more piss over myself for a while.

For the benefit of those people thinking of starting bedwetting, I finally got out of bed at 10:10 this morning. If you're going to wet your bed, you need plenty of time in the morning.

