I had an accident on Saturday

Author: Xpgames

*000*2020-01-15 09:39

Last Saturday, I took my little guy to see the closing of the Winter Light Festival and fireworks. In anticipation of a large crowd. I drove to the train station closest to my house to ensure easy parking and took the train a few stops to the park. As expected, the line to get into the park was quite long and it took almost a half hour to get in. Thankfully was dressed for some colder weather... dark jeans, warm socks, big winter coat. Although it wasn’t that cold, it seemed like the smart choice...

Upon entry, we walked around and were quite impressed with the lights. They really did a good job. Maybe will attach a couple of those photos too. What was not impressive was the lines for food and drinks... it took approximately 25 minutes to get a bratwurst and another 20 minutes to get a beer and some Fanta. After finishing our food and drinks, we walked around for about an hour waiting for the fireworks to start. Luckily we found a stand that served refreshments with a line that was manageable. It was especially short when the fireworks started lol because I had a short drive later in the evening, I limited my consumption to 2 beers. The lights and fireworks were very impressive, so I ended up forgetting about the annoyance of the long lines from earlier.

Anyways, toward the end, my son was more than tired and I carried him all the way across the huge park on my shoulders ... We made it to the train with about a 15 minute wait... I obviously had to pee at this point and the train station started to fill. I had to either hold it or wait another 40 minutes. I decided to hold it. A tired kid and an extra 40 minutes was not happening !

Given my luck and super tiny bladder, I was nervous. I definitely did not want to pee myself!! However I had dark gray jeans and a big jacket as backup... proper planning I thought... the train was quite full, but we only had like 3 stops! I bit my lip and started to think that I might not make it...

Somehow i made it to the car but I was REALLY desperate! Then my kid fell asleep! Damn!!! I could either leave him in the car on the street while I ran inside to pee OR be responsible, hold it, and carry him inside... I of course carried him to the house and thankfully he woke up because I was at a 9.99 and starting to have an accident. Hahahahaha I was trying sooo hard to hold on too!!!

I set him down, unlocked the front door, kicked my shoes off and ran to bathroom (big jacket still on), shut and locked door .... but that was it, I started peeing my pants and couldn’t stop! Right in front of the toilet!!! Huge puddle at my feet and all!!! While my kid was knocking on the door “Papa!! Papa!!???”” I was like OMFG that did not just happen!

To make matters worse I didn’t have a change of clothes and used my shower towel to clean the puddle!! So...I stripped down naked from waist down and stepped out of the bathroom (wet pee pants, boxers and socks in my hand with my coat draped over my arm) only to find my son standing there to ask “Papa why are you dressed so funny?” damn it BUSTED

Of course I had to take a couple photos ... As embarrassing/ shameful as it is, it’s always exciting later... and definitely fun to write about and share! Btw, the jeans were definitely not dark enough to hide ANYTHING

$$

$$

$$

*002*2020-01-16 06:10

{{11 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Nice account! I really experience proximity desperation so can relate to your experience!!

}}

Ha! I assumed that I want the only one!

