Valeri's desperate day adventure

Author: Valeri night

*000*2018-06-26 14:33

Hello everyone, and welcome to Valeri's first ever exciting and totally embarrassing to write may I add, omorashi based day of adventure! It's pretty simple, I'm going to go through my normal day, living my life as I would on my day off except we are gonna add a slight change to it. A very embarrassing and hopefully wet change, the rules will be simple, I the lovable and great protagonist of this story will take recommendations from you! The equally amazing people who will most likely make me very wet and, very crazy by the end of this. I will make updates as the day goes on and with each update I will let you know my current situation and level of desperation. Hopefully with every post I will have some detailed and hopefully wet and embarrassing story to go with it.

Before we get into the thick of it I do want to give you a little description of who I am and what I look like. People call me Val, and I am a slightly smaller than average girl. I live in an apartment with my one female roommate, we have a small apartment with 2 bedrooms but only one bathroom (secretly my favorite part), there is a small living room and a respectable kitchen that I love to cook in. we live on the third floor with a "lovely" view of a small street and further out a plaza that has a couple stores and such. I am about 5'4 so about average in height, with silver hair that has slightly faded now so it's more like a platinum, I have a smaller bottom that I think is cute and still decently toned still from high school gym, with a modest breast size that is just a little B cup.

As I am writing this I am currently wearing my pajamas, which doesn't mean to much just a thin shirt and some super comfy Striped pants. As for some more personal things I also want to mention that there are a few things that i'm into, (kinks some would say) that may be able to help you with recommendations of how I should spend my day. I am extremely shy, like no joke this is making my heart beat crazy and we haven't even started yet so be nice with me, if I think your request is too embarrassing or something that I can't handle then I won't do it, I will try to branch out and do new things though as that is kinda the point of this. As for kinks as i'm sure you know from me being on this site I do enjoy holding and desperation so stuff like that is bound to happen today, on the other hand I have never fully wet myself in public just small leaks and hella close calls on my part, Although I have purposely wet myself inside.

So besides omorashi I do enjoy a little Exhibitionism, like not wearing panties outside and wearing a skirt anyways. or just not wearing a bra out such and such. I also enjoy light bondage (what girl doesn't) so I've got my little fuzzy cuffs and rope which allows me some fun light self bondage, nothing crazy enough that I've needed help to get out of yet. Those are the main kinks i'm into but of course humiliation and embarrassment are lots of fun too.(why else would I be doing this). That's about all you probably need to know for now, i'm kinda jiggling in my chair while i'm typing this part up right now and I've got a bottle of water that i'm struggling to get down for now, so i'm sure i'll be plenty desperate when I wake up in a couple hours to get this started. As soon as i wake up I will start typing out the next part with my full bladder and explain the start of my day of desperation.

*002*2018-06-26 19:42

Early morning, Valeri's bedroom .

My alarm didn't wake me up this time, It was more of an internal alarm. A very desperate alarm, you know those few brief moments of unknowing when you wake up, that blissful moment of "yaaaawn" when you stretch out of bed ready for the new day. It didn't last long my bladder instantly pinged for relief and I grabbed myself out of instant, after a moment I realized that while it was bad it was game over yet. after a moment of bouncing in my bed I got up and grabbed my laptop, fully knowing that I had some typing and holding to start doing. I would say my bladder was at about a 6/10 when I woke up from it, it felt like a seven maybe even an eight but that was because I hadn't expected it at the time.

Grabbing my phone it said it was 7:43 so it was way earlier than I normally wake up, normally being 12:00 or even 1:00 so this was super early for me. I can't imagine how desperate I would of been in a couple more hours. Now that I had my senses about me I opened my laptop to begin typing everything out into my notepad so I wouldn't lose it or forget anything that happens as I woke up. After typing the first few parts of my morning start I headed into the bathroom to see a mess of a person, still wearing my t-shirt and comfy striped pants. My hair was a little messy and I should probably shower but I put that off and started brushing my teeth, looking over the the right at the toilet my bladder whined and i started tapping my feet. Not looking back I finished brushing my teeth and left the bathroom heading out to feed my cat.

By the way we have two cats I somehow forgot to mention in the first part, brother and sister black and white cats. I own the female and my roommate owns the male, as I feed them they run over to me and shove their faces into my hands as i pour the food into the bowl. I notice that they need more water, "of course they need more water" I think to myself and hop over to the sink where I pour out probably the most trickling sounding water I have ever heard. Shooting a look at the cats as I put there bowl of water down I grab myself a little and move over to my roommate's door, putting my ear to the door I assume that she isn't awake due to the fact i don't hear anything from the room.

Let me pause for a second and explain my roommate real quick, If I am the basic package when you buy a video game she is the super overpriced online only deluxe edition that everyone wants. This girl is a couple inches taller than me maybe 5'6 or something like that, brunette with a more than ample breast size that I don't know the exact size of and an ass that even I check out every now and then when she wears something short or tight. Not to mention she seems super pure compared to my lewd lazy self who hides inside being antisocial.

We hang out every once and awhile either when she forces me to go shopping or when we play a card game or board game, we've only been living together for about six months but I've learnt most basic things about her, like how shes going to college and she enjoys animals and she loves the outside blah, blah, blah, anyway she doesn't know much about me (hint cuz im shy) and she definitely knows nothing about my fetishes, although her innocence gives me such pleasure when i'm desperate around her and she asks me "what's wrong val you're practically hopping in your seat". You'd think she would realize but nooooo she's just to adorable. hehe we should definitely try and hang out with her today though while doing this it'll be great storytelling, now back to my morning.

After moving back to my room now with a cat sitting next to me on my bed I started typing again and logging onto omorashi.org to see what I should do next or if i should just make it up as i go. as my pages are loading I sit there kinda tapping my leg sorta leaning forward the usual start of my desperation dance, as my page loads and I notice the reply, I'm thinking one is better than none so I read through it and think "yeah easy enough, I can do that". So basically i've got to sit without my knees touching and no holding myself, doesn't seem to bad for a start so I move my laptop off my legs that were of course pushed together (just my luck) and get to looking for a story to read.

Now I've spent plenty of time on this site hiding out of sight even before I made a profile, and let me say i've read some great knock my panties off stories, so for this challenge I really wanted to find a good one and well I did. I went back a little to a favorite of mine by Beatrix and her story of the schoolgirl experience she had(love her stories) as i'm sitting there reading it, and imaging i'm in that poor desprate girls position i'm practically shaking trying not to move and squeeze my legs together. Opon getting to the near climax of the story (get it) i'm sitting on my knees keeping them apart with willpower and concentration alone which wasn't to bad as I get kinda lost when i'm reading.

I start biting my lip and that's when it happens, I hear a knock on my door which of course makes me yelp out and jump out of my skin. Gasping I grab myself and squeeze my legs together all the while staring at my door, now I never lock my door it just isn't something i do, So when i hear the door start to open and my roomate say "hey val are you okay", "It sounded like you yelled". I must of turned beat red because I could just feel the heat on my face as she peaked her head through my door and saw me sitting there with my laptop in front of me and my hands between my legs slightly bouncing. I quickly just fire back "Nnno I'm great you just kinda spooked me a little".

"Oh good I thought you were sick or something" she smiled I gave back a strained and weak smile saying "nope feeling great girl" giving her a thumbs up. "okay great well do you mind getting some cat food today while i'm at work we are almost out". I quickly nodded back to her saying "sure will do no problem", "Thank you" she smiled and started shutting the door. As soon as the door shut I let out a sigh of relief and lay back legs pressed together, "Why was she awake" I think to myself, I thought she was still asleep. maybe she has to go to work soon then, oh well I start typing out that little scare and quickly type out some "Goals" for the day. As i'm typing everything my desperation has easily increased in the two hours or so that this took place in, so now i'm sitting pretty with a 7.5/10 in terms of desperation causing myself to constantly be moving my legs as I type and sit in my chair.

Okay so it's about 10:30 where I am and I've got a list of things i need to do today, I would prefer not to wet myself in public immediately into my adventure today so figuring out what to do with my bladder in the next couple hours would be really really great guys ^_^ Below this will be all the jobs I need to do today in no specific order.

Go buy pet food Hang out outside (you damn antisocial) Hang out with Roommate (see above) Get caught holding at some point today Wet myself outside? (maybe) Do some Exhibitionism (if you want me to, the more clothes the wetter right?) Go grocery shopping for some food Maybe something else if you all can think of anything I should do.

*004*2018-06-26 20:07

{{5 minutes ago, ola93 said:

You should make sure to be sipping from a drink while you do thereaverofdarkness' challenge too. Just to make sure your kidneys won't run out of fluids to process.

}}

I most certainly will throughout the entire day, Its great to stay hydrated.

*005*2018-06-26 22:38

11:30 Bedroom

Okay it's currently 11:30ish, I'm waiting on the mods to approve my posts but it's okay because this part of the story I can handle myself. You see I had an idea while waiting for the post to go through but as I got more desperate currently at a 8.5/10 in my opinion. I have decided that I can wait no longer, and I have put my plan into play. What is it you ask well, it's simple all I have to do is wait till my roommate goes to shower before she heads out to work and half way into her shower I shall desperately knock on the door begging to use the bathroom simple in theory, but having to wait to use the toilet till she went into the shower was killing me. She worked at 2 so she should be heading to the shower very soon.

As I sat typing this part of the story out, I was using most desperation dance techniques I could at this point. Crotch holding, leg bouncing, lip biting, anything to distract me from the need to pee. Finally about thirty minutes later with myself rocking back and forth on my bed I heard her open the bathroom door and turn on the shower. This however was a terrible idea that took me a minute too late to realize, my room being right next to the bathroom pretty much forced me to hear everything, and I mean everything the water pouring down on the curtain and droplets smacking the bottom of the tub, it was excruciating. I was praying to god that she wasn't going to was her hair, if she did there would be no chance for me to get relief in the toilet. I figured that In about five minutes I would go slam on the door to let her know I needed it, that way she wouldn't be able to get out and just let me into the bathroom. 

These next few minutes of me sitting on my leg bouncing up and down slightly moaning under my breath was undoing every bit of faith to use the bathroom. I SO BADLY wanted to just let it out but I knew if I wet myself this early I would have a harder time doing the rest of the things I wanted to do for today. After what felt like an eternity I rushed up and ran out my door to the bathroom, this entire time holding myself and moving back and forth to keep the pressure off my bladder the best I could. KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK "HEYYYYY" I shouted through the door. "um yes?" came back the reply. (i'm gonna call her Faith for this story) "Faith are you going to be long?" I questioned while hoping from left leg to the right. "Well I just put soap on my body so I will be another Five minutes or so why?"

"Well" I said "I kinda need to go pee."

"What did you say" she asked "I can't hear you that well." Blushing I said A little louder Faith I really need to pee I gotta go bad."

"Ohhhh" I heard her respond "well in that case why didn't you go earlier."

"FAITH comon please I didn't think about it I thought you were a work already" I lied. "Don't worry i'll be out soon" she gigled, uggggh I thought to myself, maybe this was a mistake or maybe I over thought my bladder capacity but god was I desperate. I sat myself on the door of the bathroom and held my self, gripping at my pee hole to make sure nothing escapes. A couple excruciating minutes later the shower comes to a halt and I nearly scream in joy. I say out to Faith one last time "hurry hurry It's almost coming out!" I hear another giggle and I jump up hoping the door will open soon, That was a mistake... As soon as i get up a squirt comes out and not like a little one but a long loud pshhhhh. I freeze and hold on with everything that I have available, Time almost freezes it feels like as I look down and notice the giant streak down the right leg of my pants from my crotch.

Why why why didn't I wear any panties to bed I think to myself As my roommate is about to open the door and see me red faced pee streaking down my leg and bent over like a child.(It was quite the turn on) As the door starts to open I hear Faith Say "Val it's all yours don't pee yourself," in my head I'm just thinking you have no idea. As she exits the bathroom she is just wearing her towel and the surprise on her face as I push into the bathroom as she's leaving is golden. 

As I run into the bathroom I don't even bother to shut the door, I just sprint over to the toilet and slam my pants down as I moan out in relief. The pleasure is unlike anything, as some of you probably know and if I wasn't peeing at that moment I would of probably assaulted myself in lewd ways. After a good minute of peeing I return to my senses a little and look over to the open door, I see Faith looking at me with a mix of a grin and surprise on her face. My face went bright red and I started stuttering my words Fa-fa-faith what are you looking at I screamed in embarrassment covering my crotch. She smiled "well you left the door open and you seemed to be having such a great time i just had to peep in."

"well could you please shut the door and go" I asked still covering myself while I finished peeing. Sure thing hun she replied shutting the door and leaving me to be, Let me tell you I was in a mix of emotions part humiliation, part lust, and part surprise. I just sat there for a moment thinking what to do next. I figured best thing to do now is shower and change, so I cleaned myself up and checked out the damage.

There was a moderate pee stain on my pants that I honestly wasn't sure if faith saw it. I was pretty turned on from the entire experience and I really wanted to do lewd things but I held it in and decided the shower was my next priority. After I showered off and got back in my room I grabbed a water and figured I'll give an hour or so to type this out and post It, after we can decide where I should go next and what I should wear now. (Let me mention I've got a plenty of cozy clothes and some of my personal favorites short skirts and sweaters.) Also I want to mention Faith gets home pretty late so we have about a decent amount of time to do everything and be back to hang out with her.

*007*2018-06-27 19:50

4:20 (insert winky face) Bedroom

Heya a little embarrassing but I realized that because I am a new member still, moderators have to approve my content first which kinda effects the whole you tell me what to do I do it kinda thing, so I have decided that this will kinda just become a story of my day and then we will do another one when I don't need mom and dad's permission to write lewd stories on the site. That is why all my posts for this story are gonna pop up pretty much at one time, So I do apologize because this was supposed to be a little interactive for everybody, but I promise I will plan another day for desperation and lewdness that you all will be able to guide me in. now to continue the story.

Upon realizing I would be going alone on this adventure I decided to take everything into my own hands and make best of the situation after showering and relaxing for a little Upon realizing I would be going alone on this adventure I decided to take everything into my own hands and make best of the situation after showering and relaxing for a little bit after that lovely embarrassing moment I had with Faith, I went ahead and picked out a more regular outfit of mine a lovely pleated black skirt that was about lower thigh length, with my pure white panties that get super revealing when they get wet. As well as comfy casual black hoodie that was a bit to big on me, I decided to go without the bra this time as with my hoodies you can't really tell to much unless you're up close and paying attention. I ran into the bathroom for a moment to fix my hair and started to head out, making sure to grab a water bottle on the way out.

A quick update at this moment I have had one water bottle and had grabbed my second and it had been about 3 hours from my last bathroom break. You could say I was about at a 4/10, We had a decent amount of things to do today so for starters I went and got some groceries from the fresh market across the street from my apartment. Not much happens inside the store besides the fact it took me more than an hour to stare at fruits and other food items till I decided what I wanted for the next week or so.

There were a couple of moments when my inner exhibitionists came out though for example one of the shop ladies or whatever they are called were restocking one of the shelves that I was looking for pasta in, and I pretended to need her help finding the brand I needed (hint I knew where it was) once she pointed it out to me I casually bent down while practically standing up still in my skirt while I knew she was still looking at me. I saw her eyes go wide and she quickly turned away but from the breaze I felt on my thighs I knew she caught quite a bit of my legs and most likely a little bit of my bottom. The only other exciting part of my store fun was when I was checking out and the cashier caught a whole lot of cleavage as I was paying for my food. I would say after this whole event I had probably gotten to a 6/10 on the desperation scale and I was ready to head out to the pet store where I could buy the food for the cats now.

As I was driving over I finished the third water bottle I bought at the store, and noticed that it had started lightly raining outside, perfect I thought to myself just a little bit of rain to make me more desperate later. As I walked into the sore the lady up front greated me and said "hello can I help you find anything," such and such I replied with a "no but thank you" smiled and walked away. I knew what I needed and went ahead to the back of the store and grabbed the food, of course knowing I had time to waste and I could feel the need to pee getting stronger...

I spent some time in the store looking at pet toys and outfits as well as other do das and such. due to the rain there weren't many people in the store so the employees were just stocking and doing their own things, because of that I was able to pretty antisocial and spent some time looking at the animals for adoption. once I had my fill of the store and it's goodies I went up front to pay, "awfully wet outside huh" she asked, my bladder responded with a pang and I smiled back saying "yeah the rain really picked up." As I paid and grabbed my bag of food I looked outside at my car and had an idea, "do you have any water for sale" I asked the lady up front, "yeah would you like to buy one" she replied?" I walked back over to the counter and purchased the water bottle my bladder sighing at me opon opening and taking a sip of it, "Is it okay if i hang out for a little bit and wait out the rain i asked," she replied "it won't bother me any,"

"it's not to busy as you can see." After an awkward silence ensued I just sat and sipped on my water bottle quietly tapping my feet onto the ground, "Soooo I see you in here pretty often do you own a cat" she asks me, evidently trying to make small talk as nothing else was going on. "Yeah I own two cats one is mine and the other my roomates" I answer, "Do you own any pets" I ask back, "yeah I have a dog at home lovely little border collie" she smiles back. The silence comes back as someone comes to the register and I get back to that water bottle I've been working on. 

A few more minutes go by and I finish my water bottle my body full of liquids, reminds me that I should go home soon to take care of a specific need soon, but the rain still hasn't let up to much and I kinda want to wait till I'm more desperate before leaving to go back home. My desperation increased pretty rapidly over the next couple minutes from the multitude of water bottles I've taken down, and I was just about to deal with the rain when the cashier calls out and says "hey what's your name by the way?"

"oh my names Valeri" I responded "and you?" she flashed her name tag to me "Ashley" Oh duh valeri you just read that not to long ago I thought to myself. feeling a little bold I ask out to my new found friend "do you by any chance have a bathroom here ashley?"

"well yes" she replied but unfortunately "it's employees only sooo..." she trails off. "Oh okay" I say quietly crossing my legs in response. I kinda wish she would inquire more about my desperation so for the next few moments I spend crossing my legs back and forth, and while she thinks i'm not paying attention to her I hold myself and make little moaning sounds. Being honest though I was at about a 7.5/10 so not all of this was fake, just a little exaggerated a little bit. As normally I wouldn't do this to myself in public especially when I know someone's watching, but after this afternoon and how lewd I was feeling at the time I took the humiliation and with it the excitement that came with it. Finally after what felt like hours she took the hint and asked me if I was okay, I gave her a strained smile and reluctantly spread my legs apart and said "yeah great no problem at all."

That was a mistake after pretending my need was worse than it was my body got used to the help and desperation dance I had started to do, so when I all of sudden stopped it really hit me. My face froze for a second and my legs slammed back together as I winced and tried to hide the fact that I almost leaked into my panties. "You don't look to good" she mentions with a bit of worry in her voice, "well yeah I've really really gotta pee now" I giggled "I guess I had too much to drink huh." Ashley looked around and mentions to be quietly "you know I may be able to sneak you into the staff bathroom if you're that desperate."

While my bladder loved that idea I didn't want to risk her getting in trouble or relieving myself right now just when it was starting to get good. "No that's okay, thank you though I don't want you getting in trouble and the rains starting to let up so i'll be off soon here." she nods understandingly "well good luck valeri hope you make it home fast" I give her a thumbs up as I stand up and start my march to the door, as the sliding glass doors open up a large gust of wind swoops up my skirt showing off my silky white panties in all their glory. I gasp out at this unexpected event and slam my arms onto my skirt holding it down as I run to my car, as i am sprinting to my car I feel the rain splashing against me and my willpower gives out for a moment and a splurt escapes me and goes into my panties.

I grasp my car door open and jump inside gasping for air and holding myself to make sure nothing else comes out, The entire time I feel exzillarted from the excitment of my pantie flash and mid run leak. Once i've caught my breath and calmed down some I checked my panties to see the damage, and thankfully it isnt to bad slightly see through but as long as I head home soon I will be perfect I think to myself. I let my skirt go back down and buckle my seatbelt to see Ashley standing next to my car in the rain, She knocks on the window expectly, and I roll it down asking her "what's wrong?"

"well" she smiled "you left your cat food in the store." My eyes go wide as she hands me the bag "Oh sorry sorry I was in such a rush and didn't even realize that I forgot it."

"It's okay" she smiles back and starts to leave "have a good day though!"

"You too" I shout as I shut my window, thinking to myself Did she see me check my panties? Most likely not but I can still believe I think as I start to leave the parking lot, all the while holding myself and crossing my legs back and forth.

Pulling up onto my apartment I've made it to at least a 9/10 and I was filling up rapidly, I ran up all three flights of our stairs and struggle with the keys to my apartment. Yanking open the door I leak once again this time feeling it go though my thin panties and onto my leg. Yelping I sprint to the bathroom and jump into the shower not bothering to even use the toilet due to the near constant stream coming out of me, As soon as my feet hit the tub of the shower I yanked my skirt up to minimize damage to it and let loose. The torrent of pee shoots through my panties and I moan out in pleasure, The ecstasy lasts for what feels like forever till the stream lets up and I move my hand over the warm wet crotch of my panties.

Smiling to myself I play with the fabric of my panties and enjoy the feeling of lewdness that overcomes me for the time being. I look at myself through the mirror on the other side of the bathroom and smirk at how see through my white panties had become exposing nearly the entire crotch from me playing with the wetness. I resist the urge to give in to the lewdness again and decided it can wait till tonight as my body screams out at me for teasing it so much today. I slip out of my panties and turn the shower on to clean out the tub as I hear my roommate Faith come home, "Hiya val" she says to me as she peaks her head into the bathroom, "still in here huh?"

"I'm just cleaning" I snap back hiding my wet panties from her behind my back. "Hmm of course you are" she giggles as she starts to walk away "That's a cute skirt by the way."

"Oh thanks" I quickly reply rushing to my room to hide my mess. After disposing my undergarment I lay onto my bed and sigh thinking about everything that happened today I let my hands wander to the now nude area under my skirt, I know Faith wanted to play some card game later tonight but with all the activity that I did today (That I never Do may I add) I just kinda wanted to take a nap. I set an alarm and started to toy with myself till I found myself falling asleep and awaiting my alarm to go off in a couple of hours.

*009*2018-07-06 01:27

Hehe sorry for taking so long on the last part everyone. I was doing life things and got caught up and didn’t have time to type this out. None the less I hope you enjoy it and tank you for your time and patience

Around 10:30, Just waking up.

"Pssst, Hey wake up."

"Hellooooooooo wake up sleepy head."

"Huh What" I mutter to myself as I start to open my eyes and come to my senses. Opening my eyes I notice Faith Above me smiling to me now that I'm awake. "Took you long enough I thought you would never wake up" Faith sighed. Yawning I stretched looked around whining slightly "what time is it?"

"Just about a couple minutes past ten thirty,"

"You took a little nap when we were supposed to hang out when you got home."

"You didn't even change into something more appropriate to sleep in sooooo you have no excuse to go back to sleep now." Uggggg I moaned flipping over on my bed and shoving my head into my pillow. Faith pats my head and says to me, Well I will be outside waiting for you for when you're ready. I replied with a groanish noise and sigh to myself, (I hate waking up) Rolling out of my bed I move myself to my closet and turn the light on, Wincing to how bright it is I look at myself in my full body mirror noticing how messy I look I start to fix myself up somewhat. 

Messy hair Check, Wrinkled clothes things happen, Looking like death? seems good, Alrighty I think to myself I look as good as I'm gonna get. Heading for my door I stop for a moment and look over to my dresser thinking whether or not I should change, but I decided not to and walk out of my room and into a to brightly lit living room. "Welcome back from the dead" Faith says to me, "Ready to play some card games?" I raise my hand in a half ass motion and sarcastically roll my eyes at her, "what are we playing today" I ask. "UNO!" She exclaimed excitedly. I pause for a moment as I sit down "...What?"

"Yeah you know, Uno the card game with the numbers and the colors" Faith starts going on about Uno and I start spacing out thinking to myself, What have I gotten myself into. "...So yeah that's how you play" Faith finishes up, hmmm I think, Im glad I knew how to play beforehand because I didn't really listen to a single thing Faith just said. Gesturing at the cards I tell her sure Faith, "Let's play I got this game in the bag."

"Wow what confidence" Faith smiles as she shuffles the cards in a very aggressive and intimidating way, Faith shuffles out seven cards to each of us. "OOOH" Faith freaks out, "Jesus what is it" I ask practically jumping out of my skin, and look over at her. "I totally forgot to ask if you wanted anything to drink,"

"Could I grab you anything?"

"Jesus Faith, You scared the piss out of me but yeah Grab me a water please." She jumped out of her chair running to the fridge to grab our drinks, “One water for you and one green tea for me.” By this time Faith and I had started playing the most boring game of uno ever, with each turn our hands would go back and forth of having no cards to too many cards. After what felt like the hundreth call out of Uno this game Faith finally managed to win the game. Thank god I thought to myself, this game was taking forever and after what felt like an hour I kinda felt like I needed to pee soon. “Sooo don’t you think we should play another round?” Lord no I thought to myself, but I politely told Faith “well i’m not sure about that.”

“Oh well here’s an idea how about we do something else then?”

“Sounds like a great idea, what did you have in mind?” I ask quietly shifting in my chair, “well let's see we could play a new game or maybe we could watch a movie or something.” Yes a movie that sounds perfect much better than another game of hers I thought. “Sure what kind of movie did you have in mind?”

“well I know the new thor just came out on netflix would you like to watch that?”

“Yeah that actually sounds like fun” I said as I got up and made my way to our living room which was more like a couch and TV set up next to the kitchen. “Hey val I’m gonna change into something more comfortable okay, you go ahead and get it set up.”

“Sure thing Faith I’ll get it taken care of right now.” As I was working on getting the Netflix up and running on the tv Faith came out of her room dressed in a more comfy fashion. Wearing a uncomfortably thin top and sweatpants she hopped onto the couch and looked over to me, “Are you done yet?”

“Yeah It should be on any second now don’t rush me” I replied back finishing by getting the movie to play. “So are you going to change or are you gonna keep wearing what you’ve had on all day” Faith asks throwing a blanket at me. “For your information I am quite comfy in what I’m wearing thank you” I reply back blushing slightly, “but with this blanket I shall be perfect.”

“Alright alright shush now the movie’s started” Faith complains to me. Rolling my eyes I make myself comfortable on the couch leaning myself against the armrest of the couch. I can feel my bladder filling up and I reposition myself to help ignore the feeling, crossing my legs in the process I move my hands under the blanket and rub my thighs. “Sigh Chris Hemsworth is such a hunk isn’t he” Faith mutters to herself while Thor is killing it on screen, “heh yeah” I reply back rubbing my legs back in forth not wanting to get up to use the bathroom. I silently thank Faith for giving me a blanket to cover myself up about half way through the movie as I realize the way I had moved my legs to hold myself would've most likely given Faith quite the upskirt from her side of the couch.

Blushing I move my hands up the length of my skirt knowing she can't see anything, and expose the fact I’m still not wearing anything underneath from my earlier bathroom expedition. Glancing over at Faith I notice she is very focused on the movie and probably doesn't even notice that I had looked over at her, I take a moment and notice through her shirt she isn’t wearing a bra underneath and I feel my heartbeat speed up. I quickly move my focus back to the movie but my mind keeps wandering to lewd thoughts with myself having no undergarments on as well. Calm down val I think to myself, just watch the movie and relax till it’s over.

Things seem to relax for a moment till my bladder decides to interject with a slight pang and I am forced to squeeze my legs together. Looking back over to Faith tells me that she still doesn't care about whatever I’m doing at all, Phew It was embarrassing enough she saw what I did earlier today but for me to get caught again in a desperate state would make for some interesting questions I’m sure. Then again it is a movie I think to myself, people get desperate during a movie. Hell I’m sure Faith will probably need to go relieve herself by the end of this with all the green tea she had been drinking. That gave me an idea though and I smiled to myself at the chance to see Faith a little desperate to pee, I will just wait till the movie ended and run in before she got the chance to and hope she has to pee really bad. Looking over at her once again I try and pick up any signs of her having any desperation so far.

To most people she looked very normal while watching the move, but to someone like myself who constantly puts herself in desperate situations I noticed the light tapping she was doing on her legs and the occasional shifting of her legs while she was sitting still. While there was a chance I was completely wrong and just turning hope into reality I decided to still keep an eye on her and hope for the best. Ping...Pang...Pang ugggh I quietly moan to myself. Even though the movie had only been going for about forty minutes my bladder was exhausted from the events today and I had started to squirm in my seat. The near constant holding I had started to do was making it hard to watch the movie, and of course I noticed every funny moment in the movie and that didn't help my bladder one bit. 

At this point I was getting worried and started thinking I should just go pee and cancel my earlier plan involving Faith, or the very least change into something that will make it so when I leak (which felt like it could be very soon) that It wouldn’t go straight into my hands, skirt, or even worse the couch. I was about to give in when I noticed that Faith the perfect was slowly rocking back and forth with her legs crossed slightly, It was such a hidden rock that I hadn’t even noticed this entire time dealing with my own needs. I bite my lip and decide that I need to tough it out a little longer in hope that I can see some juicy desperation that I never get to see.

(*&$#, I gotta go so bad) There was maybe twenty minutes left in the movie we had gotten so close I physically refused to go back on what I wanted at this point, I was holding up quite poorly compared to Faith who had decent posture still. While I was sitting criss cross, hiding the fact that I was holding myself directly under the blanket of Faith(see what I did there) and rocking back and forth. The lovely Faith on the other hand still had the most subtil rock in her posture, now sitting like she was really into the movie slightly bouncing her left leg up and down. Thankfully throughout this entire experience Faith was so distracted with watching the movie, that I don’t think she noticed anything that I had been doing the entire time.

Almost over almost over I think to myself my bladder threatening to leak at any moment, I was a bundle of emotions yet again today with a mix of embarrassment, anxiety, and, some pretty lewd thoughts going through my head from having my sex exposed underneath the blanket. I decide to give up on hiding how desperate I am at this point, and bounce up and down on my hands hoping to god that I don’t leak on the couch. An immense pressure destroys my bladder and I audibly gasp moving one hand from my crotch and covering my mouth in surprise, which turns out to be a terrible mistake forcing me to move my hand immediately back to my crotch. Don’t leak, don’t leak, please don’t leak val, I desperately think to myself too ashamed to even see if Faith was watching me at this point.

After getting a hold back on my bladder and not leaking like a boss, I look back up to the movie and thankfully notice that It is pretty much over. I also take a look over at Faith to make sure that she didn't see to much of what just happened. My jaw almost fell off when I looked over and noticed her hunched over hands grabbing the sides of her thighs, It was something I didn’t see often and I would of watched forever had my own desperation not been so bad. This was It I thought to myself, the movie was almost over i would run to the bathroom relieve myself and then listen the Faith’s desperation. As the movie starts to end and credits start to roll I put my plan into action, Pushing my skirt down to cover my necessities I look over to Faith and mention “great movie huh, don’t you think so?” Faith caught off guard stumbles over her words and replies with “Yeah loved it, the entire movie had me at the edge of my seat.”

“Not to mention how funny it was.”

“You got that right honey, so funny it nearly had me piss myself.” I giggle back doing my best to hide how desperate I was at that moment. Yeah about tha- Faith tries to get out, but I cut her off and Jump out of my seat slightly exposing my upper thigh in the process, but not caring at all. “Hold on to that thought Faith I really gotta pee real quick” I smile to her as I run into the bathroom. Making sure to shut the door and lock it this time I feel my desperation jump tenfold at seeing the toilet. Ohmygod, ohmygod I think to myself as I grab myself through my skirt and stop for a moment remembering I need to take my time in here now. I watch myself for a moment in lust for this feeling as I see my little self two hands holding my crotch, face bright red legs crossed all the while tiny moans escaping from myself.

I smile and start to hobble to the toilet deciding that that was long enough and it was time to let loose, my body on the other hand decided right where I was standing was good enough and I felt myself losing control. Trying to save what little dignity I had left at this point I yank my skirt up and make a last dash toward the toilet. Hearing squirt after squirt hit the floor and feeling the wetness splash down my legs I slam myself onto the toilet and let out a louder than I would of liked moan as everything empties out of me in a torrent of yellowish liquid. I sit there for a moment gasping for breath letting the bliss of the moment reign over me, after what felt like an eternity I finish peeing and blush realizing I made a little mess on the way over to the toilet.

As I move to clean it up I hear a slight knock on the door and quietly hear Faith say “um val any chance you could hurry it up, I also really need to use the toilet.” I giggle to myself no longer needed to pee and respond back “sure thing just cleaning myself up it’ll be one moment.” I finish cleaning up my little mess and decided to torment Faith a moment longer by turning the faucet on full blast while I was my hands for much longer than any normal person would. As I turn off the faucet and dry my hands off a hear a slight whimper through the door and decide that this was the moment I was waiting for, I don’t give Faith any warning as I yank the door open with a wide and relieved smile. All yours Faith I say to her with a thumbs up, Faith just sits there for a moment easily caught off guard with her legs crossed and one hand holding herself. She instantly removes her hand and starts to move into the bathroom trying to nonchalantly say “Oh took you long enough you butt.”

“Hey I can take longer if you want” I tease back to her, not leaving the bathroom. Haha no that's okay she mumbles back to me obviously waiting for me to leave as she shifts from leg to leg. “Okay okay I’ll leave you to it” I say as I walk out the door on purposely not shutting it at all. “Hey VAL the door!” Faith yells to me as I walk out, I don’t respond and position myself so that I can see her holding herself from the double mirror we have in the bathroom. “Ugh son of a” she mutters and pushes the door somewhat closed but still giving me a slight view of what was about to unfold. I hear her open the toilet and from my position I see her drop her pants down, noticed her baby blue underwear I smile to myself thinking even she has cute panties. 

Then I hear the sighs and moans of pleasure just about as loud as mine was, giggling to myself I realize she must of been just as desperate as I was. She pees for about a minute or so then I hear her stream come to a stop. I stay for one last moment and try to get another glance of her panties, as she pulls them back up just to think I notice a slightly darker blue on her baby blue panties. While It may have been a trick of the light my eyes go wide and I scamper away to my bedroom as soon as she flushes the toilet. Hiding behind my door I giggle at everything that just happened and leave as soon as I see the light to the bathroom go off, “Hey there you make it to the bathroom okay?” I ask. “Just so you know I was perfectly fine, but yes It was very satisfying.”

“well It was a good movie and I thank you for hanging out with me” Faith awkwardly says to me, “but now I shall be going to bed.”

“Sure thing It was my pleasure, Have a good night Faith.” I respond back to her, Waving goodnight I move back into my room and jump onto my bed.

What a Blast I think to myself and smile, I can’t wait to do this again but for now I think my body needs a rest. I go to change into something more sleep related and notice how excited my body got from all this, “oops” I quietly mutter to myself, I guess I should go ahead and take care of this before I call it a night. I gingerly move my hands across my body and I know this won't take long, I had been teasing my body and mind with lewd things all day long and I would probably go crazy if I didn't do anything soon. 

I striped myself of what little clothes I was still wearing and jumped back onto my bed, I then let my hands and do the work at this point and gave into the pleasure and bliss, thinking back to everything that had happened today it didn’t take long for my body to reach its limit, and I started biting my lip to hold back any moans that may come out. I kept thinking back to Faith and how embarrassing today was and let out a huge moan as I let myself go, closing my eyes and covering my mouth to try and suppress as much noise as I could. As my body stopped convulsing I decided no clothes are the sleep clothes and just let myself doze off into the bliss that was sleep.

*011*2018-07-06 13:45

{{7 hours ago, littlewolfpup said:

Wow, I have no words to describe what I just read. That was amazing for me, and I can clearly tell it was amazing for you. Please post more stuff soon because I'm looking forward to reading it!

}}

Hehe why thank you, I am not worthy of such praise. I will be more than happy to share more experiences here for everyone.

*013*2018-07-21 00:23

{{On 7/19/2018 at 5:55 AM, Babedut123 said:

Amazing story

}}

Thank you, I appreciate your kind words ^_^

*016*2018-09-04 06:36

{{On 9/2/2018 at 7:08 PM, Nephrite said:

Not waiting for the post-credits scene of a Marvel movie?!?

Despicable!

Wonderful story though. You say that you are shy, yet you spare us no details.

}}

Thaaaaaaaank you ^_^ and yes as a writer I must give all details no matter how embarrassing.

