Shopping Expedition (longish)

Author: MsV

*000*2019-12-11 10:38

I enjoyed sharing my first story, and I thought I'd tidy up another, fairly recent adventure and share it here.

(Note: contains alcohol)

It was a breezy day in Autumn, and I had plans. I'd agreed to meet a couple of friends for lunch : it had been one their birthdays earlier that week, and we'd agreed to we'd treat her to lunch before doing some shopping.

My two friends lived pretty close to one another and after the usual hundred or so WhatsApp messages we'd decided the details. I'd get the train to near them, we'd walk to lunch, then head to the shopping centre.

I hadn't been there in a while, but I remembered the last time I was there I'd stubbornly refused to make use of the bathrooms, which were a bit out of the way, right by the lifts and always crowded. I'd spent a pleasant, slightly fidgety afternoon browsing around, and although I don't often like holding in company, the temptation was there. I fussed a bit with my outfit - the shopping centre was always boiling hot, but it was a chilly day. Tricky. I'd planned to wear a dress, but found I had no tights clean, so there was a bit of last minute kerfuffle. I added 'laundry' to my mental to-do list for later.

As I was getting ready, I was swapping my things between handbags when I noticed a extra pad in one of the pockets. I'd bought some Always Discreet pads earlier in the year, purely to play around with, and while I wasn't wild about the scent, they were comfy, and I'd enjoyed using / misusing them , on and off. I still wasn't firmly committed to anything, but I left the pad where it was and headed off to the station

I walked briskly, having spent a bit of time getting ready, but I made my train , just about. I was quite relaxed on the train, and not needy at all. I sipped a little water from my bottle and the journey went quite quickly. I was a little sluggish -the rush had meant I had no time to pick up a coffee on the way, and I was feeling the need for a mid-morning boost before all the walking and talking and browsing.

I got off at the other end and walked to meet my friends, on time, but without much to spare. We took a little detour through a park, and I was delighted to see that as well as the usual little market stalls they have there on a Saturday, there was one of those little coffee trucks. I insisted we stop, got myself a drink, and sipped it while my friends browsed the stalls for a bit.

We had some time before lunch and checked out one or two of the shops near the cafe, and as we stepped out from one of them in to the cold air I noticed the caffeine starting to nudge at my bladder. I've probably gotten used to that ritual of a mid-morning drink and a break straight after, but if I really ignore it, that urge can fade comfortably away for quite while, so I just focused on our conversation as we headed to lunch.

We sat indoors at a corner table, and the birthday girl headed off to the bathroom. I felt a bit of a jealous twinge myself, but also that strange, vague contentment I get from denying myself, feeling both strong and silly, in a way. I think this was when I decided I was consciously going to avoid breaks, although I'm not sure I'd decided how long for.

When she got back we ordered, and my other friend insisted we get some wine, it being a celebration. I made myself drink a little water before our drinks came, and again before food. The meal flew by, and by the time we left, we were into mid-afternoon. By now I had a sort of warm, comfy tug of need , quite a steady feeling of minor pressure,. My mouth was a little dry from the talking an the wine, and I clumsily refilled my water bottle from the jug on the table before we left. My other friend, who was not the birthday popped to the loo before we left, saying she how much she hated the toilets in the shopping centre. This reminded me of the mission I'd found myself on, and I felt a little vague cramp from my bladder at the thought off all that walking without relief.

The cold air outside seemed to intensify my need a little ,as it always does. As we walked to the shops I found I was clenching just a little as I walked, my jeans felt a little tight, and I had the occasional tight feeling of urgency, but I could certainly wait, and I intended to. I was feeling relaxed, adventurous. Perhaps it was the wine!

I took a big swig of water as we got to the shopping centre and first shop was quite quick – just a few bits of makeup. I was feeling pretty in control, the slight tightness still there but nothing major. I got a bit cocky, perhaps and decided to finish my water bottle in next shop. We were there a while, looking for a present for a friend, and while we debated out choices I took regular, casual sips of water. Eventually we got a consensus and headed out.

Now things got more earnest. Clothes shopping. Friend A wanted a coat, and friend B needed a dress for a party, and we had our work cut out. I hadn't quite succeeded in finishing my water, so I threw it all back in a big gulp before we got to the next shop. We headed up an escalator and for some reason standing still while in motion made me notice my bladder that bit more. I wasn't in pain but I was distracted, a little sweaty even, and found I wasn't quite concentrating as well. My bladder felt heavy, and I noticed a slight throbbing feeling start as we stepped off.

After the first clothes shop I was walking a little slower than my friends, being a bit ginger with my swollen bladder but I'm pretty sure I wasn't betraying my need at all. My friend's dress search took a while and involved a lot of time hanging around the changing rooms. The waiting made me notice my need to pee just that bit more – the throbbing was building just a little. I could have sat down on the benches nearby but I stood, shifting my weight a little from foot to foot, and that helped a lot.

The dress search was still on and we popped next door. I was clenching my teeth a little as waves of pressure appeared from time to time, but I was still pretty controlled overall. I spotted something I sort of liked myself, and my friends pressed me to try it on. Getting changed was actually a little bit torturous, for me, the private space, the freeing feeling of getting my jeans off, but no release. I studied the dress, rubbed my hand a little over my bladder to soothe it. I felt a little thrill for being secretly squirmy in a public space, imagined the shock and shame of just letting go in the changing room. (I wouldn't, of course, I never make a mess for anyone else to deal with... but the image was delicious!)

Dress duly scrutinised, and rejected, I queued up with my friend while she bought hers. I find queues are brilliantly awful places when you need to go. Time just stops. Eventually we left, and it was getting near evening. Friend B needed to head off soon, and suggested we grab a quick coffee before she went. I have a sort of rule, when I'm holding, that I won't deliberately avoid drinks, if they're offered, so we went to a cafe in the centre. I had a green tea, and filled my bottle up again from the water station by the till.

I had my legs crossed on the hard cafe chair but was pretty pleased with how my little adventure was going. I felt tense, full, basically on top of things, but uncomfortable, the throbs starting to feel a little achey now. We drank our drinks quite quickly, and said goodbye to friend B.

We were pretty shopped out, and friend A (the birthday girl) had some time to kill before she had to head out for dinner nearby. We walked out of the shopping centre, and as we left the cold air seemed to give me a real squeeze, my bladder feeling big and tight all of a sudden. I clenched my hand in my pocket and made myself breathe, focus on my conversation. We agreed we'd head for a quick drink before I caught my train back. My friend led us to a pub, and I found each step a little uncomfortable after my day without breaks. I found myself thinking about what sort of bathrooms the pub might have. I interrupted that thought and gave myself a 'No, Vee, we're almost there, you'll wait til you get home', kind of pep talk. I find that holding has that sort of momentum, sometimes, I don't like to ruin it by giving in too early.

The green tea had taken some effect by now and I was noticing a sort of twingy, tingly feeling as we got in to the bar. The place was pretty busy I said I'd get the drinks, while my friend found us a table.

Queueing at the bar I noticed I was squeezing my muscles to keep the feelings under control. I was sure I could wait, but I was finding it was taking more and more effort to keep things composed. I distracted myself by playing on my phone for a bit,, and my friend had helpfully text me to tell me where she'd sat.

I took our drinks and found my friend, who less helpfully, immediately excused herself to go the loo when I arrived. I said I didn't need to join her, and would guard our table, instead, and I got myself as comfortable as I could while I waited for her, taking off my coat and draping an arm across my twitchy abdomen. I found myself fidgeting with my fingers a little, and found the throbbing sensation was getting more insistent. My friend seemed to take forever getting back to our table. While I waited I tried to think how long it was since my last pee, thinking fondly of my bathroom at home. I had one of those thoughts I have when I hold in company, realising that people might think it odd that hadn't used the toilet at all, so I resolved I 'd dive off when my friend got back, for appearances sake. We chatted a bit when she got back, and I excused myself and went off to the ladies.

My bladder twinged hopefully when I got myself there, but I wasn't going to give in some easily. I waited for a stall, slipped in, and squeezed my legs together. I could do this.

I decided to add something extra to the adventure, and fished the pad out of my bag. I breathed deeply, decided against sitting down in case I failed, and got my jeans and panties down. The action sparked a twitchy, urgent feeling but I got control, put the pad in place, and redressed. I was a bit rushed, wanting to get it over with as soon as possible, and I realised the shaky feeling I get when I'm starting to find control harder had arrived. I expected it would be better once I left, so I washed my hands hastily - and wow, that was hard. The water on my hands made my bladder leap, and for a minute I thought I'd have to rush back to the stall. I focused on my breath, made myself compose my face in the mirror, I looked sort of flustered, my mouth drawn tight – and dried my hands before heading back to the table.

As we talked I was hunched forward in my chair, leaning closer to hear my friend, with one leg crossed,, and the posture really helped control the prodding discomfort my bathroom trip had triggered. I tried not to think too much about the train journey home, the spectacle of a wet spot on my jeans as I shuffled home coming to mind. The pad in my knickers felt kind of inviting - perhaps after my earlier experiments with them, my mind associated them with some release, as well as that sort of secure feeling I get from some padding, when I'm desperate. The vague awareness of security and temptation was perversely enjoyable.

We finished our drinks – I'd let my friend do a lot of the talking in the last few minutes, while I tried to ignore my insistent need - and said our goodbye. I made myself walk quickly to the station, hoping to get an earlier train maybe, and the bouncing of my feet of the pavement jolted my bladder quite sharply. I felt heavy, my jeans were definitely a bit less comfy now, and I toyed with undoing my top button, but decided to keep walking.

The wait on the cold platform for the train seemed impossibly long. I walked in a small circle on the platform, the motion distracting me from the tugging cramps I was getting quite often now. When the train arrived I rushed on, turned towards a seat, but decided to stand, allowing myself the space to shift my weight from foot to foot. I fumbled with my headphones as a distraction, listened to some music. As I got them out of my bag I noticed my full water bottle, and while I didn't really want to add anything to my day's intake, I reasoned that I'd had booze, coffee, tea, so it was best to hydrate. I crossed my legs as I took a slightly shaky sip, then another, before putting the bottle back, trying not to count down the stops back to mine.

By the time I got off I had a fairly constant throb in my abdomen and could only think about getting home as quickly as a I could. I strode off, not being able to face the wait for a bus. Even if it might have been quicker overall, I couldn't stand the uncertain wait, after being on the platform earlier. At least this way I was in motion, in control, and I walked in time to the music, every step letting my bladder know that relief was coming, an the feeling on tension started to build as I got closer to home.

Even when I'm not holding, consciously at least, I'm terrible for latch key desperation. I shuffled my keys out of my bag, crossing my legs as a discreetly as I could while I rummaged around. It felt nice to squeeze against the soft dry pad.

The throb from below felt like a countdown timer I had no control over, and I felt I was racing to beat it through to the bathroom. My muscles felt quite tight and tired from holding on so long, and I imagined how good it would feel to unclench them. Mistake. As I shut the door, I felt a sort of shaky judder, and a little warmth, maybe? Had I leaked a little?..No time to worry, anyway, the pad would be fine.

I dropped my bag and coat, my knees feeling quite wobbly, my breath was quite tight, and I was poised to rush to the bathroom at full tilt. I made myself stop for a second, just to see if I could. I managed it, standing quite upright, dancing a little from toe to toe. I considered my state . I'd made it, after all, and I deserved to enjoy the release. All the way home I'd pictured myself sat on the toilet, panting with relief, but when I'd got to the doorstep, I had a fleeting thought of dropping my keys, or failing to find them at all, and feeling the hours of tension burst and just soaking my jeans. I couldn't really decide how to end my hold, and in a way, I didn't want to. I was pacing a little bit now, my bladder twisting and pushing at me to make a choice.

I gritted my teeth and tried to think. I didn't really want to have to wash the jeans, as I didn't have many clean, and was overdue some laundry, and the longer I dithered, the more of a risk that was.

So, laundry....that was it! I'd do 'one more thing' before going. I always like that as a challenge, and one I'd focused on the practical job at hand, I felt I recovered a bit of composure. So I headed off to fetch the laundry basket. . Bending down was quite painful, and I definitely felt a little trickle as I set the basket down on the floor. I made a little gasp, and started dancing a little from foot to foot. Almost there! I loaded the machine, grabbing an old pair of pyjama bottoms out as I did.

I headed to the bathroom with the pyjamas in one hand, bent over at the waist now, my bladder pulsing constantly, hard and angry. I yanked my jeans down as quickly as a I could - felt as if events had a mind of their own now and I was going to go soon, regardless.

I stepped out of the jeans and kicked them in to the corner in case of any more leaks. I stood up straight, pressed my thighs together for a second, The pad seemed to be pretty dry, having dealt with the leaks alright. I pulled my knickers down a little, snuck a look. I'd definitely leaked, but it didn't seem to be too bad, and the material has done its magic already. Pulling them down had a been a step too far, though, and I felt myself using every last bit of effort to stop the little dribble that escaped from turning in to a flood. I pulled them up, grabbed the pyjamas and stepped in to the shower.

As I was pulling the trousers on I could feel myself giving in, the familiarity of the shower letting me relax finally, and I shivered as felt the first wave of moisture spreading over the pad, a tiny warm trickle at the side. I watched a smalll dark patch appear at the front, spread gradually down one leg. I could feel the liquid pooling over the pad as the flow got faster, some of it flowing towards the back, making the pyjamas cling there, but most of it escaping down the inside of my left leg. I felt light headed, still a little shaky, and gradually, as I kept going, my feet in the middle of a little puddle, the feeling of relief started to arrive, my shoulders relaxed, and a I gave a deep, low sigh.

I held on to the shower wall to steady myself a bit, and took a while to take in the aftermath, before quickly getting in to cleanup mode, carefully binning the pad, getting the laundry done, and texting my friends to tell them how much I'd enjoyed the day out – and the wine!

*007*2019-12-12 10:26

Thanks for all the kind comments. I considered tagging the resolution, but I think I prefer some mystery, to begin with!

*012*2019-12-16 09:51

I've done the 'go the bathroom, but not actually GO to the bathroom' thing more times than I'd care to admit. I have a bit of a storied relationship with public or unfamiliar toilets, and without getting too deep, that's probably partly how I 'discovered' my feelings around desperation.

And yes, this was me, one Saturday. It was probably more premeditated than I quite admit, I'd given the whole thing some thought beforehand, was curious how far I'd go, but once I started I found myself really committing to it.

I do write fiction from time to time and lately, when I write these things up I consciously try and put the details and drama I'd enjoy in the story in to the narrative. My notes tend to be either a bit impressionistic ("twitchy, draggy, slow - supermarket'") or quite clinical ("Tea, small water, no break") and when I write things up I enjoy almost picturing myself as a character in one of my stories, if that doesn't sound too odd.

