Desperation delay

Author: Dr. Philthy

*000*2019-08-20 06:35

So how does an amusement park, a freeway and a graveyard factor into me coming close to having an accident? Well, this past weekend has the answer.

So on Saturday I plan to go with some friends to one of the big amusement parks out where I live. Plans kind of fall through so only two of us head out. Normal day of lots of walking and entertaining shows. Nothing out of the ordinary. Picking up burgers for lunch with the refillable souvenir cups and enjoying a large lemonade. After eating and catching another show, I go to use the bathroom and spend time hopping from event to event.

Now keep in mind that it is the summertime and the heat makes you rather thirsty. Even without it being terribly hot that day, all the walking does start building up your thirst. So I down a bottle of water, use my cup to refill with water and enjoy one of the local drinks of the park. Around 4:30 or so we're planning to leave and my friend heads off to use the bathroom. While they're gone, I start to get some of the little signals from my bladder that the liquid I've been drinking since lunch has taken residence down inside of it.

Now with a little backstory detour, I haven't done any real enduring holds in at least 5 or so years, and I get rather noticeable sudden urges which is probably a result of that. But what I was feeling wasn't too bad; maybe between a 3 and 4 and I knew I could make it home fine. So we headed out of the park, stopped off at a couple of stores, headed to the parking garage (which had the last bathrooms available to use) and made the trek back.

The drive getting to the freeway and driving along wasn't too bad, and no concerns about time since the park is only about an hour away from where I live. Everything is going fine as we casually chatted about getting something to eat when all of a sudden, the classic omo cliche occurs.....

Traffic. And a lot of it. I sigh and just grimace, not only for the fact that I have a bit of an impatient streak in me and that I don't see any accidents on my maps that should be slowing us down, but also for the fact that this is going to delay me in the trip to the bathroom I expected to have not too long from now. I cut in and out of traffic, trying to stave off the thought that the little 3-4 out of 10 you were feeling is steadily sitting at a 6 or so. It's not enough to make me need to grab myself, but with how the urges that I have dealt with the past few years strike, I was concerned about a strong one catching me out of nowhere.

So I'm navigating through the traffic pretty well and at good speed and my friend mentions a night event that was brought up a few weeks ago going on that night: a night hike through a cemetery. Now I've done a few hikes, certainly none through a cemetery at night, but with Halloween approaching soon and being a pal to involve myself with some other activities, I decide to come along too, thinking I can stop at home, use the bathroom and then head out.

Freeway moves along at normal speed, my desperation is still there, but manageable. I'm fine with all this going on, and then slow, slow, slowing down....to another big patch of traffic. I check the maps on my phone again and a bit of frustration hits me. There's deep traffic in 2 different spots on the freeway that are stopped dead. So now I pull some ingenuity to exit the freeway and take side streets running alongside ir so I can hop back on and continue. This works, but my friend says, "dang, guess we'll just have to head straight there since it's so late." That side street trick did get us out of traffic, but also set us back about a half hour, meaning I couldn't stop anywhere now to use any bathroom. I thought about mentioning to stop somewhere, but my friend had been having a rough year and was really looking forward to getting out some, so I kept quiet.

My desperation is pushing on a 7 at this point and it's taking what I have to focus on driving so I don't need to hold myself. We arrived only 4 minutes late and greeted everyone who joined. I was contemplating checking for a bathroom inside the building of the cemetery but they were already closed. We walked around for about 2 hours checking out the sights (this cemetery was about 150 years old) and taking in the history and view of things. Meanwhile, I'm near the back of the group starting to shift back and forth a bit (thank goodness it was dark at this point) thinking if there's any way I can break away for a bit to relieve myself, but no such luck came.

After the 2 hour mark, we said our goodbyes and departed back home. I pulled up and ran up to unlock the door, then doubled back to the car to grab some items from the park I needed to put away when my friend said "I'll be right back, just need to use the bathroom real quick. I've had to pee for hours". With my face down in the car and almost chuckling to myself, I just said "okay" and watched them run into the house. At this point, I figured if I'm home, might as well do it outside. No sooner than I had thought that, my kind bladder agreed and decided to spike me to a high 9 on the desperation level. I hurried to the side of the house where it is secluded, fumbled with the belt of my shorts for a bit (Damn thing always has a tightening issue to it) lowered them and enjoyed the oh-so-satisfying feeling of relief of a piss that I'd been expecting for at least 6 hours. After that was done, I breathed a big sigh of relief and went on to wrap up my remaining stuff from the day.

Hope you enjoyed my little adventure.

