Wetting depends on a beach

Author: Toady567

*000*2019-07-12 11:55

The other night I was out driving. I put on a depends before I went out. I drank lots of water and a fountain soda and waited for my bladder to fill. After three hours I was ready to find a place to wet. It was dark by now. I drove to one spot that I did the same thing a week before but it was crowded. There was no chance I was going to do it there so I moved on to a different location. That spot was alsocrowded. By now my bladder was aching. I drove for a few more minutes and then I decided to try this private beach I know about. As luck would have it, nobody was there. I walked up and do n the short beach area just be sure I was alone. There was some plastic patio furniture set out so I sat on the chair and lit a cigarette. I was ready to pee but nervous.

What if somebody came along and caught me? Yeah it was dark but sometimes the depends leak if I pee too much. After I finished smoking, I pulled my shorts down so they wouldn’t get wet, sat on the chair again and lit another cigarette. My bladder was full but it was difficult to start because I was sitting down. It was so nice out. I finally relaxed enough to start peeing. It felt great as my hot pee filled the depends. I relaxed and emptied my bladder even pushing out the last few remaining drops. The cool thing is it didn’t leak out until I started rubbing myself through the wet diaper. It only took a few minutes for me to cum. When I was done, I took off the diaper, cleaned myself up and left the scene. I took my wet diaper with me as I didn’t want to litter.

*002*2019-07-19 21:13

I use them frequently. It feels good to release a full bladder into them!

*004*2019-07-22 10:19

{{10 hours ago, Jackson_notta said:

What kind of depends do you use?

}}

I use the regular men’s.

