Accident while watching a movie

Author: Mari90

*000*2011-08-10 09:55

One night, my boyfriend was over at my apartment watching a movie with me on the couch. We were watching something scary, and I made sure to fill him with lots of drinks to make things more interesting. ;) About an hour into the movie, I could see him crossing his legs and squirming around a bit. I looked at him and smiled a little, and he knew I was having fun with this...and he had fun with it too – he loves holding it as long as possible. Half an hour later, I heard him making small moaning sounds and saw him biting his lip. He was starting to get so desperate, he had to put his hand between his legs to keep from leaking. It looked like he had a little bladder spasm as he cringed and leaned forward, and asked me to pause the movie so he could go pee.

I told him it was almost over, and he just bounced a little with both hands between his legs, enjoying the pain of his intense need, and knowing what was going to happen soon. "I don't think I can make it that long," he said. He tried to sneak away slowly, but I wrapped my arms around him from behind and held on tight, straddling him between my legs. I heard a sharp gasp and then he said "ohhh honey, why are you doing this to meeee??!!" Of course I knew he was just playing my game, otherwise I would have let him go – maybe ;) I could hear him getting closer and closer to losing control – moaning and taking short, shallow breaths, 'struggling' to get away and holding onto himself as tight as he could, knowing he was about to burst.

I felt the tension building up in his body as I held him with my chest pressed up against his back...and then he let out one last pained sigh, and his legs trembled slightly as I saw him start to let go slowly into his jeans. The little dark wet patch spread quicker and then I heard it hissing out as he let go completely and soaked himself. I could feel his body relaxing against me and his warm wetness soaking into the couch and onto me behind him. "Awww, you got me all wet too," I said..."I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it," he said with a smile as he turned around and sat on my lap facing me, and gave me a long, deep kiss...

