MEGA traffic leaving Red Hot Chili Pepper concert in Cologne

Author: Xpgames

*000*2022-07-09 11:10

Sooooo I went to the Ref Hot Chili Pepper concert in Cologne Tuesday. Was a great show! Have not had the chance to see them in years!!!! I got there a solid two hours before they were set to come on stage, but still had trouble parking. Eventually found a large parking lot that was about a 15 minute walk to the stadium. Pulling in, I was guided to a spot that was in the middle of the parking lot… sort of cursed under my breath that it’s going to freaking suck getting out of here…. The normal time it would take me to get home is about an hour… anyways, prior to the show, I drank a few beers, but knowing I had to drive and the rules of the road, I paced myself. On top, I mixed in some water. Given my extremely weak bladder, concerts and sporting events are always a huge challenge for me! I don’t know how the women do it!!! The line was huge!!!! And they even lined up in the mens room as a faster alternative !! Saw this during the Muse show too a few years back.

Anyways, I try to choose Aisle seats or stay towards an exit on the main floor. Unfortunately, even though my seats were good, I was directly in the middle, which is annoying for me and they people I need to slide by when the urge comes. As the concert came to an end, I got out of there as quickly as possible knowing my parking situation. BUT… it didn’t matter, the line to get out was absolutely brutal. When we finally started to move a little, I took the time to jump out of my car and pee by my door.

After that, most people would be good you’d think. Not me. I sat in bumper to bumper traffic for 1.5 hours before I even reached the autobahn. And how I was positioned in this traffic, through basically neighborhoods, there was no possibility to just jump out. On a side note, a girl friend of mine was actually supposed to be with me, but she ended up not being able to go.

After about an hour, I was absolutely at my breaking point and I was REALLY trying to hold it … anywhere would have worked… I saw the Golden Arches of McDonald’s in the distance and thought that I could just maybe make it there (not that there would be parking)… but it wasn’t an option. I started peeing and absolutely COULD NOT STOP!!! My shorts and boxers were absolutely drenched!!!! Literally sitting in a huge puddle. Thankful for leather seats…. After peeing my pants, it literally took me another 1.5 hours to get home! About 15 minutes before getting home, my bladder was somehow extremely full again. I could have easily found a place at this point, but obviously not an option given the state of my wet pee shorts. Before making it off the autobahn, I had another full blown accident!!! Anyways, here are some pics. Was kind of an omo lovers dream situation in my opinion, but the 2.5+ hour drive home kind of sucked.

$$

$$

$$

$$

