Desperation, jogging, wetting (male)

Author: JetStreamPhoto

*000*2018-05-04 02:19

I was posting in the Live Action during this hold, then decided to post a new topic in here.

Caution: Male pics+ but no nudity.

I wasn't really determined to have a hold earlier today, but decided I was drinking a lot of liquids so why not. Plus, it rained 2 days solid and I was ready for a reason to escape with a bit of exercise and OMO fun at same time.

I did somewhat similar jog while absolutely desperate last Sept. and found it exciting to run along a public path, exposed to others, not knowing (or caring much) if they happened to see my wet running shorts and drippy legs. Unlike that day of over 80F, today was a more chilly 52F during the run.

So after holding for quite a long time and getting to a serious 9 or a bit higher on the scale, I decided I waited long enough and simply had to go run and relieve the pent up pressure. However, I forgot how difficult certain aspects of real running together with really full bladder. One particular aspect is that each foot-fall on the pavement produces pressure on bladder and this was excruciating at first - but I admit I can get used to that.

The next hurdle was knowing that the first 3/4 mile involves a LOT of people walking their dogs or just being outdoors, followed by a very busy street and red light to cross - which was obviously red upon my arrival. But, I got lucky with a break in the cars to run across the street (without a green light) and save about 15 seconds of wiggly -gotta pee - dancing that anyone waiting at the light would see.

Then, the next mile is behind a set of houses with lots more people walking dogs or just being outdoors than I expected - must have been the 2 days of rain. So, I continued to be really desperate, but spurts of pee occurred on nearly every pounding of my feet to the pavement. Until... finally... I reached a less populated portion of the path and could see only a couple persons ahead on trail walking with dogs or kids. And, it is adjacent to a golf course, so I decided to run along the golf-cart paths instead - just 20 feet away from the public greenway. But this let me sneak between a couple pine trees for first photo opp - of the leakage...

$$

And, then, I had a wonderful section of golf course running with a chance to dribble a lot more than all the spurts I was experiencing. So, I let my muscles relax enough to let a brief stream of 10 seconds soak into my undies. I walked briefly to capture a photo between 2 pine trees to avoid pulling down my running shorts to any onlookers. And, this felt incredible to let more than a few seconds of pee loose.

$$

At this point, I did feel a tiny ounce of relief from the insane desperation. But, really, it wasn't enough, and I also knew that the turn-around point was the start of really letting it flow. The photo above was still letting out only a few more ounces, but this wasn't going to last too much longer.

There is a great difficulty in letting out just an ounce or two. The massive feeling of relief is ever so brief. It took a lot of will power to continue the desperate feeling and letting that recur for another few minutes while I returned to jogging. At this point of the jog, I was definitely searching the near horizon for a few less people walking along the path - but I also had a tunnel under a road to sneak in a nice sunlit photo and snapped a few more...

$$

And then went to sit on a bench and return into the "Live Action" forum to post a couple of these. And, when the coast became clear enough, I did let out another really pleasant leak to keep lowering my desperation a bit at a time.

So I continued to run along the return segment of the golf course path and just let my guard down enough that the natural "don't-pee" instinct was disabled and feel the fantastic relief of finally letting as much as 50-70% of my bladder empty - wow did that finally give me a great feeling! Just how it filled the 'pouch' of my underwear before passing into my shorts and running down my leg. Ahhhhhhh, the feeling was so wonderful

$$

And, to finish up the story, I decided to hold back emptying the rest of my bladder because I could see a seat/bench ahead where I knew I could relax and let all that remained flow freely to end the afternoon before returning to a quick pace on the final 'home stretch.' So my final addition to this story is the video of really letting the last bit flow through my undies and down through the golf course bench.

IMG_3866.m4v

One last funny item is that a lone older female golfer was driving the golf cart about one hole away from where I filmed this video. She was getting ready to tee of the previous tee and said a friendly "Hello" as I ran past her as she retrieved her club of choice from the bag behind the cart. I doubt she saw the wet spot on my running shorts - but I was quite happy I was done taking that video before she finished that hole and discovered me. The remainder of the run was dull basically but I have no idea how many other may have seen this great big wet spot on my shorts - front and back. At this point, I really didn't worry if they saw.

Overall this was another fun OMO experience and I am glad that warm weather is coming back so I can play with some other possibilities.

*003*2018-05-05 13:48

{{On 5/4/2018 at 12:31 AM, Pyrocat91 said:

Thank you for sharing. The video was an awesome sexy bonus.

}}

Thanks for commenting! And also thanks to @BENAir01

*006*2018-05-06 19:04

{{22 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

When you have been holding an overfull bladder under trying conditions - like jogging - it sure feels good when you can let it all out! The comparison to sex is appropriate.

}}

I wouldn't personally equate all the way to sex, but there is a definite release aspect after a helluva long build up when jogging with full bladder and level 9-10 desperation. It is actually very difficult to let muscles relax enough to permit the first leakages. But as the flow starts, it's rather heavenly to let the remainder flow, even while holding a moderate jog.

*007*2018-05-06 19:36

FYI addendum. Held so long and hard before and during that jog that the following day I practically squit all over just before reaching urinal due to muscle fatigue! O M G do I now believe in that technique to cum closer to a pure and real uncontrolled accident!!!

