5 seconds too late

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2017-08-16 04:39

Not gonna lie. I'm kinda growing out of this. I'd rather help someone then see them embarrassed for my self gain. Well this was the case until not too long ago when my friend Taylor gave me a reason to love again.

As usual I give a bit of background so skip next paragraph if you want to go strait to the story.

To begin I'm not shy. I have never had a problem talking to girls before. I'm not saying I got them all because that is far from the truth but I've never really struggled to talk to them. Taylor was a different case from day one. To begin she used to hate me and found me annoying. She never was on my radar but we had same group of friends then one day I needed a ride because I was drunk and she offered. See I rarely drink. Alcohol ruined my life and I see what it does to people but I was going through a really hard time and I was like fuck it. Anyways my drunk dumb ass told her my life story and she listened and genually cared. I don't trust people and she gained my trust and I got a one way ticket to the dreaded friendzone... it sucks but if it didn't happen I wouldn't have this great story to share with ya'll.

Taylor to begin is short. Like 5'3 on a good day blonde hair and a perfect build. She works out and keeps her body healthy always hydrating and I learned she has a very small bladder. She also has no shame and will pee on the side of the road if needed. I've seen her do it a couple times and never thought I'd see her desperate because she doesn't allow that. Well one day she text me and asks if I wanted to grab some food with her. Me always hungry obviously said yes and we went off to get some food about 45 min off base.

For those of you who don't know, cali traffic can get bad fast and take hours. We finish eating and get stuck on the interstate with some of the worse traffic in my life. When I get in Taylor was like fuck I kinda gotta pee. See normally she'd pee in a bottle cup or anywhere but she had a romper on. This meant she couldn't just pee normally and would have to hold it. She doesn't mention anything for about 25 min (we moved barely due to a pretty bad accident where a car drove over the side blocking off an exit) but I look over and see her bouncing a bit and holding herself. I ask if she'll be ok and she just looks at me says I'm gonna hit you and tells me to hurry up.

See I'm an asshole. A loveable asshole but still an and asshole. I mess with my friends and I was not about to let this oppertunity pass. So I beg her to hit me even tap my cheek and she just laughs tells me I'm lucky she has to pee or she'd beat my ass and I keep driving. We sit for another 15 minutes until traffic is rolling and we are still about 30 min from base. And another 25 min from there to drive to the barracks. When traffic picks up she mutters thank God and I see her looking very uncomfortable. See so much of me wanted to take as long as possible to get a good memory but I decided to take the next exit and get to base as soon as possible.

When I pull up to the gate I show them my ID and they ask for Taylor who has both hands in her lap and her legs crossed. She takes one hand off to give ID and when I start driving her hand shoots back and she says fuck I peed a little! I am doing everything in my power to not let my hormones take over and force her to have an accident but she's my friend and besides it was my car.. so I drive to barracks with her making small comments for me to hurry up and how she has to go the entire time. I am certain I'm not going to see anything at this point but ask if she needs any help. She gets out of the car and just holds herself for a second and says can I use your bathroom? She lived on 4th deck and I lived on 1st so it made sense. She is wearing a bright blue romper and when she walks I see a small wet spot on her ass and she is walking as fast as she can to my room without peeing herself.

We get to my room she takes 2 steps in and stops dead in her tracks puts both hands on her crotch and completely loses it. She just stood there in my room peeing herself infront of me for about a minute and just stood there looking at me with tears in her eyes. She later told me that she expected me to yell or laugh at her but I felt bad and honestly wanted to hug her. She couldn't leave my room without everyone who sees her see the clear ass day piss covered bright blue romper she had on so I broke the silence and asked her for her ID so I could grab her a change of clothes.

She doesn't say anything and gives me her ID. I come back with some clothes hand them to her and she goes into my bathroom to change without saying and single word. (She cleaned up her mess while I was gone). When she got out she was about to leave when I asked her if she was ok. She just starting crying said Im a 19 year old girl who just peed her pants what the fuck do you think. I hugged her and felt bad but not guilty knowing this was completely out of my control. She breaks away says thanks you're a good friend and went back to her room.

I didn't tell anyone she never brings it up and yes in friend zoned to the max still but I'm slowly breaking free. Anyways a great memory from a good friend and I hope you all enjoyed it!

*003*2017-08-19 22:42

{{On 8/18/2017 at 11:23 AM, satyr said:

You do seem to have extreme luck when it comes to encountering these kinds of situations, Vortex.

}}

I am around alcohol a lot. And I'm always active and around a lot of people. I don't anticipate more anytime soon and frankly was surprised with this one. It's anyone's choice if they want to believe me or not

