Finally some alone time

Author: LivingOmo

*000*2020-01-17 04:14

I like to wet both sexually and non-sexually.

This time it was non-sexual.

I wanted to leak slowly and spurt without any desperation as a comforting and relaxing way to unwind after a very stressful week.

$$

$$

Also I’m still dripping as I post this. I’m just kind of relaxed and letting my body enjoy it.

*001*2020-01-17 04:24

Here’s a better butt picture

$$

*002*2020-01-17 04:34

Ok so this is the first time I’ve let myself go for so long, and now I can’t stop it- honestly and truly cannot- which is a new experience. I kinda love it and maybe I should go to the bathtub now.... oops?

*003*2020-01-17 04:42

Now I’m relaxed in the tub. I tried clenching but it didn’t *really* work? This experience has been great.

$$

$$

*011*2020-01-18 16:56

{{On 1/16/2020 at 9:52 PM, mypeesecret said:

Great pics! You can tell just how soaked you are by the end there. Time to get changed yet? Or do you get to keep dribbling?

}}

I did end up changing and going to bed.

{{On 1/17/2020 at 5:54 AM, Perhaps said:

What a thoughtful gift, thank you. And, thanks for sharing the experience with us! It's great you got some alone time to enjoy yourself. Hopefully, you don't have to wait too long for your next opportunity to wet or hold.

}}

I’m trying to space them out to be conscious of the people I live with. My roommate actually saw me in wet pants and I want it to be infrequent in order to not freak anyone out.

{{21 hours ago, secretleaker said:

Thank you so much for sharing. I too enjoy a non sexual, slow leak, long wetting lol. Thinking of doing that today, actually.

}}

Did you get to? How did it go?

*012*2020-01-18 17:05

{{21 hours ago, johnnyc82 said:

Love to see a video. This pics are hot as hell

}}

I actually have posted 2 videos on this site but I can’t find them right now. I have no idea where they got lost to.

If anyone wants to help or remembers, that’d be great.

One of them looked like a gif of me flooding my shorts, the other was a longer video of me peeing my leggings outside on a rock slope.

*014*2020-01-18 22:21

{{6 minutes ago, johnnyc82 said:

I think I just saw one of them, you were wearing black leggings and you peed sitting down in what looks to be a rock

}}

Yes I was, that was a canal in hawaii.

*017*2020-01-19 16:52

{{6 hours ago, WillinglyWet said:

Really nice pics and i love to hear you enjoyed it so much, good way to ease off the stress too.

}}

Moving is really difficult. I’m really happy that I’m now settled into a new place and a lot of the stress has gone down. Thank you!

{{5 hours ago, jolano1 said:

What a great experience!

}}

Thank you! It was

