Holiday Accident

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-04-20 15:11

This happened in March 2014 whilst myself and my gf were on holiday in the Caribbean and it is without a doubt my favourite wetting experience simply because its the only one that involves both myself and my gf.

We were on a 2 week cruise and on this particular day we were docked in Tobago and we had heard about a lovely beach which if my memory serves me correctly was called Pigeon Point and we had decided to go there and see it for ourselves. As we were leaving the port ourselves and another couple were approached by a local man who was illegally taxiing for tourists (its illegal for tourists to use unlicensed taxis in the Caribbean) but we took him up on his offer because licensed taxis were so expensive. So we hit the road for Pigeon Point.

We arrived in good time and the beach (it was actually more of a resort) was beautiful, we paid the small entrance fee and our driver parked up. He then asked myself and Chloe (the other couple had departed earlier) wheather we were interested in any boat trips and we told him we had not really thought about it and he suggested a friend of his who owned a glass bottom boat and claimed he could get us cheap tickets.... and he did!! The boat was not due to leave for another hour and 15 minutes so we decided to cool our heels at a beach bar.

In this time i sunk around 6 bottles of Carib beer and Chloe about half that and at no point did i even think about needing a wee, i assumed the boat would have toilets..... So we sunk our beers and made it to the boat with time to spare. Upon seeing the boat i remarked to Chloe "its smaller than i thought it would be" and she looked at me as if to say "yep me too" But we boarded nonetheless and it was full to the rafters. The first half an hour or so was amazing. I couldn't take my eyes off the beautiful underwater creatures beneath me, i was completely taken in by it all.

However i then began to feel a sharp twinge in my bladder, it was really quite bad an easy 7/10. So i stood up and made my way to ask a man who worked on the boat where the toilets where and he informed me that there were none and i would have to wait until we got back to land. I asked him how long we would be out and he told me it would be at least another hour and a half.... My heart sank. I knew i could not wait that long. I sat back down with Chloe and i noticed her legs were tapping non-stop, i asked her if she was okay and she said "i really need a wee" My feelings were now mixed, it was my dream situation; stuck somewhere with no toilets and with Chloe desperate for a wee.... But in no way did i want her to wet herself, not in front of all of them people.

My desperation was growing every minute i could not stop fidgeting and i was actually in quite a lot of pain, i knew i would not hold on much longer. And i could see Chloe was not much better because her legs were locked together and she was almost rocking back and forth. I honestly did not know what to do, part of me wanted to just let it go and wet myself.... but the other half knew i shouldn't. Just as my mind was racing trying to work out what to do and how to save us both from complete embarrassment Chloe turned to me and whispered "If i don't get to a toilet soon i am actually going to wee myself" Hearing this did me no good at all because in my excitement at hearing them words come from her mouth i released a small spurt of pee.

I sat there for a few moments thinking what to do knowing full well i didn't have long to go before i lost control, i was 9/10 now. Then i saw her very quickly clamp her hands into her crotch, i knew immediately that she was leaking. Yet all i could do was picture her black lace knickers become soaked with pee, which in turn made me release another spurt of pee. I casually checked to see if there was a wet spot on my cream shorts and to my horror there was. It wasn't big, but it was big enough and if i didn't think fast it was going to get a whole lot bigger.

It was at this point that the captain announced we were at a shallow area of water where we could get off and explore the reef if we wanted too. I thought our luck was in, i could not believe the timing all we had to do was get into the water and we could wet ourselves there and nobody would notice.... However my bladder was in such pain i could barely move and i knew if i sat forward i would let go. Chloe jumped up her legs locked together still "lets go for a swim" she said i thought for a moment what to do, but i happened to notice that there was a small pool of liquid on her seat and when she turned round to leave the boat she had a small wet spot on the back of her denim skirt.

I braced myself to stand up, i quickly planned my route to exit the boat because i knew i would start to wet myself the moment i stood up. i jumped up as quick as i could and just as i knew it would pee began to flood my white briefs and cream shorts. My wet spot grew and grew pee was streaming all down my legs and the front of my shorts was now a much darker shade of cream, i could feel the beautiful warm wetness on my crotch and pictured my white briefs soaked with pee part of me did not want to get into the water but in knew for my own dignity (what was left of it) i had to.

I moved as quick as i could to the outside of the boat, pee was running down my legs and spreading round my bum a little too. Chloe was stood at the edge of the boat waiting for me and i could see a small pool of pee starting to form at her feet. By the time i jumped into the water i was completely soaked, i had fully wet myself before even getting into the water, but i still peed for another minute or so upon entering the water.

Chloe followed almost immediately,i knew she had wet herself on that boat as well. When we were in the water after we had finished relieving ourselves she looked at me with a cheeky smile and said "i saw what you did there, you were wetting yourself" I went beet red, at this point i had never wet myself in public and defiantly not in front of Chloe. I had nothing to say to that, i didn't want her to know that i had seen that she had also wet herself. When we got back to the ship she got changed and left her soaked clothes in the bathroom, i took this opportunity to examine her knickers.... and the sea water had not covered the scent of pee... So she had also wet herself on that day, but too this day she still denies it.

At that time she didn't know of my fettish, as of yesterday she does. Thanks for reading guys, i hope you enjoy reading it as much as i enjoyed thinking and writing about it. Now i need some time in private.... ;)

*005*2016-04-23 23:24

{{ 

This is a great story. Timing worked out well for you that could have been really embarrassing... That's awesome you told your girlfriend! Congratulations.

Damp nickers I'd love to hear that story I love car wettings!

}}

Thank you :) It was still pretty embarrassing, there were still lots of people on the boat when we made our dash and I can't believe none of them noticed that I'd wet myself :p, wearing a skirt I think Chloe got away with it though.

