Latchkey Desperation After a Run

Author: TeaPlease

*000*2019-05-17 11:14

A few weeks back I found myself desperate after a run, and it was pretty tense...

I hesitated about writing this up, as I don’t really enjoy the public embarrassment aspect of wetting, but I know some people might.

It had been warm all day, and I’d been drinking a lot of water and juice to make sure I was hydrated for an early evening run. As a result, I’d been heading to the bathroom pretty regularly throughout the work day. I got home, changed in to running clothes (white too, dark blue shorts) and headed out for a run.

Normally I’d be sure to visit the bathroom before leaving, but I’d been so recently that I skipped it this time. That was, it turned out, a mistake.

About fifteen minutes in I became aware of the weight in my bladder, with a faint ache. I found it fairly easy to ignore and focused on my breathing. As I came to the end of my run, it began to get dark, and the temperature got a lot cooler. Feeling always makes it worse for me, and I felt the tension in my stomach and felt the first twinges of urgency as I reached the end.

I slowed down to walk and stretch out, and the stretching really increased the sensation of pressure- it was quite painful! I walked back towards my house, feeling tense as the cold air seemed to squeeze my bladder with each step. I found myself hurrying, taking quick slightly awkward steps, and noticed my breathing was quite tight.

I passed a shop on the way home and remembered I needed a few things for dinner. The pain was slightly sharper now and I was feeling quite fidgety, but I decided to shop now rather than delay dinner by having to come out again later on. Another mistake.

I went in to the store and the cold from the fridges was a shock. I tended up, and felt a twitchy, crappy feeling in my abdomen. I was trying not to breath too hard, and I was aware I looked tense. I grabbed what I needed and joined the queue.

Of course, the line was long, and I waited for what felt like ages, shifting my weight from foot to foot, trying to keep my breathing steady. I hoped anyone who saw would just assume I was sore after my run, rather than desperate! All the while the the cold air was making me uncomfortably aware of the feeling of pressure, and I was starting to worry about the short walk home.

I finally got to the front, and tried to act calm and unhurried when i talked to the cashier. I could feel my heartbeat, and there was a regular cramping feeling from my bladder now.

Once I’d paid, I stuffed the food into my rucksack with shaky hands, and shuffled quickly to the door and ran to cross the street.

The lights took forever to change and I was hopping from foot to foot now, gritting my teeth as the waves came and hoping everyone would assume my discomfort was purely down to exercise. When the lights finally changed, I walked awkwardly across the street, feeling a hard cramp as I reached the other side. All I could think about was the reaching my bathroom.

I wasn’t sure if I’d leaked a drop or two whenever I started to cross the road. My shorts looked ok but I felt another spasm, and I really wasn’t my sure I’d make it home in time, so I decided to run the rest of the way.

This actually seemed to help, and I was less aware of the pain and pressure, until I slowed down to get my keys out. My muscles were shaky and I was sure I would lose control soon.

As I walked quickly to the doorstep I felt a tingling, then warmth - a tiny leak for certain this time.

I kept my back to the street and hoped no one I knew would pass me as I got to the front door, still fumbling with my keys.

I was obviously dancing from foot to foot and cursing slightly under my breath. I was desperately hoping my neighbours wouldn’t see me! I got the right key, and just got it to the door lock when i felt a longer leak l, the material of my shorts sticking to one leg. I took a deep breath and regained control, and I opened the front door, sprinting down the hall to door to my flat.

I was trembling all over now and the pain was constant. As I slowed to get the next key ready I felt my muscles give up for a second and strong jet escaped and my leg felt wet. I looked down in horror but thankfully, although my shoes were damp, but the carpet was safe - for now. I had obviously wet myself a little and I was terrified someone would pass through the hall.

I got the key in to the lock and hurled myself through the door, running to the bathroom. As i went I felt jerky cramps and several long leaks before I finally got the the bathroom. The relief was incredible.

Before showering and and washing my kit I checked the carpet- the hallway was fine, so was the flat, but there was a trail of tiny puddles across my kitchen floor. Finally I cleaned up and went for a shower. The whole thing had left me quite drained, and I was too shaken up to take pictures!

Lesson learned: do not skip that break before a run....

