Barely Made It

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-03-12 04:59

Hello! This week, I went on a trip to Tremont to see some family members. I was in the car and driving back, and I had made two stops so far. One to use the bathroom, and one to eat lunch. Now, my trip back was a 9 hour drive, and I was 6 and a half hours in. I had to pee a little bit, and it had been around 3 hours since my last stop, but it was late and I really didn’t want to stop again. And it wasn’t that bad, so why stop now? I would later regret that choice… I went about my ride as normal for another 40 minutes, and I was doing fine until an uncomfortable throb made me realize how much water I had. My big bottle was barely full anymore, and I had to go pretty badly. My seatbelt pressing on my more than halfway full bladder was not helping either. I squirmed and occasionally gripped my crotch to keep myself from leaking, because it was so late and I really didn’t want to stop. 

But as another house passed, I was at my limit and desperate for a toilet. I was gripping my crotch hard now, squirming, and leaking. I had about 30 minutes left to go, and I didn’t think I was going to make it. There’s not much I can do to describe this time except for uncomfortable, and me leaking a lot. When I got out of the car, I look under my hoodie and saw a large wet spot by my crotch. I didn’t even bother to empty the trunk as I potty danced at the front door to get inside. It was really late so my roommate was sleeping by now, so I rushed to the bathroom and started to pull down my pants once I was inside. I kept leaking as I sat down on the toilet, and then I finally relived myself. It was like turning on a faucet at full blast, or that’s what it sounded like. I got my stuff out of the car when I was done, and then went to bed. Thanks for reading my story today!

