Shruthi

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-05-22 03:26

Hi everyone! As those of you who have read my stories before would know, Shruthi was my girlfriend for a long time. We broke up a while back on a mutual basis. Rather than letting them fade away to the recesses of my mind, I have decided to write down a couple of the best experiences, Omorashi related, that I witnessed or was told about by her while we were dating.

___

THE FIRST TIME (discovering the fetish, happened in 9th grade)

So basically I had gone to a friend's house one day to make out with my girlfriend as neither of us could go to each other's houses. The friend's house was available as his parents were out. Anyway, we went to his house and had a couple of beers ( we all drank back then) and Shruthi and I went off into a room and started fooling around.

About half an hour later the bell rang. A panicked friend shooed us into the main hall bathroom (the only one not in his parent's room) to hide. Unfortunately, it was his parents. They were good friends with Shruthi's parents and would most definitely have told her parents had they seen her coming out of the bathroom with a strange boy.

About 20 minutes in and some whispered conversation later she justified her continuous squirming and frantic listening to the door, citing her desperation.

I felt a weird kind of stirring inside me, deep in my stomach. I had no idea that I was turned on, I just encouraged her to hold it and hugged her and we kept talking.

I'm not really sure of how long it was but quite some time later, she awkwardly whispered to me that she wouldn't be able to hold it and that she was going to go. She made me turn around in the cramped bathroom and face the wall. She lifted her kurti and began to untie her salwa.

I'm still unsure of why I did it, but it seemed logical at the time. I didn't want her to use the commode. I asked her to just hang on and wait. Probably embarrassed she paced around the room for another 10 minutes, silently.

She turned to me and told me that she needed to go and that she was going. She made me turn around as she began to hastily pull down her salwa and squat over the commode.

The splatter of release pulled my trigger, literally. It was the first time ( as it still is to this day). I suddenly convulsed, hearing the forceful splashing behind me, and gasped in indescribable pleasure as I uncontrollably shot my load into the tight denim fabric of my jeans.

*001*2015-05-27 06:04

THE CAMP

Warning, Contains:

Scat [nothing graphic, just desperation] Detailed male and female desperation Sexual scenes [not that graphic]

Guys, this story is pretty long, so gonna post it in segments. Please comment so other people get a chance to see this. Hope you enjoy.

So, this is one of the only scat-related incidents that Shruthi had narrated to me and that I had not first hand witnessed, and, as such, it has a special place in my mind. This happened about a year before we met, when she was in late 8th grade or early 9th. At the time I believe she was about 15.

As anyone who may have read my other posts may know, the only time that I had witnessed or known about any desperation pertaining to scat on Shruthi's part was when she was incredibly desperate and couldn't help me figuring out. This story on the other hand, was told to me fully of her own accord, when we were around 12th standard. I asked her, during phone sex, as we were both pleasuring ourselves, to tell me the story of the first time that she masturbated, and this is what I got, Enjoy!

Before Shruthi joined my school, she was in quite an upper class institute on the other side of the city called Maruthi International School. This school used to take the kids on a field trip once a year. This time, they had selected a wildlife reserve on the border of Kerala called Nagarhole as the destination.

The students of grades 8th and 9th ( a standard grouping in most schools), boarded the bus and set off. The four hour bus ride passed without incident. Owing to the shortness of the trip, the bus mad no stops along the way.

Once they had reached the destination, the teachers told them to go freshen up, directing them to the bathrooms, and told them to assemble in the main building in 5 minutes. Shruthi headed in the direction that the teachers had pointed her in, and upon seeing a large sign marked ಬಾತ್ರೂಮ್ (bathroom), she entered the doorway beneath, and was shocked by what she saw.

Rather than the narrow rectangular room that she was expecting, she found herself in a massive hall, with one stretch of the wall dotted with grey bathroom doors and on the opposite side, a long row of sinks. What was really shocking to her though, was that there were guys entering and leaving the stalls as well.

At first she was convinced that she had mistakenly entered the wrong bathroom, and turned to leave, but as she was doing so, she saw two of her teachers, Sridevi and Ranjeeti enter whilst casually chatting. The concept of a unisex bathroom was, she told me on the phone, an unheard of one for her, and not unbelievably so.

In overly-conservative Indian society, there are LAWS against unisex bathrooms, ( usually as a misbehavior-prevention device). However, these are only implemented in cities, rural and tribal police, as well as the majority of the citizens, do not share the same qualms as their urban counterparts.

Feeling relieved that at the fact that at least she wasn't in the wrong bathroom, she walked towards the stall, entered the first one of the stretch, shut the door behind her, hearing the click, and turned to inspect the bathroom. It was surprisingly clean, with a roll of toilet paper on a ledge in the back. Unfortunately, she thought to herself, it was an Indian style commode.

Just for those of you not from India, the majority of mid-middle class Indians are raised using Western style toilets, and so, for them, especially the girls, using the Indian commode is as daunting a task as it would be for you.

She awkwardly positioned herself over the basin, unbuckled her belt, unbuttoned her jeans, and gently slid them down to her calves, and squatted down. Her need was not desperate, merely one of convenience, and so it took a while for the stream to begin. After about 8 seconds however, it began to flow gently. She sighed in relief and relaxed.

Suddenly a familiar click sounded and the door in front of the squatting Shruthi flung open to reveal a stunned male figure, frozen in his place about a step into the stall. Shruthi attempted to jump to her feet but, midway remembering the stream, lunged for the door and slammed it shut, still managing to keep her nether-regions over the basin. Luckily for her no other attempt was made by the boy to enter the stall. Still, she was mortified. She had been seen partially naked and in her most intimate of moments by a stranger. Heart beating quickly with embarrassment, she dabbed herself quickly, stood up, buttoned up her trousers, and stepped outside. Much to her relief, the boy was gone.

She went to the main hall, got the keys to her room, which she was to share with two of her classmates, and rushed to the room, entered and bolted the door behind her shut, and sat down on the bed. Shruthi reflected on what had happened. The flush in her cheeks and her racing pulse weren't the result of solely embarrassment. She felt strangely excited in the fact that another person, a boy, had seen her going. As she sat and thought about this, her soon to be roommates knocked on the door.

Shruthi greeted them and began to chat. One of them was Shivani, her friend from class. The other was Priyanka, a senior.

The next couple of days passed without incident. Shruthi discovered that only the first stall was an Indian style one; the rest of the 10+ stalls had western style loos. One day she returned to the bathrooms while the rest of the students were at sports. She inspected the lock on the first stall. Sure enough it was broken. The tiny locking mechanism in the handle had long since failed to deploy, and as such, all that was needed was a turn of the knob from outside to enter.

Over these couple of days, Shruthi got practically no time to herself. The room in which she stayed had no bathroom, one had to go to the hall. The hall in which the stalls were was locked at 12 in the night and opened at 7 in the morning.

There was another development as well. There was a boy, a senior, called Ravi. Shruthi had been noticing him for days. He was fair, slim and simultaneously muscular. She didn't ever speak to him, but observed him quietly from afar.

On the 3rd day, as per the trip plan, the students were to depart at 6 in the morning to a jungle camp, in which they would stay for the next 2 days and nights. At 5:30 that morning, the teachers came to each room, knocked on the doors, loaded the sleepy students onto the bus and set off, as the sun rose behind them.

The drive concluded at 9 and the students got off the bus. It was only then that they noticed just how far from civilization they had come.

Apparently, this was the school's first booing for a trip at this venue and they had failed to scout it out first. What had been advertised as a remote jungle lodge was a lot more remote than we had thought. There were a couple of wooden logged shacks with mattresses inside, but there was no mobile signal, TV, or other form of technology. The only other person there was the old caretaker, a hunched man who spoke only Kannada.

Owing to the relatively cool weather, the day passed by quickly and was a lot of fun. It was only in the afternoon, around 3, that Shruthi was forced to pay heed to the growing pang in her bladder. She walked over to Shivani and whispered quickly in her ear. Shivani nodded and responded that she too needed a visit to the loo. They set off together to locate the bathroom.

After searching for nearly half an hour, they were still unable to find the restrooms. Shruthi was willing to keep looking <as she intensely pointed out to me on the phone> but Shivani, citing what was quickly becoming an urgent need, suggested they ask a teacher.

Shruthi conceded and went off with Shivani in search of a teacher, only, no female teachers could be found. Upon casually asking the PE teacher as to where Mrs Sridevi was, she was told that both Sridevi and Ranjeeti had been sent back with the bus to pick up and bring the next load of students. <Apparently, Shruthi told me on the phone, you need at least 2 female teachers on a coed school bus when on journeys, probably for restroom related reasons>

Shivani was getting worried now and, against her better judgement, went near a tree and gestured the PE teacher to come. When he did, she asked, stammeringly and haltingly,

"Uh, Sir <awkward grinning> Where is the washroom?",

The PE teacher mistaking her question nodded and pointed behind the building saying,

"Washbasin is there"

Shivani's face was red with embarrassment as she was forced to reiterate, while squirming slightly,

"Uh no sir, where is the <lowering her voice> toilet?"

The PE teacher looked aghast and taken aback. He scratched his head in bewilderment, obviously never having considered this problem. He shrugged his shoulders, apologized, and headed back.

Shruthi's need was rapidly growing more urgent, she looked at Shivani and confirmed her suspicions about her. Out of embarrassment, Shruthi said nothing, just stood, clenching her pelvic muscles, until Shivani spoke out.

"Can you wait until Sridevi gets back? We could ask her."

It was quite obvious that Shivani couldn't but Shruthi, still too embarrassed to give voice to the urgency of her need responded in the affirmative. Shruthi and Shivani returned to their room. Shruthi sat on the edge of the mattress and began to read, Shivani lay down and took a nap.

About 3 hours later, around 7, Shruthi's need had become severe. While Shivani lay sleeping serenely, Shruthi's bladder was pulsing painfully, forcing her to keep getting up and pacing around. Soon though it became too bad, and Shruthi shook Shivani's arm gently.

"Come, I think Sridevi will be back by now."

Shivani was groggy, but apparently, her need was still present, if not even more greatly amplified than Shruthi's. They left the shack and went in search of Sridevi. When they finally found her, she was sitting in a clearing, with her legs crossed. Shivani approached her and asked about the toilets.

"Um, I'm sorry dear but..."

"But what!", Shivani interrupted, eyes wide, bent forward ever so slightly, resting a hand on her lower abdomen.

"But I'm afraid there's no bathrooms here. The bloody school never bothered to scout out the place. There's a clearing in the field over there that all the girls are using. Don't feel bad, it's safe and it's just once or twice, we'll be leaving tomorrow, you can all use the proper bathrooms when we get back."

Shivani looked shell-shocked, she returned and conveyed the news to Shruthi. Shruthi nodded understandingly though this was far from how she was presently feeling. She asked Shivani if she should accompany her. Shivani looked at her confused.

"But I thought you had to go too?"

"Not in a field Shivani", Shruthi said with an unintentional air of haughtiness. "Don't worry, I'll be fine."

"Well I won't," said Shivani, "I'll see you back at the shack", and with that she sprinted off towards the clearing.

Shruthi knew that she wouldn't be able to wait forever, but at least she could go when there was absolutely no chance of anybody seeing her, she just had to hold out till then.

*003*2015-05-28 04:22

Thanks Alex :)

___

5 minutes later, Shivani returned looking extremely relieved. Shruthi was painfully jealous but said nothing.

They went for dinner 10 minutes later and sat down to eat. Shruthi heaped her plate full with Sambar and Idly, running around the jungle all day had been a lot more hectic than she thought. She ate her food quietly with crossed legs jumping under the table.

She returned to her room, and settled down for the night. Laying down, she discovered that she was too desperate to fall into a proper sleep. By means of crossed ankles and a hand tightly inserted between the thighs, she was able to lay down on her side, and fall into a somewhat-asleep mostly-awake state. After what seemed like ages, she began to doze off, the need seemed like a far off problem. When a sudden splash of moistness on her left upper thigh woke her up.

She jumped silently to her feet, and dashed outside of the shack to inspect the damage lest her roommate see. Sure enough, the shine of the light outside confirmed her fears. There was a fist sized wet patch on the inside crotch of the pink checkered boxers in which she was sleeping. Even as she was checking another wave came that she could barely curb. SHE HAD TO GO NOW.

Not bothering to recover even her shoes from the room, Shruthi dashed out into the night, towards a clearing she had seen earlier, somewhere away from her shack. When she had finally cleared the hedges and entered the field, she dashed behind the first tree she saw, and, already weeing, yanked down her slightly damaged boxers and crouched, the pent up urine splashing loudly on the dried leaves below.

Barely 5 seconds had passed when Shruthi was forced to stop her stream and yank up her wet boxers, upon seeing the shine of a phone's flashlight in the distance and the crunching of feet upon leaves.

A lean muscular body shot through the hedges and even in the poor illumination of the phone's light Shruthi was able to recognize Ravi. He had barely cleared the hedges as he turned off the flashlight and yanked out his hose and began furiously urinating onto the ground in front of him.

Shruthi was blown. Even though she could only see a dim silhouette of the boy, the sound of his piss did much more for her.

Her own need was getting frantic, but she managed to shove it off. She knew that the moment Ravi suspected there was someone else in the clearing, he would bolt. She continued to watch him, listening to his moans of relief.

A sudden splatter of liquid on leaves warranted a spin of Ravi's head, as the still squatting Shruthi, lost control for just a moment, her urethra shooting a millisecond of pent up urine through her pink pulled-up boxers. Shruthi responded by rapidly jamming a hand between her legs and remaining perfectly still. Ravi's urgency, apparently much more that his suspicion, won the battle and his stream continued for at least another minute.

Shruthi just remained squatting behind the tree, dumbstruck, watching the entire thing. The urgency in her own bladder was building up at an alarming rate, probably a result of the position in which she was. Twice since the first, her nether regions had sprayed pressurized shots of piss at her crotch in rebellion of her will.

Ravi had finished and had turned the light back on, much to Shruthi's pleasure. He readjusted his pants and zipped up his fly and bean walking towards the hedge.

Shruthi was still squatting, with both hand between the legs of her boxers, pressing tightly and slowly rubbing back and forth, following the lead of her legs. Shruthi rocked back and forth in her squatting position, gasping for breath, willing herself to hold on for just another moment.

Suddenly a loud fart cut through the air. For a split second Shruthi thought it was her err, but as she turned towards the light, she saw Ravi standing perfectly still, legs tightly crossed, and bent over, hand tightly clutching his lower abdomen. Shruthi's heart leaped in morbid fascination. She knew what she had seen and she knew its significance.

Ravi had to shit. Bad.

As he steadied himself and made his way out of the clearing, Shruthi's bladder did the same. A lone droplet of urine escaped, crawling down towards her taint before falling onto the fabric of her boxers. This droplet was followed by another, and another, and another.

Ravi was less than halfway through the hedge when Shruthi's pelvic muscles failed. A torrent of the day's piss erupted violently from her. She just managed to wrench her boxers out of the way before the yellow stream hit the forest floor. Shruthi moaned in relief. She looked at her hands, damp from pressing against the soaked cotton of her boxers. She felt warm. Everywhere.

A minute later, just as Shruthi was finishing, she felt a familiar sensation in her lower stomach. The pressing of her stomach. The loosening of her bowels. The dilating of her...

She jumped to her feet, recognizing what was happening and determined to prevent it. Shruthi crossed her legs and stood up straight, clenching her ass tightly, her sphincter muscles were of no use against the overpowering force. She was worried by how bad it had gotten, how strong the urge was. If she had squatted for a second longer .......

She shivered at the thought. The urge subsided and she pulled up the cold wet boxers from her ankles. She returned to the room, discarding the boxers in a bush outside, slipped into a new pair after drying herself off, and lay down for the night; visions of Ravi wetting and fantasies of his fight against his bowels that would surely come on the morrow, Shruthi drifted off into a peaceful sleep, a warm and comforting moistness between her thighs lubricating her imagination and the slow steady pressure on her bowels only turned her on more as she knew that Ravi must be feeling the exact same thing.

*004*2015-05-31 04:39

Shruthi awoke the early the next morning with a racing heart. Her few hours of sleep had been filled with dreams and fantasies about Ravi mingled with an unspeakable longing. She got up, and donned a pair of shorts quickly lest Shivani see her boxers and know that she changed. She felt okay, quite happy, albeit somewhat bloated. She slipped on a pair of shoes and walked around outside, taking deep breaths of the cold morning air. In the light of the still rising sun, Shruthi walked around, subliminally hoping to see Ravi desperately running to the clearing, hand tightly clutching ass, but to no avail.

After a 20 minute walk, Shruthi returned to her shack, sat down in the corner and began to read her book. She had barely finished half a chapter when the bell signaling breakfast rang. She eagerly got up and raced to the hall, hoping for at least a glimpse of Ravi; not to mention, she was famished.

Arriving in the hall, she saw that there were less than a dozen students there. She quickly scanned their faces, then her heart leapt in ecstasy as she saw Ravi at the serving counter, making his plate. She walked over to the line, grabbed herself a plate and stood behind him. She took 3 dosai and a couple of idlis before grabbing a small cup of filter coffee and sitting down.

She glanced over her shoulder to see Ravi, walking calmly and composedly towards an empty table, his plate in his hands. A flash of worry ran through her upon seeing how calm he was. Perhaps he had relieved himself in the night. Maybe he didn't need to go anymore. Shruthi was unexpectedly crestfallen at this idea. Shunning her reasoning and shyness she decided to make contact. She was surprised at her own boldness and this incessant pleasurable pain of her drumming excited heart.

Fully aware of the coffee's powerful laxative properties, she took another one from the breakfast line, held her's in the other hand and went and plopped herself down on the seat next to Ravi.

"Coffee?", she said, smiling.

He spun around, obviously surprised, smiled back, and accepted.

She introduced herself and he himself. They sat talking, eating, and drinking their coffee's at the table for the better part of an hour.

"Hey, you wanna walk around?", Ravi inquired of Shruthi.

An ecstatic Shruthi, living out her fantasy, nodded breathlessly, and standing up, followed Ravi out of the hall.

They spent the majority of the day together. For Shruthi it was as if she was in a dream. They found that they had a lot in common and talked about football a lot. Shruthi was continually inspecting Ravi's motions and body language, trying to pick up on any hints of desperation.

As they were walking around on the grass near the hedges separating the resort from the clearing, two girls walked quickly past them, Shruthi couldn't help but notice that the one on the left was carrying a dirty bottle of water with her. As they passed by, a lone sentence of their conversation managed to reach the ears of Ravi and Shruthi:

"I haven't gone to the bathroom since yesterday da!". It was said in a high pitched melodramatic voice by the girl who carried the water bottle ashamedly by her side.

Ravi and Shruthi paused and looked at each other awkwardly as the girls crossed by, then Ravi started to laugh. Glad that he had not found it too awkward, Shruthi began to laugh too. Sensing that now was as good a time as any to broach the subject, Shruthi's new found courage and boldness came to the forefront. She slowly stopped laughing and made a serious face.

"But really, it's appalling how the school didn't even think to check that there were bathrooms here.", she said slowly and seriously, trying to make it sound sexy but at the same time a statement that would warrant a response from Ravi. She knew, a split second after she had formed the sentence in her head, that any reply by Ravi would send her for a toss. She waited eagerly, with baited breath for Ravi to respond.

Ravi laughed and replied;

"Your'e absolutely right! I would kill for one right about now.", he chuckled, though Shruthi sensed serious undertones.

Shruthi felt a damp pulse resonate from between her thighs. Here she was talking to Ravi, the same RAVI that she had fantasized about for so long, and he had just confided in her that he was indeed desperate.

They continued to chat for some time when the bell for lunch sounded from the main hall. Shruthi began to walk towards it, Ravi by her side. She had been thinking about his current situation for quite some time and she had made up her mind. She was going to get him as packed and bursting as she physically could and then watch and see how things played out.

Her nether regions tingled in agreement with her plan.

Surprisingly, Shruthi was not feeling desperate at all at lunch time. She felt completely normal, except for a slight urge to pee.<She went to great lengths to convince me of this on the phone>. She was quite hungry again, it was now almost 3 and she had last eaten at 7. She served a large plate of food for herself and went and sat next to Ravi whose plate looked dismally empty.

"What's the meaning of this?", she questioned, gesturing to the empty plate.

"Not really feeling all that well..", he mumbled.

"Oh my god! Stop whining and grow a pair! I'm a girl and I'm eating this!", she waved to her plate, "Don't tell me you can't eat as much as me!!".

Ravi looked up seriously. He had a competitive attitude by nature, not to mention that Shruthi was a junior to him. He smiled, cocked his head, and took up the challenge. He gave his plate to Shruthi who went crazy on the serving line, heaping his plate with rice, spicy curry, pepper water, and a tonne of rajma ( a type of Indian lentil known for it's laxative properties). She returned grinning and placed the plate down on the table in front of him.

Ravi grinned again, and switched the plates, leaving Shruthi with the one just served.

"Go for it", he said tauntingly.

Shruthi had not anticipated this but had gone too far to back out. And so they sat there, for about half an hour, until both of them had finished their meals. Shruthi was stuffed, she felt relaxed and sleepy. Ravi on the other hand, looked slightly worried.

Shruthi gave him a cup of coffee, and, after downing one herself, suggested they walk. Ravi agreed and they set off walking once more.

Shruthi's mind was racing. She had to keep Ravi near her until the buses left in the evening; otherwise, he would surely relieve himself in a field somewhere. Sure enough, Ravi kept excusing himself, citing every reason other than the truth. Yet, by sheer luck, Shruthi managed to keep him by her side. It was now sundown, around 7:00, and Shruthi was beginning to worry. A heavy load was beginning to manifest itself in her lower stomach. She felt a pull in her chest when she thought about it. It was rapidly becoming severe. Not just that, but the numerous coffee's had long since gone to her bladder.

She tried to keep her mind of it, and continued chatting with Ravi for an hour, noticing his growing need by the squirming of his legs, frequent stomach clutches, and the look of discomfort on his chiseled face. The pulses of her bladder however, were growing too bad to ignore. She was forced to keel over a couple of times and cross her legs occasionally, but did everything in her power to refrain holding herself in front of the man she found so attractive.

After 5 minutes of pained internal dilemma, a short squirt into her tight green cotton underwear made her sit up and take it seriously. She needed to piss now lest there be a repeat of last night in full view of Ravi. She turned to him and broke a silence,

"Heeyyy...", Shruthi trailed awkwardly, "I actually needed to go see my roommate. There's something I just remembered that I needed to talk to her about."

Ravi was unsure as to what this was really about but replied quickly, pouncing on the opportunity that he now had to relieve himself.

"Sure, I actually needed to get something from my roommate as well. Want me to drop you at your shack?"

Shruthi nodded in the affirmative and they set off. Upon reaching her shack however, they found that the frail wooden door was bolted from the outside with a lock. The bags of her and her roommates had been left outside the room. Upon asking around, Shruthi found out that the rooms had only been booked till 5. Until 11, when the buses left, they had to entertain themselves outside or in the main hall.

Shruthi was really worried now. With nobody in the room, and no network, there were no means of her locating her roommate. It was dark and they were in the middle of nowhere, it wasn't safe for her to go relieve herself alone.

She shrugged off her need, keeping it at bay by walking around with Ravi, when suddenly it surged back to the forefront when a rivulet of liquid trickled out of her and she gasped, standing still and crossing her legs. She stood near the hedge.

Ravi turned back to look at her;

"Is everything alright?", he asked, genuinely, sounding concerned.

"Yes.....uh well, no", She couldn't hide her need any longer. "Could you...Could you just come and watch out for a second".

Before Ravi could answer Shruthi was crawling through the hedges. Ravi followed after her quickly

"Hey don't go there! That's where people...", Ravi paused suddenly as he reached the other side and saw a squirming Shruthi fiddling frantically with her jean buttons.

Shruthi looked up in tearful acknowledgement, but dashed behind a bush and yanked her sweaty sports jersey shorts down to her ankles along with her green underwear in one deft pull. Instantly the floodgates opened. She peeked through the bushes to see Ravi awkwardly standing, squirming and facing the other way. Behind the loud stream of relief, another need, a more dangerous need was coming to the forefront. With no prior indication whatsoever, Shruthi farted loudly, losing sphincter control for just a second. She was alarmed to see Ravi's head snap around.

Another fart followed, then two more in quick succession. What had earlier been a comfortable feeling of fullness down below, a sensation of 'needing to go' but without being desperate, was turning into an unmistakable and urgent need to poo. Feeling a sturdy log ramming through her defenses, Shruthi clamped her pelvic muscles tight and stood bolt upright, yanking her shorts back up to her waist.

She walked awkwardly past Ravi, muttered an apology, to which he replied with,

" 's okay, happens to the best of us".

They continued walking and sat down on a tree. An awkward silence prevailed. Shruthi, taking a deep breath and summoning up what was left of her courage after the humiliating incident, addressed Ravi.

"Hey.... Ravi, do you need to um.. do you need to piss at all?"

Ravi looked taken aback;

"No! Not at all, why would you think that!??", he responded, affronted.

"Well, just that, you don't look very comfortable...", Shruthi trailed off, her eyes focusing in on his squirming on the tree branch.

"Well I'm not very comfortable talking about this." He replied, suddenly stern. Shruthi snapped back to reality, worried that maybe she had pushed him too far. What if he thought she was a pervert? She began to panic. Shruthi apologized profusely and Ravi shook his head in forgiveness.

The hours sped by and the bus failed to come. 11, 12, 1, finally at 1:30 the bus pulled in to the area. The driver was instantly greeted with a volley of abuses by the teachers for his tardiness, which he blamed on not being called and thus having left only later. The teachers loaded all of the students onto the bus. Luckily, Shruthi thought to herself upon entering the bus, the seats next to Ravi's friends were taken. She sidled up to the very back row and sat next to Ravi.

___

Please leave a comment if you're enjoying it. Thank you :)

*006*2015-06-03 13:09

This is the End :P Enjoy !

___

The bus ride passed without much event. The hours accumulated as did the pressure in Shruthi's tummy. She clenched her sphincter muscles tightly and rued her lunch decisions, they were coming back to bite her in the ass.

​She sat sleeplessly, and watched Ravi who was staring out the window intensely. She slowly began to pay close attention and to highlight any betrayal of his desperation. She noticed an occasional squirming of the legs, in which he rubbed his thighs together briefly. She also noticed him occasionally tapping his foot frantically on the bus floor.

Even as Shruthi was watching this, she was every second becoming more and more aware of her own growing need. The pressure inside of her stomach was increasing rapidly, it was becoming uncomfortable to say the least. It wasn't a bloated feeling either; the load had a direct point on which it was exerting pressure and she tensed her muscles unerringly to hold it back. Luckily for her, she thought to herself, she didn't need to pee, having not drank anything since her last squat. The same could not be said for Ravi, she thought to herself, with a morbid imagination, a rapid heartbeat, and a splash of pleasure between her thighs. Unless he had gone before she met him early this morning, he hadn't gone for more than a day! The thought excited her greatly and she drifted off among fantasies of witnessed wettings.

She quickly brought herself back to reality and contemplated the situation. Should she mention something to him, or would that just weird him out like it had done before. Or should she wait for him to bring it up, but given the fact that not one mention of his current predicament had been made, the thought seemed unlikely. Eventually, she decided that the ideal plan was to say nothing, but make her need even more visible, in the hope that Ravi may notice it and say something - it wasn't a hard thing to do either, her defenses were strained and tired.

Shruthi pressed her right palm against the meeting of her thighs and squeezed as hard as she could, faking this need as it was easier to display than the real one - not to mention, the warmth and strength of her squeezing hand against her panties felt strangely relaxing.

She wondered on the strength of Ravi's bladder. They had both gone at the same time last night and while he was still holding out, she had nearly wet herself HOURS back. Shruthi knew for a fact that, had she not squatted in that clearing, the present would look much different; inclusive of wet knickers and soaked shorts.

As the bus went over a speed-breaker, sending Ravi and Shruthi flying into orbit, Ravi clutched his stomach and bent forward, a moan escaping from between his lips.

"Everything okay?", asked a squirming Shruthi.

"Stomach ache", he mumbled in a voice strained.

"Aaahh", Shruthi moaned so softly she herself could barely hear it. "Me too, I haven't gone in almost 3 days", she whispered truthfully. The last time she had emptied herself was the second evening. She had left the evening group to nip off for a quick wee in the western style loos in the center of the row in the hall. Upon sitting down and voiding, she felt another release as well. She had cut it off as hastily as she could, only one log down. How she wished she had just sat and waited.

Her pounding heart had stolen her tongue from her brain. All she wanted to hear was Ravi confessing. Confessing to the bulge in his bladder. Confessing to the load. Confessing everything.... Her moist thoughts faded away as Ravi chuckled and whispered back hoarsely.

"4"

She looked at him quizzically.

"It's been 4 days since I've gone", he replied with a pained smile.

Shruthi's heart went for a toss. She felt weightless inside and suddenly, more alive. She was confident now, she needn't say anything, she just needed to watch and magnify her own desperation.

Sure enough, within an hour, Ravi was rocking on his seat like he might just explode any second. He was taking shallow frantic breaths, gulping in air.

Shruthi wasn't much better. While she wasn't rocking, she had diverted almost her full attention to the throbbing in her stomach below. Her sphincter suddenly gave way, having been tensed for too long. Instinctively Shruthi gasped and clenched her buttocks tightly, trapping the escapee.

Ravi looked at her knowingly and giggled, "karma".

Shruthi couldn't help but smile. Ravi looked genuinely frantic now however, his incessant rocking and squirming were beginning to worry even her. Luckily, just under 2 minutes later, the bus pulled up at the resort.

Students jumped from their seats, as if they had been awake all this time, and made a beeline for the bus exit. Shruthi and Ravi, trapped in the last seat, were the last to get off the bus. Immediately after disembarking, Ravi turned to Shruthi.

"Hey, gonna visit the restroom, will meet you in a second.", he said, turning to walk away mid-sentence.

Shruthi, not at all mindful of her words at this point, opened up her mouth quickly and said,

"Hey, don't forget about me", indignantly, "Stomach ache remember", she said, a coy smile wafting on the corners of her mouth.

He smiled awkwardly and began to walk towards the bathroom hall, consciously slow, Shruthi noted, as if he was trying to hide his predicament. Upon reaching the door to the hall however, nothing could hide what he was trying so hard to conceal.

The scene outside the bolted door was one of utmost anarchy. A swarm of girls, at least 20 or so, along with at least 10 boys, were loitering around or banging on the door, as if it would somehow miraculously swing open from inside. Shruthi marveled at the desperation while simultaneously thinking on the fact that the number of people who would have taken a shit in the clearing would be really low, 4 to 5 perhaps. As a result,the desperation that was to come would be of a much larger scale owing to the fact that almost 150 teenagers hadn't taken a shit in 2 days at least, probably more as many had failed to go before heading on the trip to the jungle.

A painfully loud rumble from Shruthi's stomach rued her failure to have gone. Suddenly the common sense that had been absent so long made an appearance. She snapped into emergency mode. Her sphincter was struggling with the load, it couldn't hold out much longer. She was no longer able to take more than 10 steps in a given direction before being hit with pressurizing cramps from her lower bowels, forcing her to cross her legs tightly and stand perfectly still; clenching with all her might.

Shruthi was no longer acting. She was frantic. The unconscious tensing of her gut muscles was overpowering the clenching of her cheeks. Something was coming. She needed to sit down. NOW.

Not bothering to say so much as a word to Ravi, she ran as fast as semi-crossed legs could carry her and sat on the first bench she saw, just under 20 paces away. The cold sturdy steel of the bench against her buttocks gave her some relief, and helped her suppress the urge a little, if only temporarily.

Ravi walked up to the bench and sat down next to her.

"That bad huh?", he said softly and sympathetically.

Shruthi looked at him, a tear welling in her left eye and nodded in affirmative.

"Well I don't really know what to tell you, the bathrooms are only scheduled to open at 7. That's about....like 3 hours away.."..he trailed off as Shruthi moaned audibly.

She no longer felt aroused, just worried. She was less into checking out Ravi and taking notes of his desperation and more into trying not to crap her pants in front of him.

Ravi was no better off. His desperation was fully on display and by this point in time he was no longer bothered with trying to conceal it.

The sound of commotion at the door to the bathroom hall stirred both Ravi and Shruthi. They both got up wordlessly and headed over towards the cluster of people, trying <miserably> to appear normal. As they reached Shruthi noticed that they weren't even the worst off of the lot. There were people, <2 or 3 as she recounts, unsure of the gender ratio>, who had fully lost it, and had at least 2 days of food in their pants. They didn't clutch, as the desperate might do, rather they hold, awkwardly and visibly; no doubt trying to prevent it's descent down the leg. As the students all wore the school shorts, this would be clearly visible.

As they neared the center of the ruckus, they saw the grumbling old caretaker, fumbling around with a key, in the process of unlocking the latched door.

Shruthi's heart jumped, as did her stomach. She rapidly clenched again, but she feared it was too late. She maintained her position until the urge faded then discretely pressed a hand against her ass, in order to see if there were any damp spots on the back of her underwear. To confirm her worst fears, as she pressed on the middle right cheek, she felt a small and rather sticky dampness pressing back. It was happening, she was going to crap her shorts.

The sudden sound of a lock unlatching kindled hope in the hearts of all near. Shruthi pushed her way through the thronging horde streaming in to the hall, and dashed towards the center stall <the one in which she had shat last time and which she considered to be the cleanest by far>. As she was just about 10 paces away however, a sobbing Tamilian girl classmate, holding her shorts, or rather, what she was at that very moment unwillingly yet uncontrollably depositing into her shorts, ran into the stall and latched the door.

Shruthi turned around to inspect the scene. All the stalls were currently occupied <lucky bitches> and, probably because the majority of the other students didn't yet know of the hall's opening, there were only about, 1 < 2 max > in line outside of each stall.

As Shruthi was looking around the hall, she saw Ravi stumble desperately into the hall. He walked worriedly and quickly, and dashed inside the first stall. Shruthi turned back, and continued fretting about her own struggle, when suddenly the since suppressed voice of passion which had spoken so strongly back in the jungle, returned to the forefront.

"The first stall", Shruthi's mind echoed. Suddenly it snapped, an idea popped into her head. It was wrong. She tried to dismiss it immediately but the voice in her head would have none of it, and not even so deep down inside, she knew that that was what she wanted.

The first stall's door couldn't lock.

She knew it was wrong, she knew it was immoral, but this was a once in a lifetime chance. She'd never, definitely never, get this opportunity again. She went for it.

In order to prevent suspicion from those in line for the other stalls, Shruthi was convinced that it would be convincing to appear extremely desperate. She bent forward slightly, slipped a hand down the front of her shorts, held herself in the soaked vicinity between her thighs, gasped audibly and sprinted through the other lines to the first stall. She reached it, put her free hand on the handle, and swung it open with no pause or hesitation whatsoever. She was ready, her eyes were poised like cameras, ready to snap up and remember what they were about to see.

She was not disappointed. The air was thick with the smell of....well.... the whole hall at that point of time.Ravi squatted over the shallow basin, shorts clustered around his muscular hairy calves, and dick hanging freely for all to see,spraying a strong stream of pent up piss so far it landed directly at the foot of the basin. It hit the porcelain with such force that a few drops sprayed onto Shruthi's calf.

She glanced down at the white patches of the basin between them. Sure enough they were intermittently strewn logs, 3 large ones at least.

<He really wasn't lying about 4 days Shruthi tried to make me believe over the phone>

Her hand still down her shorts, squeezing tightly <not only for show> between her thighs, Shruthi felt an itch, down there. <Yes, that's how she described it. "An itch that really REALLY needed to be scratched", were the exact words>. Almost a second had passed and as Ravi began to shout and stumble backwards, trying to hoist himself into a semi-upright position while still spraying a steady flow <MESSY, very very messy Shruthi emphasized>, she moved the middle finger of the hand down there up slightly, making contact with the itch. <It was indescribable>

She felt blown. It was such a concentrated dose of warmth that it almost pained. Unfortunately, it threw her off guard entirely and her sphincter gave way. A wet loud fart cut through the air, followed rapidly by another and another, till the sharp sounds gave way to a bubbling gurgle. The unthinkable was happening, she was crapping her pants.

She dashed out of the stall, hand still inside her shorts, cupping her womanhood protectively, and, seeing the Tamil girl emerging from her stall, made a mad dash for it and cutting in front of the squirming boy who was to be next in line, sprinted inside the stall and latched the door.

The stall reeked. Even more than Ravi's had. The Tamilian girl had kicked her grey sports underwear somewhere behind the back of the loo.

Her finger was moving uncontrollably now, it was as if that hand was glued to her. She couldn't remove it, nor would she dream of doing so. The tip of her finger circled the clitoris, gently flicking the itch, again and again. Random images flashed through her mind. A desperate Ravi, sprinting into the field. Ravi clutching his stomach on the bus. The mighty penis of Ravi spraying its reservoir all over Shruthi's ankles. The smell of that stall.

A large log began to edge it's way through Shruthi's waning defenses. She was turtle heading. She couldn't delay it any longer. It needed to be done, even now,her other hand wouldn't sway.

Using her free hand,she yanked up the toilet lid, accidentally lifting the seat with it in her haste. The toilet was no cleaner than the last girl's panties. Two logs and some splatter decorated it's white frame. Not caring at all for the yellow splashes of liquid on the rim or the mess within, Shruthi quickly plopped herself down on the cold rim of the toilet, still itching between her lips frantically, increasing in pace.

Random images and memories continued to flash through her mind. Ravi holding himself on the bus, his frantic rocking. Him seeing her piss in the forest. Her watching him relieve himself at night.

The moistness of her lips had increased exponentially. It felt, according to her, as if she was in the process of beginning a desperately needed piss.

Her sphincter gave way now, popping like a stretched rubber when she sat down on the toilet bowl. She felt a large log shoot out of her, violently splashing into the water of the bowl, sending droplets of the water onto her thighs and inner ass. Another log quickly squeezed its way out of her.

She was aggressively rubbing her pussy, riding the wave towards the crescendo. She felt as if she was about to piss, but she kept stroking, the pleasure outweighing fears.

That's when she came. All went quiet and a peaceful gentle whiteness covered everything. The speed of her strokes slowly subsided as she slouched back onto wall behind the bowl, breathing heavily.

She sat up, spend about another 5 minutes finishing up her movement, cleaned off with some water, and stood up to leave the stall. She removed her tortured green panties, mournfully discarding them behind the toilet, next to the grey sports underwear.

She tried to flush the loo but found that there was no water in the pump. She was worried for a second, as the toilet was in despicable shape, the small pool of water at the base barely visible anymore beneath the pile of the last 3 days worth of food. What would the poor desperate boy outside think? Shruthi shrugged off her femininity with her new found confidence. She wasn't concerned in the slightest as to what the boy outside would think.

Let him know:

Girls do it too.

___

So yep, that's that. Please comment and tell me how you found it.

And don't worry, there's still at least a handful of experiences, albeit not as good as this, but desperation nonetheless, which I haven't recounted. So those will be coming on this forum shortly :)

*008*2015-06-22 02:00

New story coming tonight :) !!

*009*2015-06-23 13:37

Hello everyone;

Sorry to disappoint but I don't think I'll be posting anything more about Shruthi. Today I sat down and tried to write an experience but just couldn't. It felt kind of wrong, like I was cheating on my current girlfriend. It's not very sensible (I know), but that's the way it is; I've kinda moved on.

DON'T WORRY though, I'll be posting more stuff, about Sakshi, my present spouse. Some really good stuff's happenned so keep an eye out on the forums, i'll try to post soon.

