For the First Time in Forever

Author: buggy2013

*000*2016-12-28 06:16

Just peed in my pants for the first time in the longest time. I decided to stay up late and started sucking down water and watched a little tv with my mom. I was filling up, but kept right on drinking. When she finally declared that she was ready for bed I was immensely relieved. I bid her a goodnight and headed downstairs to my room. Then came the tough part; waiting for her to finish her ritualistic checking of the lights, pets, stove, oven, and locks. It takes her anywhere from 10-40 minutes depending on the night. I could hear her wandering around for a good 20 minutes, and I almost thought about giving in, as I was wriggling around like crazy on my bed, I'd overdone the water a bit.

FINALLY the door upstairs closed and I was in the clear. I gathered my shower supplies and locked myself away in the downstairs bathroom. I stood before the mirror in my jeans with my bladder stretched tightly inside me. I decided to go as slow as possible, mostly to see if I could control letting out little spurts and to see how much I'd be comfortable showing somewhere public. (here's hoping I get a wet outing soon)

I was actually very good at letting out small spurts, despite the desire to just gush. I was busting and letting little bits go was such a tease and sometimes I had to squirm quite furiously to keep it together. I danced and squirmed and let squirts out, watching it spread on my thighs, across my butt, past my knees. Once I'd thoroughly wet them I stood in the shower and let loose. It sprayed between my legs and ran in rivets down the fabric, splattering into the drain. It lasted a while, despite having already soaked the pants with the first half of my bladders contents. Not a dry spot could be found as I panted in relief.

I turned the shower on and let the fresh water rinse the clothes a bit before wringing them out and cleaning myself up. As a point to how much water I'd had, partway through my short shower I peed a decent amount again, letting the shower stream wash it away. I'd say it's been a good night!

*004*2017-01-28 01:33

{{On 12/29/2016 at 8:16 AM, aussie91 said:

I also wash my pee pants in the shower. what do you do when your done put them in the wash or hang them out to dry. i say this because your mum would start to wonder why there is wet pants in the washing basket

}}

I usually make sure the washing machine is free before wetting anything so I can casually start a load of wash and nobody has any reason to be suspicious of me doing my wash.

