Sledding - In Touch With My Younger Side

Author: lihp

*000*2016-12-19 02:22

There is a sledding hill near my apartment and we have had a decent amount of snow lately here in Michigan. Sometimes you just have to escape the stress of the real world and get in touch with your inner child, and so I decided to go sledding tonight. I went after dark and had the hill mostly to myself. On the outside I was wearing my black snowpants and green jacket. Underneath, not that anyone would know, I was wearing a pink dress, pink pajama pants, and blue cotton panties. It excites me to dress that way in public, even if I have to make it so that nobody can see.

I enjoyed a few slides down the hill. The hill has been pretty packed down over the weekend and I was gaining a lot of speed on my plastic saucer. It was pretty exciting, maybe a bit terrifying. Anyway, I decided that I was going to take my final run and head home since my face was starting to get cold. And I had to pee, and since there were a couple of other people sledding, I couldn't really find a place to go. I guess in reality I didn't intend to unbundle to go. There was a topic about wetting snowsuits a week or so ago, and I really wanted to try it.

I sat on my saucer and let gravity take me downward. I slid beyond the track a bit and into fresh powder, a puff of snow flying everywhere. I laid on my back, staring up and the passing clouds and stars. It was relaxing. I wasn't extremely desperate like I wanted to be, it was a conscious choice on my end, and I let myself go. I could feel myself pee in my panties and pajama pants. I could feel it pooling inside of the snowpants, not absorbing fast at all. The heat was a major contrast to the cold on my face, and it felt amazing. I stood up, and some of it rolled down and into my thick socks. The few people there would never have noticed that under my black snowpants this man was wearing soaked panties and pink pajama pants. I got to my car and drove home.

I am warmed up now, and still wearing the damp clothes. Maybe I will rewet them before I go to sleep. I haven't slept wet in a long time.

