Witnessed Desperation

Author: Roosterbutt

*000*2014-12-07 05:02

Okay, I'm alive! Again, real life caught up with me and I wasn't able to be here, but don't worry, I'm planning another Omegle or Skype sesh soon!

So as a part of my schedule, I have an assigned free period/study hall in the school cafeteria. This campus used to be an elementary school, so the layout is very poor to cater to the hundreds of kids who could be there for special classes during the day.

Sharing this period is a girl who I've had a very, very huge crush on for a while. She's an omo lover's dream- very nice assets in the back, drinks a little too much, and wears leggings and white often. I sit in the corner most often, because she's usually desperate by the time we get to this hour and I can watch from afar and pine after her hopelessly.

A few weeks back, my crush came in. Her hair was simple, she had on a perfect amount of makeup, and was wearing a white top and Aztec leggings that were making me think all sorts of things :P. I noticed a sense of urgency about her manner as she plopped down into the first seat she saw open and opened her textbook. A little aroused and ready to watch this, I tried to pretend I was interested more in my phone than he bouncing around.

Within thirty minutes, her little tummy was poking out with the weight of what obviously was a very full bladder, giving me a tease of the smooth brown skin under her top. A hand was between her legs and she shifted around on that glorious behind, trying not to wet herself.

I was needing a wee fairly badly at this point, but I was so taken, I didn't notice and held it till I rode home and wet myself (but that's another story).

Within twenty minutes of class ending, my crush's legs were vibrating. Little moans I could pick out were coming from her as she rubbed her agonized bladder. Her butt looked a little damp. When she leaned forward, little peeks of wet pink panties were teasing to where I thought I was going to come, sitting next to my best friend in the cafeteria.

Thankfully for the both of us, the bell rang and I sprinted to the washroom to very quietly and quickly take care of my ensuing issue. As an added treat for later, I never saw her go in a washroom and she just walked to the bus, pee-pee dancing very cutely every few steps. :3

Gracious, I'm hot just thinking of it.

