Stuck in Line

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2018-05-19 14:11

Hey all, so I've been with my GF Michele about 4 months now and let's just say this might be the happiest I've ever been. She is 20 5'5 blonde brown eyes about 150 ibs and has a little one. Well let's just say that little one also killed her bladder and put us in some interesting situations. I always do everything in my power to help because she is not into pee... well at least not that I know of, but I don't believe in throwing my fetish on someone and make them miserable. That being said that hasn't stopped her from having 2 accidents and a few very close calls in our time together. This happened about 2 weeks ago and honestly I constantly think about it so I figured I'd share it for all of you to enjoy.

Michele and I had a date planned that involved going to a random cafe, then go to an amusement park for the day, and I made reservations for this really nice restaurant. It was supposed to be a perfect day and I was very excited. We get up at around 0700 get ready and we are on the road at about 0715. Michele was wearing some tight blue Jean's and a white shirt and looked amazing. We get to this nice cafe I eat an omelet and she has French toast and we are back on the road by 0930. 

Now normally Michele needs a lot of bathroom breaks but this time she didn't ask and it never crossed my mind so by the time we get there she is already bursting and the only bathroom is inside the park... and there's a line... she sees how long it is and almost starts crying and I ask her if she wants me to try to find a gas station and she said the words I won't make it... now we all know the feeling of excitement right before we see someone wet in a video after they hold it for as long as they can and burst... I had that and it took everything for me to ignore it and I had an idea. I went near the front and there was a very nice lady with her 2 kids. I explained Michele was about to wet herself and offered to pay her 20 if she let us cut so Michele could pee.

She took one look said keep my money and let us go in front. I was truly shocked but decided to thank her. We started talking and she finds out Michele is also a mother and we get to know each other. so there are maybe 2 people in front of us when Michele suddenly bends over towards the ground and starts wetting herself in front this mom and her two kids... and everyone else who happened to see. It wasn't a very long pee because her bladder is tiny and can't hold much but the damage was done and anyone who looked at her could tell. Well I expected her to run off and cry, blame me somehow, or do anything except of what she did next.

She stood up told the kids behind her that this is why you dont wait until the last minute and started laughing. The mom smiled and said that after her second kid she herself had a few accidents and then Michele thanks her for letting us cut we get out if line and go to the car. As we pass its very obvious everyone was looking at her and she just made the best out of a bad situation. She just said yes I wet myself. I had a kid and long lines dont make it any easier. She got a few laughs and we went on our way. She changes in the car we finally get in the park and I spent the rest of the day reminding her to go potty just to mess with her.

