Desperate Bike Ride

Author: Lils

*000*2018-08-10 19:22

So for tonight I decided to try something new. Instead of getting desperate and then peeing myself on purpose, I wanted to experience what it was truelly like to loose control. However, I have noticed in the past that from the point where I get the need to pee, to the point where I get desperate to the point where it starts to ache takes a long time - and I have never taken it beyond the point where my bladder started aching. I had heard something about rapid desperation and decided to try it out, hoping it would help. That meant that since 3pm this afternoon, I drank a glass of water every 45 minutes, without any restrictions on when I could use the toilet. This was already kind of exciting for me, as I started doing this while still working, so I was working but already working towards this evenings desperation.

Around 5pm I left work and quickly went to the city center for some shopping and food. I decided to slowly start the next phase after I had done my shopping (very boring, I was running low on socks, so nothing exciting), and I drank my entire bottle of water (what was left, about 300ml) while paying. Then I went to the McDonals (yes, a very healthy diet indeed) and ordered a menu with 400ml of Coca Cola. About 15 minutes later I drank my Coca Cola and I quickly used the toilet before leaving (because I still had unlimited toilet access). 

There was actually a quite long line, and I was wobbling a bit because I really felt like I had to go (and secretly I wanted to act a bit desperate in a public place). Afterwards, I cycled home, and upon coming home I filled my bottle of water again (and drank half of it), and again had to use the toilet. I changed from my work wear (skinny jeans and a blouse - I always go semi-casual) to a viscose dress (that does not show wet spots and dries fast) and a pair of light grey cotton boxers. I planned a cycling route in 15 minutes, drank half a bottle of water and went to pee for a last time.

Now the desperate-untill-wetting part was starting for me. I had read on the internet that people had "lost it" after about 45 minutes (while continuing to drink water), so I estimated I would not last much longer. I browsed the internet for another 15 minutes, afterwards drinking another half bottle of water (250 ml, a bottle is 500ml) and filling up two bottles to take with me. At this point I actually put a 15 minute time on my phone, and put some clean panties and the bottles of water in my bag. I started cycling, already feeling my bladder (on a point where I normally would start looking out for a toilet if I were in a public place) and quickly found the starting point of my route. The weather was nice and the sun was out, and it did not take long for me to get into the country side.

After some cycling, my 15-minute timer went of, and I drank half a bottle of water, being curious what this would do to my desperation, as my last toilet visit was already 30 minutes ago and I was thinking about the 45 minutes I had read about. To my worry I was leaving the country side and going through a small town, as I cycled on, where there were quite some pedestrians, people on a terras or in a garden, and cars passing my. Iwas going for an outdoors wetting, but did not really want an audience. However, I had planned for my body to be in control of when I peed, and not my mind, so I tried not to worry.

Another 15 minutes alarm went, and I drank the second half of my bottle of water. My desperation was growing to the point where I was certain that I could pee a lot, and I poked my bladder a bit for the fun of it. I stepped by onto my bike, and felt that sitting on my bike actually helped with the desperate feeling (as your bike is kind of holding yourself for you). I cycled another 15 minutes past some farms, and when the next alarm went I was again on the edge of a village.

Since I was feeling quite desperate now, and on the edge of a village, and actually felt like I had a very full stomach from all the fluid, I did not immediately take my drink of water. I crossed through the village, and when reaching the other end (about 5 minutes later) I drank another 250ml. I still did not reach a very desperate point in my journey, while my last time on the toilet had been 60 minutes ago and I actually started to think that maybe rapid desperation wasn't working for me (or that I was not doing it right). I crossed more into the country side again. However, this time my bladder actually started aching a bit, and I was certain that I should put more attention to holding it, had I not been on my bike.

It did not feel to be very long untill it was time to drink the last of my water, I stepped of my bike and immediately felt my desperation setting in. I drank the last bit, and looked at the road I was on. It was still quite a busy road (also because of some farm-event going on somewhere - there were quite some cyclist), so I decided to devert from the road and get into a small forest for a bit, since I was feeling it would not be long untill it started to get more difficult. After five minutes of cycling through the forest, the road started to turn from hardened road to sand, and it became impossible to cycle - I had to step off and walk over the sand part.

While walking, I felt like my pee was slowly sinking through my urethra, getting closer to coming out. It was a strange feeling that I had never actually experienced that conciously before - as normally I would have let go already. After about 10 minutes of walking (and getting really desperate), I got to a hard road again so I went on cycling. The next five minutes where challenging, by bladder started aching and hurting, and I got like what I can only describe as waves of desperation - however, because my bike was pressing agains myself, I did not lose it.

Because my bladders started feeling worse, I actually stepped of my bike, afraid of hurting myself if I went on and aware of the near impossibility of wetting while cycling. When I stepped off, I immediately felt the difference. I walked a few steps, not conciously holding it (like tensing my muscles or pressing my legs together), just focussed on the feeling of my bladder. Suddenly, I felt a spurt of pee come out, and then another one. This was a new feeling for me, as I wasn't actually trying to pee (nor was I trying hard to hold it in, at this point I just wanted to let it happen). 

I stood still, and within a second the spurts changed into a full stream of warm pee streaming over my legs, through my slippers and onto the road, and directly from my knickers onto the road. I felt like I had a waterfall coming from me, and was surprised about how long it went on. When I finished, I stepped on my bike quickly because there were people approaching from behind, and I cycled on feeling very releaved and very relaxed and happy with this new experience of really losing control.

About half an hour later, I was close to home, my legs and slippers dried - my knickers and the back of my dress (which I was sitting on) still very wet and having turned cold. I felt like I had to pee again, I was not desperate - just the feeling that there was pee in my bladder again. I stepped of my bike on the quiet side-road, and just let go. Again, I had the pee flowing from my, both directly onto the ground and over my legs. The only thing I had not realised was that I was standing in the sand, so splatters of pee got onto my legs mixed with sand making a kind of pee-mud (is that a word or did I just invend it). After releaving myself a second time (just on the side of the road, there was no one really close by anyway), I cycled home.

And now I am sitting here, in fresh clothes, hearing the washing machine that is currently washing my dress and knickers (among some other clothes). While writing this experience down for you all, I have gotten desperate to use the toilet again (well, in total I really drank a lot of water, so no surprise there).

One last question for other people who "plan" their despeartion/'accidents', what do you do and how long does it take for you to get to a point of naturally releasing yourself? Because for me there was about 90 minutes between my last toilet use and my bodying deciding to let go - which to me feels still like quite long. Is there anything I did "wrong" or is there anything other people do differently?

Should people have other ideas of suggestions for things I might try, I am open to them!

*003*2018-08-13 20:51

{{17 hours ago, ews21 said:

I have always wanted to try rapid desperation until I involuntarily go, and your story has inspired me to try that

}}

Let me know how it goes, I would love to hear your experience with it. I don't know if I will use the technique again in the near future though.

*009*2020-03-29 18:42

{{On 3/20/2020 at 8:43 AM, Nils JD said:

This is one of the most superb experiences here!

Thank you for sharing his with us, very detailed and simply amazing.

It's good you wore slippers since they're easy to clean, lol. Very careful and sensible.

Since I'm from Germany we use words (even English ones we "adopted" into our language) slight differently:

Slippers are open toe shoes in this case, did I get that right?

Yours, Nils

}}

Thanks for the compliment! You've seemed to have reawoken this thread.

Slippers are open shoes - the ones I wore in this story were like flip-flops, only with a bit more support (but just as easy to clean by running them under some water).

{{On 3/20/2020 at 11:20 PM, wettingman said:

I can't answer how long it takes after my last permitted pee and losing control because I have never held it this way . Instead I have a question .What is the advantage to the rapid desperation technique? Why do it that way. It seems to me that all told it seems to take longer than just holding it until I can't. I drink copious amounts of liquid and just don't pee. I enjoy the sensation of my gradually filling bladder, the feeling of being pleasantly full. I just refuse to let go, doing everything I can -squirming , squeezing my legs together and holding my penis until I start leaking uncontrollably . Even as I leak I try to hold it until my pants are quite wet. Finally after a big leak I will let go.

I loved this story though.

}}

I've tried both drinking lots (of tea) with and without rapid desperation. And honestly, I don't feel that big of a difference, apart from the excitement of the "rules" of the build up of your desperation. But honestly, I don't think it necesarily works better for me then a normal hold with large amounts of water - although I had hoped it would.

{{On 3/21/2020 at 5:09 AM, wetskipants said:

Great recount. Makes me wonder what it feels like to be on a bike on the brink of letting out a flood.

}}

For me, being female, riding the bike actually helped holding it - it pretty much puts the same pressure on as it would do where you holding yourself with your hands.

{{On 3/21/2020 at 5:08 PM, dirtyoldman said:

What a lovely experience. True loss of control is like totally surrendering to the universe. What were you wearing?

}}

This is more than 18 months ago! But I think I was wearing a synthetic summer dress (something that would easily dry and would not show too much).

