7 hour drives

Author: coloradowet

*000*2017-04-03 23:08

Hey their, I wanted to share something i like to do. I make a 7 hour drive a few times a year here in colorado going through the mountains and really enjoy making a "wet" drive. A little background of my habits is that Their are only a few times a year where ill make myself so desperate I truly lose control. Im usually pretty carful to avoid any physical damage so I only subject myself to such pains and desperation a few times a year. Its much easier for me to reach that point when driving too as theirs no escaping. The technique that i have come up with is consecutive holds to weaken my bladder. I just can't do it on my first hold. 

Its toooo painful if i come into the experience with a first hold. I feel like i can hold it too well and feel like i could hurt myself so I do it in stages. Sometime starting the day before. Ill hold until its truly painful and then let go... sometimes just a little too so i get the urge quickly again... and if i do this multiple times in a row.... well.... my muscles are so weak that i can barley hold on when the urge comes... and it just floods out! With little ability to control it. It takes a few hours for me, sometimes a day to recover, but feels like its pretty safe overall. Kinda like lifting weights. Im also a very cautious and aware driver so be very carful if you ever try this and know your abilities!

Anywhoo, I always use a tarp that i situate underneath me as to protect my seats. I also keep aware of safe places to pull over to change as needed or go for a little walk when i know i have reached a threshold of no return. Luckily theirs a lot of pull offs and national forest where I'm at so usually thats not a problem. Sometimes I'm a little daring and stop at a gas station when i reach capacity, or sometimes its out of my control and have to stop when I'm on the verge. especially when i reach more populated areas. Ive defiantly wet myself in some embarrassingly public places before. Never hung around long enough to notice if anyone else noticed though ;-)

I've put a condom on and filled it like a ballon. which surprisingly can work fairly well. until you reposition yourself and it flies off and drenches you in a instant;-)

Its a really intense feeling when you literally lose control of your bladder. I usually go through 3-5 or more pairs of pants when I go for wet escapades. Ive even used rain pants and rain boot over my normal pants too... which is kinda fun as it all funnels down into the rain boots and you end up with 10 pound boots. Gotta be carful not to over fill them though. Ive gone on this drive with my girlfriend a few times. She doesnt share my fetish but will indulge me from time to time. She told me some stories where she was stuck in traffic and had to pee in containers. Ive seen her spurt and make a wet patch when she's very desperate.... seems to happen pretty often. Never seen a full blown accident but has indulged me with such.

I know its not really a story story, mabey ill add to it sometime and take some pictures and share some more specifics of my experience sometime.

Hope you enjoy

