"Accident" in kindergarden

Author: Npee3

*000*2018-02-03 01:23

Hey, this is my first post on here so dont be angry if its bad. Also, im writing on my phone.

So, this all started in kindergarden when i was about 4 or 5 years old. It was a rainy day and so i was wearing rain clothes to keep dry, of course that didn't happen. I was, and are to this day still really bathroom shy so i usually heldt my pee until i could get home. Previosly i had had some close calls but this was the first real wetting.

I hadn't been to the bathroom since i left home and i had drank a lot during lunch time. So, i was playing in the sandbox with a friend at the time when he suddenly shouts "I gotta go pee!" and he stands up starts running towards the bathroom but just stops and spreads his legs. It was obvious what he was doing. He just stood there still for about five minutes when his mother came to pick take him home because the day was nearly over. He ran over to her mother and just openly said "i peed myself", his mother respondef with something like " you have to go when you need to, not wait until an accident.

Anyways, i kept on playing alone for a while when I realized i had to pee really bad, and i have had to for a long time. I finished what i was doing and started walking towards the bathroom really slowly holding myself trying not to pee. I was squirmin so badly. When i came closerr to the bathroom it hurted so badly i wasnt sure i could make it. I stopped up when a tiny squirt came. I regained control but when i took another step my uthera started to warm. I stoppet right there and simply just gave in for the urge. I felt the hot urine tingling down my legs spreading around my ass and dripping into my shoes. About a minute later when i was done letting emptying my bladder i walked inside to a teacher and told her about my accident, it was really embaresing. We went inside looking for a chang of clothes. I only had a sweater and ended up having to walk around in my wet clothes until my mother came.

$

