My girlfriend is getting good at this...

Author: kochel428

*000*2019-01-22 07:19

I had quite a weekend.

It's possible you remember seeing me talk about my girlfriend (previously "my new girlfriend," but 8 months in maybe she's not new anymore?). As usual we'll call her J. She's a nurse with a giant bladder and basically no issues with bodily fluids. She's also kinky herself and enjoys being tied up, dominated, and humiliated. Despite her submissive tendencies she's been getting impressively better at dominating me when I have to go. I'm a "switch" I suppose, in that I love being the Dom right up until I'm desperate to pee, at which point I really like being told what to do.

At any rate, I had to spend Friday night at home without her last week, but as night fell I found myself having to pee pretty badly, so I ended up chatting with J late into the night. She started by just asking questions from time to time about how much I had to go, and as I gradually became more desperate she started ordering me to drink. When I started leaking she would order me to drink 100ml each time. And when I finally couldn't hold it anymore, she allowed me to empty my bladder but then forced me to drink even more to make up for it. After several rounds of accidents I was leaky and my bladder filled fast even after a significant accident. Before she signed off for the night she asked how badly I had to go, and I told her I was getting desperate again. She said, "well, too bad you aren't allowed to pee until tomorrow morning then." I warned her I'd be showing up at her place the next day desperate and leaky.

I thought I wouldn't be able to sleep, having to go so badly. But it turned out it was late enough, and maybe I'd had just enough beer (I was buzzed but not drunk) that I fell asleep almost right away. I woke up about two hours later, a little before 5am, so desperate that getting my pajamas on and getting down the hall to the bathroom felt impossible. Fortunately I had a 2L bottle in my room, and I stood with it between my legs and emptied myself into it. After I was done I drank another glass of water.

It wasn't until I got back to bed that I realized I had wet it. I'd clearly been lying on my back when I did it, because there was a wet patch on the covers where my crotch was, and then a fairly large puddle in the sheets under my butt.

I couldn't believe it. This marks I think the fourth time it's ever happened to me, and the only time when I wasn't quite drunk. I lay there in the wet patch and felt humiliated and extremely turned on. Eventually I fell back asleep, and woke up again maybe an hour later, desperate as hell again. I knew I should get up, but some naughty voice in my head said, go on, it's already wet. So I let myself pee the bed again. I sleep naked, so the pee spread freely on the front of my hips and belly before trickling around and spreading under me. I didn't want to ruin my mattress, so I stopped it before it go too bad, but by this point the puddle was over half the width of the queen sized bed, and the wet spot on the covers could be felt on the outside of the blanket.

Over the rest of the night I woke up frequently, peed a little into the bed, and then drifted off again. Finally, as the sun was coming up, I masturbated in my soaked sheets, got up and emptied my bladder into the bottle again, and curled up on the edge of the bed where it was still dry.

I awoke after noon. The wet patch in the bed had miraculously dried in the hours since I'd last woken up. I was terribly desperate, and seemed to have very little control,

Fortunately my roommates weren't around to see me doing the pee dance and leaking all over myself while I made breakfast. I downed some gatorade, but also tea, along with my breakfast. I heard from J partway through breakfast, and she began encouraging me to drink more tea. I don't need to go through everything that happened at my place that afternoon, but I'll say I was desperate for several hours, having little leaks and spurts most off the time, and one full-on accident. Finally in mid afternoon, my bladder completely full once again, I changed into dry black pants and set off to go to J's apartment. I was fairly confident they wouldn't be dry by the time I got there.

It's not a terribly long subway ride, but I was already getting wet before I even boarded. In particular, stopping for traffic lights on my way to the train was deadly, as was the elevator down to the platform, standing on the platform waiting for the train, standing on the train (my bladder was too full and pants too tight to sit down), and then stopping for traffic lights walking from the train to J's building. I marched past the doorman, and made it to the elevator. Once on the elevator, I really started to lose control. I had a steady, though light, stream start as the doors were closing, and continuing despite my squirming efforts to stop it as I crossed the hallway to her door, unlocked it, and walked in to find J in the shower.

I desperately removed my coat and shoes, and went into the bathroom. J casually asked how I was. She peeked out from behind the shower curtain and saw me dancing around in my socks. "Do you want to pee now?" she asked, and I nodded vigorously. But she said, "too bad." But permission or not, my bladder was emptying then. She watched approvingly as piss soaked my crotch again, trickled down my legs, and made a puddle on the bathroom floor. I had zero control.

Finally I reached a point where I could stop the flow, and I stripped and hopped into the shower with her. By the time the shower was over, though, I was desperate again, if not leaking yet. I had to bounce around while I waited for her to fix her hair and do her skin care. At some point I went to the bedroom and put plastic and a towel down on the bed, just in case.

My preparation was rewarded when she came out of the bathroom naked as the day is long, and lay luxuriously on the towel I'd set down. I stood there squirming and watching her. "You have to fuck me before you can pee again. Not one drop."

The truth is I was so desperate and my muscles were so tired that I had a difficult time getting really hard. But she massaged my cock, and when I told her I had wet the bed the night before, she whispered about how shameful that was, and my cock came to life enough for me to roll a condom on and slide inside her. She kept saying I wasn't allowed to pee yet, not one drop. But at some point the way her pubic bone was hitting my bladder made it impossible for me to hold on. "I'm sorry" I whimpered, and she gasped as she felt piss fill the condom a spurt at a time. She spanked me as I fucked her, and told me all the ways she would punish me, and I kept saying I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry.

The condom was getting too full of piss, and I was having a hard time coming what with being in the process of having an accident and all. I pulled out and tied off the condom, and then we switched places, me lying on the towel and her kneeling over me stroking my penis.

She started casually massaging my bladder as well. It became clear pretty quickly that my muscles were so weak that she could squeeze pee out of my like I was a tube of toothpaste. She kept humiliating me, "I can't believe you wet the bed, and then you pissed inside me, shame on you," and I was moaning, "yes, punish me, punish me." She squeezed pee out of me, in a trickle at first, and then leaning on my bladder with all her weight until I was spraying pee in long arcs onto myself and the bed.

I was terribly turned on, but still unable to come, so she ordered me to go pee to relieve the pressure. When I came back from the toilet she ordered me to pleasure her, so i went down on her until she came. By then, though still desperate, I had recovered enough to get fully erect, and I fucked her again and finally came. It was glorious.

Lying together afterwards, I asked her to make me use my pants as a toilet whenever it struck her fancy, and she agreed she would do that from time to time (I'll be sure to keep you all updated when it happens).

Every time I have wet sex with J, I keep thinking this time is the best I've ever had. I've never been so leaky and out of control while having sex before, and that combined with the humiliation of having wet the bed the night before, made this an incredible experience. I hope you all enjoyed it a bit too!

