The most desperate I have ever been in public

Author: Ell19

*000*2019-08-12 18:14

This happened a few years ago but I recently relayed it to a friend which has reminded me. It was truly the most agonisingly desperate I have ever been in public and maybe ever.

I was 16, studying for my GCSEs, when my class went to see a play that we were studying for our literature GCSE. It was in the evening of course and at the time I was on a crash diet so just prior to leaving I had a meal replacement shake and a tin of soup. As these were in the place of food I failed to consider them as liquid that maybe I shouldn't consume just before the theatre.

We arrived with very little time to spare and the foyer and bar area were very crowded with a long queue for the toilets. For this reason, despite needing to go, I decided I would have no problem holding it until the interval (failing to consider the shake and soup). My friend got drinks for us both and returned to me with two very large cups of coke. Either they had run out of medium cups and so charged the same price for a large or she had just got large because she didn't know what I wanted, I don't remember exactly.

We went into the theatre and took our seats, on the front row of the balcony which was very cramped due to the age of the theatre. I was squished in between my friend and a male teacher who sat with his legs spread due to the limited leg room. It was not comfortable.

Ten minutes in I realised that not going to the toilet first had been a mistake because I had become desperate. But I continued to drink the coke believing it wouldn't have time to get through my body before the interval anyway.

By half an hour into the show I was bursting, my bladder an extremely uncomfortable presence, my thighs pressed tightly together and I was wishing fervently for the interval to come soon. I had already drunk all of the coke because thirst is a side effect of crash dieting as anyone familiar with it will know.

The interval never came. It turned out that the play had no interval but simply ran uninterrupted for almost three hours.

I sat in my seat, trapped between my friend and teacher in the middle of the front row (of the balcony, it was a school trip after all and they're the cheapest seats) for over two more hours with my bladder in desperate agony. The only thing keeping me going was that I believed the interval to be due any moment and later that the play must be about to end.

My heart was pounding with fear that I might wet myself, something which had never seemed possible to me beyond childhood as I had a strong bladder and routinely held throughout whole school days or trips out. But this intensity of desperation was unprecedented, I held on in agony as I feared that my poor bladder might simply give way.

When the show finally ended I felt no relief as I knew I then had to wait through everyone filing out of the seats and the inevitable post show toilet queue and every second was another second of pain.

We finally headed out of the auditorium and down some stairs, my bladder providing fresh agony with every step, only to find it led straight to the street outside where we were being lined up and counted onto the coach.

Thankfully my friend was also in desperate need and we asked a teacher if we could run back inside and he reluctantly allowed us.

The best part was that when we got there, after waiting in a luckily short queue, the two of us stood in front of the vacated cubicle going "you first"

"no you first" until a second one opened up. (Going through doors together is just as exhausting, I usually give in first and accept her politeness.)

And then I had possibly the most relieving pee of my life. Except that when you're that full it takes a good few seconds of peeing before you start to feel any relief.

So that's the story of the most desperate I've ever been in public (since childhood anyway). It wasn't enjoyable for me at the time but it's fun to look back on.

*005*2019-08-13 21:50

{{11 hours ago, homeanddry said:

Thanks for sharing! You must have very impressive control to have managed that without, it seems, any real outward signs of your struggle at all?!

}}

{{1 minute ago, pwpj said:

Great story! Impressive that you managed to hold it so long, without any leaks?

}}

Yes, no leaks and no super obvious visible signs. I definitely walked stiffly and wasn't quite able to stand up straight but I was very embarrassed and trying really hard to hide it.

It's amazing the willpower you can find in yourself when surrounded by schoolmates. I did not have a good social life at school and such an embarrassment would have been absolutely awful. So I found strength I didn't know I had.

