Home alone...

Author: JensH2

*000*2019-07-04 08:08

The wife will be on a trip over the upcoming weekend, I'll have the apartment for myself - and I'm in the mood for being a little kinky. I'm well stocked on tea which usually gets my bladder filled quickly, so... any ideas what I might do?

I know that a lot of people in here aren't too much into male content, but after seeing all those wonderful pictures that our female companions (CopperLola, Pistachio, Wet_Tights or Rachel, just to name a few) have posted recently, I'd be happy to give something back - and also satisfy the voyeuristic side in me. So ladies, if you have any ideas what I could do or what I should wear while peeing myself, feel free to mention. I might even share a few pictures or short clips if anyone fancies.

*002*2019-07-06 07:33

So my wife has left now and I'm two cups of tea into the fun (plus the morning pee which I skipped today). Wearing an old pair of jeans which probably won't stay dry for more than an hour or so - the pressure is building up already and I'm not someone to hold it till it really hurts.

Thanks for your response, Pistachio. This morning is just the "test run" since I have a few appointments later the day. But I've already imagined a naughty idea for tomorrow. I'll probably record the sessions since it gives me a thrill a bit like someone might watch me - sounds crazy? I'm just reluctant to post any clips or pics in here - I won't show my face or anything that could give up my anonymity, but it really doesn't seem as if many people are interested in home made amateur male content. So if anyone is interested in seeing my content, just shoot me a PM. I'm a friendly married guy, so don't worry about me becoming intrusive, creepy or something.

*004*2019-07-06 09:24

{{2 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

If you don’t mind males liking your content then there is definetely a demand for more content

}}

Good to know, thanks for your affirmation. Even though I'm only into ladies, of course I don't mind.

Actually I had my first wetting of the weekend just 30 minutes ago. It was the first time I was using the video functionality of my DSLR and tried to record from different angles with a tripod - of course there are many limitations since I don't want people to recognize me or my apartment. It was funny though to interrupt the wetting, dash back to the cam and change the setup while my jeans were increasingly getting wet. When I finally thought there was just a spurt left and tried to finish quickly, I suddenly realized there was so much more inside of me and I peed for another minute or so. I just checked the footage and the sound of pee hitting my already wet pants is wonderful.

Will try to get the footage into decent shape with an editing software. As I said: I'm not yet sure whether I will post it publicly or just provide a link to those that ask for it via PM. I'll make up my mind about that during the course of the day.

*006*2019-07-06 12:08

So there are some pictures taken during this morning's adventure. Actually they're screencaps - if you'd like to see the video and read my previous posts, you know how to get it.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

