Submissive boyfriend wets himself then drinks my pee

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-04-18 16:53

My boyfriend stayed over for a few days while my roommate is out of town. We're both kinky and super into piss play, so we utilized the opportunity for lots of wet fun. (He gave me permission to share this story) normally he's the dominant in the relationship, but yesterday he was feeling very submissive. I decided to take the opportunity to try something I've always wanted to.

He was wearing a black t-shirt and gray briefs that would show a wet stain very easily. He loves pet play when he's submissive, so I put him in his favorite dog ears, chocolate brown and dark grey, put a matching tail plug up his butt, put his favorite collar on him, and hooked on a chain leash. He's such an adorable puppy boy. I set up a nice big comfy doggy bed under my desk, laid down some puppy pads, and put a soft blanket over them.

I got him settled nice and comfy under my desk, and started playing video games on my PC. I was wearing a high slit skirt, because nothing gives me more gender euphoria than agressively man spreading in a high slit skirt. While I was playing, I kept passing him water bottles to drink. Every time he got halfway through one, he got scratches on his head and chin while I called him a good boy, and every time he finished one he got belly rubs. He LOVES belly rubs.

I was having a fun time on my favorite Minecraft server, and he was drinking his water like a good boy. The look on his face when I call him a good boy and give him scritches and belly rubs is so adorable. It always makes him so happy.

Halfway through his third water bottle, he looked up at me with those adorable subby puppy eyes, and said the words I'd been waiting for all day. "Master... I need to use the bathroom." An evil grin spread across my face as I grabbed his. "Aww, does my little puppy need to pee?"

"Y-Yes Master." He always gets so shy when he's submissive, it's so damn cute. "Well you're just gonna have to hold it until I give you permission. You're not allowed to pee until Master says you can. Now finish your water, puppy."

He did as he was told, and I was paying a lot more attention to him than I my game. He started fidgeting not long after the third bottle, and I could already see him starting to get hard. I saw him grabbing his dick to try and hold it, but it also looked like he was rubbing his cock through his underwear. "Hands off puppy. You know you're not allowed to touch yourself without permission."

"But Master, I really need to go!"

"You're still not allowed. No touching your dick."

"Yes Master..."

He finished the bottle, and I once again made him flip over onto his back for belly rubs. He was squirming and whimpering so sweetly as I rubbed his cute tummy. He was getting really hard, and his bladder was starting to bulge out a bit. I pressed on it to see how he would react, and saw a little wet dot form at the tip of his dick. He grunted and whimpered as I saw him struggle to hold it. It was such a sexy sight, I was already dripping fucking wet.

I got back to my game, my boyfriend planting his face between my thighs and finally starting to beg me to let him pee. I kept asking him to beg more to convince me, and goddamn it was hot to see a guy I knew could absolutely wreck my shit begging like that!

I finally relented when he said, "Master I'm leaking. I can't hold it any longer, I need to pee right now!" I rolled back my chair to get a better look, seeing the tiny wet dot had grown to about the size of a quarter. I was also getting really fucking horny and was done waiting to see it. "Okay puppy, okay. On your hands and knees, leg raised, like doggies are supposed to pee. Give me a nice view of my boy making a mess."

He did just as I told him to, and gave a big sigh as he soaked his briefs. He completely soaked his whole crotch in seconds, and it ran down his legs into the blanket and the puppy pads under it. There was a really loud hiss as he emptied his bladder for a solid minute. He really had to go. When he was done he sat down in his puddle and looked up at me with those adorable puppy eyes.

Now I had been keeping hydrated too, and I was also needing to pee, albeit not nearly as bad as he did. And that display was so fucking hot, I needed to get out some of that horny. I praised him for obeying like a good boy, and pulled my skirt aside, showing him that I had 'forgotten' to wear panties.

"Fuck that was hot puppy. You got your Master all worked up. Tell you what sweetheart, Master needs some relief too. Come over here and drink it, then lick me clean, and I'll let you cum inside me for being such a good boy." He scrambled forward and planted his face in my pussy before I could take another breath. I gave a little chuckle at his eagerness, and played with his hair as I relaxed my bladder.

I sighed in relief as I started peeing, and immediately felt him swallowing. We do this a lot, so he's a pee drinking pro. Barely anything dripped down his chin into the seat, he's so good at swallowing. Must have learned that from his ex-boyfriends, lol.

He didn't even wait 10 seconds after I was done peeing to start licking. When I tell you this man eats pussy like it's his last goddamn meal, I fucking mean it! He is a pussy eating CHAMPION! I got a little lost in how good it felt and let him keep going until I came three times. (Hey, it's hard to find a guy that can make you cum even once, I gotta get as many as I can!)

I finally lead him over to the bed by his leash, pulled off his now cold wet briefs, and let him fuck me until he I had more than just pee dripping out of me.

Afterwards we went through our usual aftercare routine; Candy and cuddles, with lots of praise and reassurance, a shower together, watching a movie, and just constant cuddles for the rest of the day. He's always clingy, but when he hits sub drop, man needs all the cuddles.

So yeah, that was a fun day.

*002*2022-07-01 01:33

{{31 minutes ago, tennyson said:

Sounds like a perfect day to me

}}

It really was. I love watching my darling make a big mess all cute and desperate, relieving myself in his pretty mouth, then getting to use his nice big cock.

