A Wet Night Walk (with pictures)

Author: CalamityPants

*000*2019-05-26 15:01

I planned to walk about an hour or so round my local area on a Saturday night while bursting for a piss. I had spend the evening drinking with my friends. Returned home moderately drunk and needing to pee. I downed about a 1.5 litres of water and cup of tea over the period of an hour. Wearing my favourite clothes for wetting, I headed out into the night with a bottle of water.

I walked briskly, fearing to consequences of even a moments relaxation. I had taken the main road and their was still the occasional passing car. I found myself unable to walk straight and weaving drunkenly on the pavement. I struggled on until came to within sight of the back path I intended to return on.

I surrendered control of my bladder, slowly wetting myself, as I continued to walk with urgency towards privacy of the secluded path. When I was done I stopped and looked down at the damage.

$$

This is bad I thought, but even worse I was still desperate to go. I decided to sit down on low wall and relax, flooding my jeans which rained onto the floor.

$$

My shameful behaviour was now displayed clearly on both sides of my jeans for anyone to see. Removing my shirt, I tied it round my waist for a modicum of dignity.

$$

Admittedly, with not a lot of dignity left I made my way home.

When I reached a train station I had to cross my path was blocked my a parked car with someone inside and someone else walking the pavement. I beat a hastily retreat down the alley I had just emerged from. My heart pounded, I might have been spotted, but I was fairly sure that my embarrassing trouser predicament hadn't been discovered.

I searched for another way round, but after considerable exploring I eventually realised there wasn't one. The long delay mean I was getting desperate again. My jeans were drying now, less contrast, but still obviously wet looking to me. I thought it was better keep it this was rather than soaking them afresh, so I struggled on in discomfort.

I approached the train station again and crossed without incident. Clearing the riskiest part of the journey I relaxed, re-wetting my pants as I walked. This time however, once I had relieved myself as much as I could while walking. I stopped in my tracks and let everything go.

$$

My right shoe was now waterlogged. It squelched as I walked, leaving a trail of footprints behind me.

I arrived home cold and wet. My jeans clinging awkwardly to my skin.

$$

My shirt had almost managed to cover the wet patch on the back of my jeans.

$$

Still, it was better than having nothing to cover my wetness

$$

$$

Basking in the shame and humiliation of my situation. I pulled down my jeans to reveal my soggy underpants.

$$

$$

*004*2019-05-27 14:27

{{19 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

You got seriously wet lol  

}}

Oh Stop it! Your embarrassing me!

{{19 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Do you have a large bladder?

}}

Yes, but I wish it was smaller.

{{17 hours ago, nonny said:

The funny thing is that once you’re completely soaked, across and down every inch of your pants in the front, it’s hard to tell at a glance that you’re wet. "

}}

Ikr it disappoints me when it's not obvious that I've pissed myself

{{13 hours ago, Can'tFoolOwls said:

I love how your boxer briefs are wet all the way up to the waistband in the back. Wet butts in underwear are honestly one of my favourite parts of this fetish.

}}

Thanks! I nearly didn't post those pictures of my briefs because I'm kinda ashamed of my body (still trying to lose weight). If someone enjoyed looking at them though, I'm delighted.

*006*2019-05-29 22:09

{{9 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Even a large bladder would have a hard time coping with that!

}}

My bladder didn't cope with that!

{{9 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

But it was fun to try, wasn't it?

}}

Yes and even more fun to fail!

*009*2019-06-02 00:37

{{On 5/29/2019 at 11:16 PM, Simonwet said:

Sounds like a great evening -grey boxer briefs are my favourites to wet, shows up really well! 

}}

Yeah it was fun, I'm thinking of doing it again sometime, maybe in the day, but somewhere quiet.

{{On 5/30/2019 at 2:57 PM, Toady567 said:

I enjoyed your story and photos! Very cute! 

}}

Thanks! I like thinking I'm cute when I have a little 'accident' in my pants.

