Ex girlfriend accident

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-05-10 19:08

I'm delving deep into my memory bank for this one, while some of the details have been blurred by time i'll do my best to recount as best i can.

Sometime in the summer of 2009 myself and my friends were camping out in a field about three miles from the village were we all lived, it was a warm evening and in many ways was the perfect night to camp out. We had acquired some booze, a couple of guys had some weed and we had invested in a disposable BBQ, and of course we had our tents, so we were all set.

A couple of hours after pitching up i got a call of my girlfriend (we'll call her Becca) she wanted to know where i was because she wanted to join me, so i told her where we were and within the hour she had joined us. I settled her in by introducing her to everyone and getting her a beer. Time drifted on as we sat around our useless BBQ chatting about anything and everything, until inevitably the drinking games began. If i remember correctly we started with "who's most likely" and just in case your'e not aware how this works, basically one person in the group asks a question and everyone points to who they think is the person most likely to do said said question and you take a drink for every person pointing to you. I do not remember the questions asked, but i remember one of them just about everyone pointed to Becca, so she must have knocked back a fair amount of beer.

After a while the games ended as abruptly as they had started and we slipped back into mellow conversation. After a while Becca turned to me and quietly asked me if i wouldn't mind escorting her so she could go for a wee, naturally i said yes. So we set of across the field to a small wooded area to the side of the field. The journey was probably no more than a few hundred yards but all the way she would stop, press her legs together and lean forward. I did my best not to let her see that i had noticed her desperation, but in fairness it was pretty damn obvious she was starting to struggle for bladder control.

Eventually we reached the outer edge of the wooded area and that is when she asked for advice on where she should pee, i told her that where we were was fine but she refused on the basis that she could still see the guys round the fire. I didn't argue. I was sure they couldn't see us, but it was her decision. We moved another few steps and she stopped suddenly again, clamped her hand into her crotch and let out a whimper. I knew what was happening but i asked her if she was okay nonetheless, that is when she told me that she didn't want to pee outside. I remember feeling a pang of terror, purely for the situation she found herself in. I told her that she didn't really have a choice in the matter, it was either squat and pee outside or wet herself, because there was no way she was making it to a toilet somewhere. I think she began sobbing at this point, but i can't quite remember, what i do remember however is what happened next.

I could see the panic in her face as she struggled to accept the situation she found herself in, i felt utterly useless as there was nothing i could do to help her accept tell her that peeing outside wasn't a bad thing. She just stood there bent over herself with her hands pressed into her crotch with her legs clamped together and muttering the word no over and over again. I was stood straight in front of her looking into her eyes trying to make her believe that peeing outside was okay, but she didn't seem to take any notice at all. At one point i thought i was starting to get through to her but it turned out to be too little to late.

A wet spot gushed and spread across and down the front of her jeans. She tore down her jeans as quick as iv'e ever seen, squatted and gushed through her crisp white knickers. The sound her pee made splashing into the ground was incredible, it really was one hell of a torrent. She must have peed for a good minute or two before it ended and the last few drops soaked into her knickers. Afterwards she just sat there breathing deeply, i think she had completely forgotten her situation and was taken away by the feeling of relief and bliss.

When she came round she pressed her hand into her knickers as if to check if it was real what had just happened to her. Then she began to cry uncontrollably. I got down to her level, put my arms around her and told her it was okay and that these things happen. Eventually she stood up and im going to be honest, the sight of her in her piss soaked knickers was such a turn on. I asked her what she wanted to do. She had no idea so i took over. 

I told her that i could cover the wet patch on her jeans with my jacket for the return to camp, then i could create a tactical beer spillage so she didn't have to sit with a jacket over her crotch all night. I asked her if she wanted to throw her knickers away, she said no, stating that she wouldn't feel comfortable without them. In the end my plans were immaterial as half way back (after she had calmed down) she decided she wanted to go home, so i quickly ran to camp to grab a beer and tell the guys i was taking her home, i think i told them she wasn't feeling well.

On the way back i poured the beer down the front of her jeans to cover the smell. When i got her to her front door i kissed her goodbye and thanked her for an interesting evening, if i remember it made her giggle. I never did get that jacket back off her...... Ah well.

Thanks for reading guys <3

*004*2016-05-11 13:57

Thanks guys :) <3

*007*2016-05-12 09:14

{{16 hours ago, wettingman said:

Great story thank you for sharing. Do you have more to tell?

}}

Not of the incident itself unfortunately, however there was some fallout because of it. She was never quite the same around me after what happened, she always seemed shy and no longer comfortable in my presence, so inevitably it fizzled out and we split up. Which was a shame because she was a lovely person.

