Wife caught short on the way home from work

Author: cwpee

*000*2019-07-15 23:21

Its been quite a while since I posted, but about 5 minutes ago my wife just got home and was so desperate she was basically peeing herself, so this was too good to pass up. (You can skip the next paragraph if you want to get to the action).

First, a little backstory. When my wife is really into something, she tends to ignore everything else that is going on around her. This includes her bladder, and its not uncommon to see her sprinting to the bathroom because she doesn't realize how badly she has to pee until its super urgent. This is compounded by her drinking lots of water throughout the day. She started a new job recently, and is loving it. She finally started her hands-on training today, so between all of this and the structure of training, I was anticipating hearing about some desperation. I wasn't disappointed.

The following was relayed to me (and reprinted here with permission) after I asked for specifics. Apparently she was really into what she was doing, because despite drinking a full liter of water since her last break she didn't think about peeing until she finally got to her car. As soon as she sat down her over-full bladder hit her hard, but the building was already closed so she couldn't get back in easily. She could either make a scene going back in (which she would never do), stop at a gas station (a last resort used only if its to prevent wetting herself), or wait the 15 minutes until she got home. Predictably, she chose the later and suffered the whole way. She had waited well past this point when during some of her planned holds, so she figured she would make it. She was just in pain but holding on for a while, but she soon had to start pressing into her crotch at the stop lights.

As she got closer to home, she actually had to reach up her dress she she could press directly on her crotch. She had Spanx on, though, so it didn't help a whole lot, but it was all she had. She managed to hold on, but just barely, until she got home. She had to summon all of her will power to make it to the house, but she lost a spurt when she realized the door was locked. She dropped everything on the doorstep, crossed her legs tightly, and dug through her purse for her keys.

By this point, I realized she was having trouble opening the door and got up to open it for her. When I was about 15 feet away, the door burst open, and she hobbled in, legs still crossed. She looked at me and yelled "Oh my god I have to pee so bad!" As soon as she slammed the door closed, she jammed her hand up her skirt and sprinted past me into the bathroom. I naturally ran after her and arrived just as she was hiking up her skirt. She was dancing in place as she was trying to peel down the spanx, cursing as she struggled to get them down. By the time she had them to her mid-thighs, she was already dribbling. One last yank got them to her knees; she collapsed on the toilet seat, but she was already peeing pretty much full force by then.

When she got done sighing loudly, she paused then started to tell me about her day. She already explained most of what happened during the day, and was still peeing at a normal rate. She slowed down as she exclaimed at still peeing, then proceed to keep peeing for at least another 20 seconds. I wish I had timed it because I bet she peed for a solid minute and a half!

*002*2019-07-16 03:20

Definitely! Very lucky for many reasons, not the least of which is that she regularly indulges me in this (and has actually gotten into it in her own right). However, something like this is still a rarity. I've only seen her come home this desperate from work a few times before (all of which she leaked a small amount) but this time was just a perfect storm. She can hold an incredibly long time, but she has major "latch-key" weakness. She also can normally get her spanx down instantly, but I guess she was in such a hurry she fumbled it. The whole thing went by so quick, but I'll definitely be remembering it for a while.

*004*2019-07-17 18:31

It was very wet at the crotch, as well as the spanx. They must have absorbed her earlier leaks because there was no evidence on her jeans, but got some on the back of her jeans as she pulled them down. Didn't get a picture, unfortunately.

*010*2019-11-05 05:16

{{11 hours ago, Helena said:

Maybe it was a good fantasy experience...

}}

Good catch, I apologize for that. The original post's story is 100% true, but it's been a few months so I can't say why I put that about the jeans when I followed up. Likely I just wasn't paying attention as that reply was a couple days after the original post and she has had times where she leaked in her Spanx when wearing jeans as well.

It's also possible I just wanted to look "cool" so I purposefully inserted one of the times she leaked while wearing jeans because someone asked about it and wasnt really paying attention. Either way, the part where she peed on the back of her jeans when she was pulling them down also definitely happened, just not on the same day.

Side note - we actually used to make videos for Clips4Sale so she had worked up a strong bladder (her record was around 1300ml). Since we stopped doing that, though, she still drinks a ton of water but rarely holds it which means she can't hold on as well once she really needs a bathroom. It's led to a number of close calls like this in the past 6 months or so, hopefully I can actually write down a few of the more memorable ones soon.

