Intentionally wetting gone slightly awry

Author: eighthrune

*000*2018-02-05 20:03

This weekend I decided to try one of my first-ever intentional wettings at home. After my unintentional hold and partial accident that I wrote about last week, I thought it would be fun to do another hold in the safety of my home. My roommate was away at the Ireland-France rugby game, so I knew I'd have the apartment to myself.

I drank water all morning so that by the time she left, I was already starting to feel desperate, but I told myself I couldn't use the toilet until after I'd done my chores. We'd had a party the night before, so there were a lot of dishes to do, and the sound of running water had me dancing and squirming for nearly an hour. I could feel waves of need surging through my bladder, all the way to the tip of my penis. Sometimes the pain would ease off, and then come back double. I was squeezing my legs together hard, and by the time I was finally done with the dishes, I could tell I wouldn't last.

I really wanted to wet my jeans, but I wanted a bit more danger than just doing it at home, so I decided to see how far I could walk around my neighborhood before I chickened out and went back home. I live on a small but busy square with a lot of pedestrian traffic, so I had to struggle to walk normally. I set off on the little residential streets behind my building, wandering aimlessly. I was so desperate I couldn't really focus on anything but the urgent pain and the tingling in my penis, so I wasn't really paying attention to where I was going.

Eventually I got to the point where my kidneys started to ache, and that scared me a little – even with my accident at uni, I hadn't felt kidney pain. I decided I'd better get home as quickly as possible. The only problem: I'd been focusing so much on my bladder that I didn't recognize the street I was on.

So now in addition to the urgency in my bladder, I had the rising panic of not knowing where I was. I was picturing myself losing control in the middle of the street, flooding my jeans and being forced to find my way home with wet pants. There would be no way to cross the square without being seen, and seen by my neighbors at that. And I could only take short steps if I wanted to keep my legs tight together. The pockets on my coat were too high to allow me to grab my crotch subtly, so all I could do was squeeze my thighs together.

I finally saw a familiar building and felt so relieved – until I realized that the building was the local high school, meaning that I had wandered MUCH farther than I had intended – my mindless path had somehow taken me in more or less a straight line directly away from my apartment. My stomach sank, and so did my bladder. The sharp pressing urge was throbbing in my abdomen and I could feel the muscles trembling in the base of my penis. Every step felt like a hammer blow.

The only positive thing was that at least I knew where I was. I turned towards home and started walking as fast as I could, giving up all pretense of trying to keep my face neutral. I was biting my lip and alternately gasping and whimpering. I had not intended to get this desperate this far from home – I only wanted to hold in public, not have an accident!

I was contemplating relieving myself against a tree somewhere, but my neighborhood was ridiculously busy for a cold, rainy Saturday – there were people everywhere! Why weren't they all at home, warm and dry? I hurried past a family with their strollers, breathing hard and choking back my sounds of desperation.

Once I got past the construction site, I knew I was on the home stretch. Just another block and I'd be there.

I almost made it.

I was halfway down the alley leading to my square when I felt a hot spurt of urine against the front of my boxers. The sudden warmth and glimmer of relief was intense, but so was the panic. I wasn't home yet! I still had to cross my busy square where I'd surely be seen by my neighbors, the baker, the restaurant owners...

I clenched as hard as I could and made a dash for it. I felt two more gushes of urine soak my underwear as I ran, but I somehow kept he floodgates from opening. I could feel my balls squishing against the damp fabric, and as I crossed the square towards my building I felt a coolness which meant that it had soaked through my jeans and met the cold air. Thank God I was wearing a long coat – as long as I kept my legs squeezed together, I knew the piss wouldn't run down my legs until after I made it safely through my gate.

I sprinted into the courtyard and then into my building, praying that my downstairs neighbor wouldn't come out to say hello, as he often does. I thought that I'd lose control as soon as I entered the building, but the three short spurts had taken the slightest edge off my desperation, just enough to get me up the stairs and into my own apartment. I slammed the door behind me and stood there for a moment, saying "thank god, thank god" over and over. It was an accident, but a minor one. Now I could enjoy a full wetting in front of my mirror.

I went into my bedroom with my shoes still on – I'd picked out a pair with broken soles, so I didn't care what state they ended up in – and as soon as I closed my door, I let go.

It felt incredible. The throbbing, pulsing pain in my bladder subsided in a hot rush of sopping wet release. The relief on my own face in the mirror was so intense, I almost failed to look down to see the way the piss was making a dark glistening stain down each leg. I could hear the splatter of urine against the inside of my jeans, and drops were starting to sprinkle from the crotch and to pool on the floor between my feet.

But most of the piss was running straight into my shoes. I could feel the warmth around my ankles, I could feel it soaking my socks, I could feel it squishing under my toes. I felt weak with relief and sank into a crouch, still wetting myself full-force, watching in the mirror as the piss poured out from my crotch and my ass into a spreading puddle on the floor. I was amazed at the size of it. I had only wet myself once before on purpose, and it had been hard to start the flow and harder to keep it going. But not this time. I thought it would never stop gushing out of me.

When the flood finally stopped, I collapsed on the floor, my knees making a wet smacking sound in the puddle. I don't remember how long I sat there. I was drenched from my crotch to the tips of my toes. I knew I had to get cleaned up.

I took off my shoes and peeled off my socks, but I left my jeans on while I mopped up the mess I'd made on my floor. I was hard inside my boxers and I wanted to make the feeling last as long as possible.

Eventually I got everything cleaned up and I changed into dry clothes, feeling so satisfied that I knew I wouldn't feel the need to wet or even hold for a while.

My body, however, had other ideas. I would find that out later that night. But that's a story for another time.

*007*2018-02-16 16:40

{{On 2/10/2018 at 3:06 AM, Wetbriefs said:

Damn. What an amazing story! I by the time I got to the end my briefs were definitely tighter. Lol!

So well written and look forward to more from you!

}}

{{On 2/9/2018 at 10:29 PM, dampknickers said:

Very detailed and well written !

}}

{{On 2/7/2018 at 2:56 AM, blueeyddemon83 said:

I love the detail you give in this story. Makes it even more enjoyable to read

}}

{{On 2/6/2018 at 7:38 PM, Uniee said:

Oooo liked the fact you crouched in your puddle at end!

}}

{{On 2/6/2018 at 7:09 PM, Solstice said:

Nice story

}}

Thank you for your kind words, I'm so glad you enjoyed it! :)

*008*2018-02-16 16:42

{{On 2/6/2018 at 10:38 PM, WetDave said:

Loved this!

One of my favourite things to do is go out and about like you did with a full bladder. It’s just so good to be out in public trying to hide your desperation and the risk of having an embarrassing accident gives one a real buzz. You described it all so well.

If you do it again and do have an accident you’ll realise that most people don’t even notice. That’s especially true when it’s raining because everybody is just hurrying to wherever they’re going, head down, not really just gazing around at things around them.

Do it again and tell us about it!

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you liked it! I would be terrified to have an accident in public, but I bet you're right that people wouldn't notice in the rain... And it rains a lot here, so I may have some better stories in the future^^

