Brunch

Author: desperatenicki

*000*2020-12-08 04:31

Today I went for brunch with my roommate. Our reservations were for noon, so we left at 10 to do some christmas shopping beforehand. We went to the mall and got Starbucks. We went into a couple shops and picked up a couple things before it was time to head to the restaurant. It was a new place for both of us. We were seated in a booth in a quiet corner for which we were thankful, for the place was packed. It was my birthday so I ordered us two rounds of mimosas. We also had plenty of water to sip on.

Our food arrived, I got eggs benny and she got french toast. We spent the next hour eating, drinking, and talking. I had noticed her shifting around on her seat a bit, and knew her well enough to know she had to pee. She’s the type who doesn’t like going in public unless absolutely necessary, especially now during Covid I don’t think I’ve seen her pee in public once. I didn’t say anything, just kept a keen eye on her jiggling legs. I felt the urge to pee too, the coffee and mimosas were hitting my bladder, but it wasn’t that urgent yet.

We got the bill, paid, gulped down the last of our waters, and got ready to leave. I noticed her crossing her legs immediately as she stood up to put on her jacket. She glanced around the restaurant, then leaned towards me and said, “Do you see a bathroom anywhere?” Her hips tilted out to one side, legs still tightly crossed, as she zipped up her jacket.

“No,” I answered honestly, looking around for a sign, of course secretly hoping there wasn’t one. “You can ask someone though, I’ll wait outside,” I offered.

She bit her lip, and shook her head. “I’m too shy to ask. I’ll just wait till we get home.”

We left the restaurant and started walking to the bus stop. By now my own bladder was very heavy too. But I could wait, it was only a 10 minute bus ride home.

We checked the schedule and of course we had just missed the bus. It only comes once an hour on Sundays so it would be quicker to walk, we decided.

As we walked past the bakery she said, “Did you want to pick up some cake for later?”

I said ok and we entered the shop.

“Look they have cheesecake,” she said, pointing.

As we stood in line to order I noticed she couldn’t quite stand still and kept shifting her weight from foot to foot. She noticed me eyeing her and said, “I have to pee so fucking bad,” and laughed nervously. I laughed too, but I got really turned on and immediately noticed my own need intensify to the point where I, too, was having to shift back and forth to hold it.

We waited in line for about 10 minutes until we finally got our cake and continued our walk home. It was very cold out, which was making it harder to hold back the urine in our bladders. My urge had shot up to maybe 7 out of 10 but I could tell she was far worse off because she was walking really fast and breathing hard, not making any conversation. At every stop light we had to wait at she stood with her legs crossed and her hips out to the back like a duck.

“You ok?” I asked because I could see her shaking. She replied, “I’m about to fucking piss myself.”

When we were a block from our place we walked into our neighbor who we’re good friends with. Of course we haven’t seen him much recently because of covid so we stopped to talk for a bit. I could see her trying to stand normally and engage in the conversation, but it was very obvious that she needed to get to the bathroom and her time was running out. I’m not sure if our neighbor noticed or he was oblivious to it, but he kept talking and neither of us wanted to be rude and interrupt the conversation. She does this thing when she’s desperate that I think is incredibly cute, where she squeezes the lengths of her straight legs together and crosses her ankles over each other, hands in her pockets, no doubt clutching at her thighs, and kind of rocks her hips back and forth in little circles.

I was curious to see if she would cut off the conversation and run off, but her politeness prevented her, and she stood there, swaying back and forth in agony for the 5 minute conversation, until our neighbor finally left.

“Oh my God, I’m literally about to pee myself,” she hissed at me as soon as he was out of earshot, and immediately doubled over, pressing her hands between her legs. I wasn't sure if she was serious or exaggerating.

She took a deep breath and ran as fast as she could up to our door. She stopped in front of the door, dancing around frantically now, making no attempt to hide it, rummaging in the pockets of her light brown corduroy pants. I glanced at her crotch, trying to see if there was a wet patch, but I couldn’t see anything. I did a pee dance too because at this point I was close to wetting myself as well.

“Fuck,” she yelled, turning to me, eyes wide. “I can’t find my key, please tell me you have your key.”

I grabbed the key out of my pocket, watching her squirm.

“Hurry, I'm gonna pee!” She whined and I unlocked the door, holding it open for her. She hurried inside, ripping off her jacket and bending over to untie her shoes. As she bent, I saw a dark stain making its way down the back inside of her thigh. She squeezed them together immediately, gasping, and ran into the bathroom, one shoe still on.

I heard the forceful stream pour out of her and squeezed my crotch to stop from leaking.

“Did you make it?” I asked as she came out and took her other shoe off. She replied “yes” but I knew she was lying.

