Midweek Night Out

Author: MsV

*000*2019-12-16 09:43

(Note: contains alcohol)

Last week I did something quite out of character. I went out, late, on a work night! I know. I'm not too old to be wild. A friend had a spare ticket for a concert, and while I wasn't quite as in to the band as they were, it would have felt churlish and middle-aged of me to turn down opportunity of a frivolous, noisy night out.

I planned on having at least a couple of drinks, so during the afternoon I sipped a little extra water t my desk, and before heading out I made sure I popped to the loo before to and tidied myself up before heading out. Gig toilets are always dicey, and I was hoping to get by without relying on the ones at the venue.

I arrived near the venue before my friend, and she told me to pick a bar to meet at. Being Christmas, places were heaving, but I found one that looked just about feasible, and met her outside. It was chilly and I was keen to get into the warm, and when she finally arrived we hugged quickly and elbowed our way to a spot on a high table, no chairs, but enough space to perch a glass. We grabbed some quick, less-than-excellent snacks while we caught up,

We had time for a second round before the support act, and while I queued, my friend guarded the table. I was in a bit of a dilemma with my scheduling – I could easily hold on for a while now, but I'd probably end up spoiling the gig, being fidgety and debating braving the toilets at the venue. So, I decided to nip to the toilets at the bar, before we left, and I slightly regretted it.

Firstly, I had that feeling of wasting the opportunity for a nice bit of background desperation, and secondly, the loos here were easily as bad as any basement gig! I felt proud for being sensible, though, and we took the short walk round the corner to the concert. Even in smallish places, it's always about queuing. Queuing to get in, to get our bags checked, checked, queuing for the cloakroom. And of course queuing at the bar. The support band had started, and neither of us knew much about them but they were fun, actually. Towards the end of the set my friend waved her plastic glass at me and nipped off to get us a couple more for the main act.

I was starting to feel the need for a second trip, but I didn't fancy another queue, and passing the toilets on the way had told me enough to let me know I'd be happier staying out here. So I sipped my drink and shuffled my feet a little, waiting for the main act.

I was about two thirds back, no risk of dancing, but an ok view. My friend's a bit shorter than me, and when the band arrived, she quickly squeezed herself forward a little, leaving me and my plastic glass and my slowly expanding bladder alone. I enjoyed the music, shutting my eyes, as I often do at gigs, and I also enjoyed the hum of the bass through a moderately full bladder … it was quite soothing, a sort of warm, steady feeling.

I was a little impatient through the encore/no encore pantomime, ass I really wanted to make my last train, and I knew had the cloakroom queue and the walk down to the station ahead of me. I was also feeling a little more urgent, now, my bladder changing from a vague full feeling to something a little tighter, more insistent.

My friend came and found me once the set was over and we chatted, a little deafly in the queue for our coats. I was squeezing my muscles just a little to keep the feelings in check, but I was happy enough to tough it out until I got home.

Once we were outside, my friend suggested a quick drink afterwards, but I took the unusual step of turning it down - I honestly did want to make my train, and it was a work night, after all. We said goodbye, had a slightly sweaty post-gig hug and she headed for the bus, while I marched off to the train, checking my watch and picking up my pace about halfway. The slightly panicky will-I-miss-the-train feeling seemed to have quieted my need to pee for now, although I was still aware of a tightness in my abdomen.

I made the station ok, but had to scurry up the steps to make the train, and the bouncing motion wasn't very pleasant at all. I was relieved to have made it, and relaxed a little as I got in to the warmth of the train. My feet hadn't loved the few hours stood up in boots, so I took a seat and settled in for the journey, which always feels slower at night.

Sitting down, calmer, the big rush done, I was much more aware of my bladder. I had that sort of pressing feeling, not painful but sort of uneasy. I lent forward a little, and I draped an arm over the top of my stomach, as a vague gesture of comfort, which really seemed to help. I got lost in my phone, texting my friend and browsing idly, distracting myself from counting stops. As the journey got on I felt the feelings shift a bit, more in the background, a sort of tugging, tingly feeling, tolerable.

I was glad to see my station, but the cold air made my muscles clench a little and I was walking just a little tightly, on the balls of my feet, when I got to the bus stop. There were plenty of post-office-party people there, and the atmosphere was lively, but good natured. I don't think anyone noticed me shifting my feet slightly, or the occasional little circular walk, which helped with the little throbs I was starting to get.

The bus was a late, of course, but once it arrived it was pretty quick on the quiet roads. I was feeling fuller now, I remember feeling grateful that my dress was quite loose, and I was tapping my feet slightly as it got nearer my stop, already thinking of the calm quiet of home, the hum of the fan on the bathroom, warm pyjamas and sleep.

I got off and started the walk home, finding my pace picking up the closer I got, my bladder feeling jumpy, giving these little jerky twitches at regular intervals, and the squeezes seemed to get more frequent, and a little harder, as I reached the door.

I'm terrible for latch-key feelings, so I dug my keys out early, popped them in my coat pocket. The little ritual seemed to make my bladder tingle a little more, even though I had a bit to go. I was quick on the doorstep, holding my breath for some reason as I tried to be open the door quickly and quietly, cold hands and few drinks not helping that one bit. I bounced once or twice from foot to foot as I did, then slipped in quickly.

I went through the quiet house, tiptoeing in my boots as best I could, really aware of the ringing in my ears after the concert, and headed straight for the bathroom. I felt my bladder jumping a bit as I got closer, the throbbing feelings feeling deeper, more intense.

Once I got to the bathroom I realised I still had my coat on, so I shrugged out of it as quickly as I could, hung it on the back of the door, stepping a little from toe to toe as I turned around. I had that shaky, 'not yet, not yet!' kind of feeling as I danced to towards the loo. I still had my keys in my hand, too, and I had a sudden image of me losing them from my cold , slightly tipsy hands, so I threw them in to the sink and shuffled quickly over the toilet, little clenching waves every second of two now.

But I was there, I let out a big breath, skirt up, tights and underwear down as I sat down in one clumsy motion, and I was ok, I was home, and I sighed deeply as I let my muscles relax, feeling free, shivering a little, tilting my head back with the relief.

