Wet myself taking online video proctored PMP Exam

Author: Xpgames

*000*2022-01-19 12:12

One of my goals in 2021 was to study for and complete the Project Management Professional (PMP) certification. After an online course, practice tests, studying and completing the exam application process, I was ready to take the exam!! The exam itself costs $555 to take, so I REALLY wanted to pass the first time. The test is up 230 minutes long and 180 questions… you get two 10 minute breaks, one after submitting the first 60 questions and the second after the second 60 questions. I was curious how they’d monitor your testing space and everything via web cam, but I soon found out. You can sign in 30 minutes before the exam and submit photos of your testing area along with your identification. Throughout the test, the video proctor watches you and can revoke your test for suspicious activity…

Well, I was ready!!! To avoid distraction, I took the test in my father in laws office. I was well prepared and made it through the screening process no problem. The test was a bit more difficult than anticipated, but felt I was still doing fine. By the time I finished my first 60 questions, I was ready for a pee and a quick espresso prior to starting the next set of questions… upon returning from my break and starting the next questions, I get a message that my test is being revoked for violating the rules…. I tried to protest but minutes later I was logged out. I filed a complaint, but the best they could do is offer a “free” retake… evidently you’re not allowed to leave your webcam viewing area at any time, breaks included …. That should probably be addressed … for personal reasons, I had to wait 3 weeks before taking it again… gave me some extra prep time at the very least…

On my second attempt, I went through the screening process and this time, before starting the test, the video proctor called me via webcam to validate my testing space… at least they are thorough I guess lol! Only thing I had on my table was my laptop, mouse and a bottle of water. The test was going a lot smoother this time around and was satisfied with my first 60 questions before clicking submit. Then the break screen pops up and it says that all in testing rules apply during the break. Since I could not risk another retake, I asked permission in the chat to use the restroom and get a quick espresso… NO RESPONSE. Mind you they video called me prior to starting the test….

I decided to cut my break short and move on to the next 60 questions. Things were still going smooth, and even though my need to pee was growing, I was still thirsty and trying not to sip too much water. By the time I was ready to submit my next 60 questions, I was a solid 8 approaching 8.5 … obviously the break screen shows that all exam rules apply. I ask again to get up and no response… with the time ticking away on my break, I decide to skip it and move on to the last 60 questions…

My urge to pee was making it harder to concentrate… so I was having to read the questions at least twice before choosing my answer… I was still confident in my answers, but starting to realize that I’d probably pee my pants before the end of the test… for comfort, I was wearing gray sweatpants and a tee shirt. By the time I reached question 160, my water was gone and my bladder was bursting… by now, a 9.5 and not slowing down. I REALLY want to finish without having an accident, but I was losing the battle… and wondering why they didn’t respond to my requests…. Question 170 rolls around and I’m somehow still dry… but that was about to change… I get to question 173 and before I even finished reading it, I felt the first spurt escape and knew I was in big trouble… the weird thing was that it was not a total explosion, but more of a steady stream that I COULD NOT STOP. Flushed with embarrassment, I managed to finish the test and submit my answers.

I am a huge fan of real accidents, but that was definitely not part of any plan that day!! On a side note, I planned a celebratory lunch with wine in one of the restaurants in the building afterwards, so I luckily had jeans and a shirt to change into…

If anyone is actually planning to take this test, save yourself the trouble and wear a big diaper! You will need it!

