Testing Period Pads for Incontinence Leaks

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2017-12-21 10:44

"Getting her panties dirty so you don't have to (unless you want to :P)"

I’ve been working my way through the random grab bag of incontinence and period pads that I’ve been collecting for a while. Some of these were random samples I sent away for, others are whatever is left over from packs of pads now long forgotten, some were left by friends, and others acquired through various life events. Regardless, I realized that I’ve got a lot of these things while I was cleaning my bathroom a while back. If you are interested in links to my other tests, scroll down to the bottom!

In my regular life, I’m wearing pads during the day to catch leaks again (when I’m out and about and going to be far away from a washroom), and this has had me thinking about pads a lot more. As a result, I’ve decided to work my way through the collection, doing a highly ‘scientific’ test of the products while I do. I’ve already tested out a number of these pads over the past little while, you can some of these here:

Anyhow, on this day I had a day off work, and was keen to get down to testing out some pads. I was wearing a comfortable pair of light purple cotton panties with red trim. After breakfast, I had a second mug of green tea and got to work on some email and other activities. These activities included looting through my pad collection to identify just how many different pads I had laying around. I was actually a little surprised at the number. I decided I’d forgo testing out simple panty liners, I’ve got some very thin ones and you can tell just by looking at them that they would actually do more harm than good (directing leaks away from the semi-absorbent gusset of the panties, into your clothing). So I went for all those pads which look like they could actually hold a leak.

With an aim at being as scientific as possible, I decided to wait until I was at about a 7/10 on the old desperation scale and then once again trigger some sneezing. I’ve had success with this approach on my past tests and well I don’t mind the cinnamon all that much.

The first pad I grabbed was this random period pad in a yellow package. It’s a no-name brand pad, acquired I think from the washroom of an airplane on one of my last trips to Europe? Despite it being a no-name brand pad, I thought the little embossing on it might work well.

$$

$$

$$

$$

Anyhow, in order to detect leaks, I slipped into a pair of light gray tights/yoga pants. The kind that are absolutely unforgiving and I’m not sure why I even own these. I then slipped the pad into my purple panties (something that is hard to do when you are not wearing the panties, but I did want to take pictures), and went about my day.

$$

$$

As I was already pretty full from the tea by the time I’d answered some emails and sorted through my pad collection, I was ready for round one. So I headed into the kitchen, grabbed the cinnamon, and made a little poufy cloud of it, just like last time, closed my eyes, stuck my face in the cloud, and inhaled. Apparently where bright lights don’t work for me, cinnamon does, I triggered a rather significant sneeze, which I could feel throughout my entire body. Followed by the inevitable rather significant 3 second release of urine.

Typically, if I know I’m going to sneeze, I’ll bear down, and take some other precautions in an effort to prevent a leak, and this sometimes works. But because I wanted to trigger a leak, I simple relaxed a little more than normal as I inhaled the cinnamon. A 3 second leak is pretty significant. It’s the kind that goes through panty gussets and often leaks little visible wet spots on your pants.

$$

I inspected my tights for any leaks, and seeing none, I headed to the washroom to snap some pictures and change the pad.

$$

As you can see, the pad’s little embossed sections worked really well in keeping the pee to the middle of the pad and away from my tights. I was rather impressed with the pad. It had a soft cotton feel to the top, which suggested the ability to absorb liquid quickly. It was a little bulky, but that’s to be expected.

$$

###

This first test completed, I reached for another pad. Now this was another from an airport, or some other free source of pads. Unlike the previous no-name-brand pad, this one was super thin, and large. These ones I think are designed for overnight use. But again, I think they are from an airplane, so the extra coverage in the bum and overnight design makes sense.

$$

It covered a large amount of the surface area of my panties, but it’s thickness and plasticky top didn’t suggest a very effective pad.

$$

It also had wings, which I find are great for keeping the pad in place, especially if you are sleeping in the pad, but unfortunately wings are terrible for incontinence pads. Good incontinence pads (and I promise I’ll test some of these in the future, thought the Always and Poise were pretty good), had gathers which keep the pee in the pad, the problem with wings like this is they tend to create a channel for the pee, and help it run off the pad and into your clothes.

$$

So I didn’t have very high expectations for this pad, but I decided to give it a whirl.

$$

Once tucked in my panties, I went back to emails, but since I was still pretty desperate, as my previous leak had only released a tiny amount of pee. I only got through 2 before I decided to head back to the kitchen and trigger another sneeze.

$$

The cinnamon worked really well once again and I had two rather large sneezes after inhaling. And again, a decent sized leak 2-3 seconds long escaped from my confused bladder.

$$

I could feel the pee flood the pad, and a wetness on my left inner thigh.

As you can see from the images I took in the washroom after, the wing did help direct the pee off the pad and onto my leg. Fortunately, there wasn’t a wet spot on my tights (at least one visible from the outside) so the semi-absorbency of the wings helped a little. But I definitely had no confidence in the pads at all.

One of the errors inherent in the test I’m doing is that I’m typically standing in the same position, the classic standing position which tends to maximize the effectiveness of pads. Things that make pads less effective include sitting down, or not standing perfectly upright (like bending over, landing a jump). Also it should be mentioned that these pads are freshly put in my panties. On a warm day, or over the course of a day, sweat from the body (and other girl fluids) make their way into a pad. Not only this, but pads can bunch and scrunch as you move about. A pad wedgie makes a little ^ which undermines a pads effectiveness, basically channeling pee off the pad and into your clothes. Anyhow just thought I’d mention the possible errors from the otherwise highly ‘scientific’ test.

Back to the pad at hand, as you can see, my panties stayed dry, but the pad did not inspire confidence. I decided I had just enough patience for one more test. Or rather, that my bladder would tolerate one more test, before it became too full and uncooperative. It’s not used to this kind of activity.

$$

So next up I grabbed an Always Extra-Thin ‘Slender’ period pad. I’m not sure why they need the complicated titles with these things. I bet there’s a marketing person out there who is trying to come up with the next of absorbency after ultra, maximum, super… Anyhow, these are the typical kind of pad I’d wear if I was on my period and wanted a pad with wings. They are short, straightforward, and generally get the job done when it comes to menstruation. They’ve got a light blue design on them and the surface is part that perforated plasticky feel, without it being too plasticky.

$$

They fit in my panties properly. You will notice some of the other pads are way too big for my panties, and tend to widen the gusset. This is super annoying, as the wider pad tends to fold upwards more ^ which is both annoying in general, but also, as I’ve said, reduces the pads effectiveness. The reason why a lot of pads will be wide for my panties in general, and these panties specifically, is that they are girls panties. I wear a lot of cotton panties for girls, I just love the look and feel, what can I do.

$$

$$

But as you can see, the wings are pretty big, and clearly able to accommodate much larger panties, they are almost overlapping on my undies.

$$

$$

So I put the pad in, and immediately went to the kitchen to trigger my next sneeze. I did forget to mention that I cleaned out my nose after each test, as having little bits of burny cinnamon in your nose is not fun. Anyhow, predictably I had another leak, of about the same size as the others (perhaps a little bigger, as I could feel my bladder being unhappy with me putting it under so much strain).

$$

Once again the wings were this pad’s downfall. This time the right side helped run the pee right into my inner thigh and create a visible wet spot on my tights (nothing serious but a spot none the less, everything shows on light gray sweats).

$$

The entire wing was wet (as you can possibly see here). And despite otherwise doing its job, the pad felt clearly wet and yucky. You know those advertisements where they put a piece of paper on a just-wet pad and lift it off to show how dry the pad leaves you feeling? Well this pad would have failed the test. My lady parts were rather wet, inside and out, and if I had to wear this pad for any amount of time after a leak (say the time it would take to make it to the loo to change, or even longer), I would have been seriously uncomfortable. I have the same verdict on the previous pad as well by the way.

$$

As you can see, I got my panties a tiny bit wet taking the pad off and taking pictures.

And again, the annoying thing with the wings is that while they protect your panties, they seem to imperil your clothing.

So the overall verdict is pretty much as you could predict, period pads should be used for their intended purpose, and aren’t really up to the task of containing pee. I should say that the first pad seemed to have been designed to accommodate both, as it worked pretty well. Perhaps somewhere there is an airplane supply company that made the case to airlines that the free pads available in the washrooms should be multi-purpose. I do still have a couple of other airline pads from other flights, so I’ll test this out in the future.

I hope you enjoyed my test and expect more soon.

Don’t forget that all of my panties could be yours! Get in touch if you’d like to buy a pair of my dirty panties!

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

Rach

My other pad tests:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41139-always-discreet-test/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41243-poise-ultra-thin-pad-%E2%80%93-light-absorbency-pad-test/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41264-testing-always-discreet-maximum-pads-%E2%80%93-regular-length/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41311-testing-poise-liner-long-%E2%80%93-very-light-absorbency/?do=embed"

*002*2017-12-21 19:45

{{3 hours ago, panther said:

:D thanks Rachel, I love pads and think it's one of the best genres of wetting

I'm curious at to whether you've peed in an Always Infinity period pad? I've tried one a few times and found they're surprisingly good, given how they're basically almost flat

}}

I have not, or I don't think I have. I'll have to find one. What makes them good?

*005*2017-12-22 01:23

Thank you all ;)

*006*2017-12-22 01:32

More to come soon.

