Indian Club desperation aftermath

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-04-28 13:47

Hey everyone. This experience took place quite a long time back, yet I'm posting it here as a couple of people have asked for it and I have received a few messages inquiring as well. So without further ado, here it is

___

This story happened about a year or so back. I had been dating Shruthi for about 7 months at the time but following a couple of disagreements, we had chosen to take a break of sorts. We ended up getting back together within a month, but that didn't stop me from making the most out of my time as a free man.

Mangalore is a coastal city, not too far from Bangalore, a thriving and happening hub. It's referred to as the Pub City of India owing to it's reputation for partying and alcohol. Following my separation with Shruthi, I called up my friend Ambarish and we planned a weekend trip to Bangalore.

The following weekend, we caught a train and went to Bangalore, reaching in just under 6 hours. We were unable to find a hotel in the heart of the city so I booked a room for a night in a hotel on the outskirts. Ambarish, being short on money, opted to stay the night with a relative in Basavangudi, a part of the old city. I went to my hotel,and he went to his house, we got ready, and met up at 9:00 in the evening on Brigade Road; well known for clubbing and cheap alcohol.

We started off by having a couple drinks at a bar called Wyt (pronounced white) that a friend recommended. If any of you are going to Bangalore by any chance this place is a MUST. 100 rupees will get you four 60mL shots of any alcohol. By the way, 100 rupees is 1.2 dollars approximately or 1 pound !!!

So, back to the story. We got pretty wasted and then moved on to the clubs further down the street. We attempted, unsuccessfully, to enter a couple of clubs that required us to pay an 'entry fee'. Finally we found a place called Fusion near the middle of the road, and, noticing the absence of a bouncer, made our way inside.

The music was loud, the air was thick with the stench of smoke, the darkness was impenetrable except by the random flashes of stroboscopic light. We drank a bit more, partook of some mind altering substances in the dimly lit bathroom (not encouraging), and made our way onto the dance floor.

After dancing for a couple of moments, I noticed a girl repeatedly looking my way. Whenever the lights flashed I would glance in her direction and would see her glancing in mine. I smiled at her and she smile back. Fueled by the potent cocktail of alcohol, Ecstasy, and a raging sex drive, I moon-walked (still a thing in India :P) over to her.

We danced together for a while. Eventually, encouraged no doubt by the dim lights and the loud music, we began to come closer and closer, till we were practically grinding on each others sweaty bodies. She raised one arm up towards the ceiling and wrapped it around my neck, pulling me in towards her. After a couple of minutes of this, I gestured her to some to the bar with me. She obliged.

At the bar, I noticed Ambarish had found himself a girl as well. He was sitting on a bar stool and nodding his head in a clueless fashion, no doubt pretending to hear the words from her mouth that were drowned in the turbulently loud sea of Bollywood music. Through many awkward gestures, I convinced him and the girls to come outside.

Once we stepped outside, Ambarish suggested that we hit another bar. In my messed-up state of mind, this really seemed like the best thing to do. It was now around 1:30 and we headed to a bar called Harry's, near Fusion.

The ambience in that bar was far more relaxed. Soft music was playing and we sat down with the girls and ordered a pitcher of beer. We started talking to each other and introduced ourselves. Her name was Shweta and she was working in an IT company nearby. she didn't look exceptionally good but was cute. I don't believe this picture is of her, as she was not that tall and was a bit darker, but it has a striking resemblance.

I haven't bothered changing her name as there are literally thousands of people called Shweta in Bangalore. :P Strangely, probably owing to my intoxicated state of mind, I failed to finds out the name of the girl that Ambarish was with.

After another 2 pitchers and a round of overpriced shots for the road, we set out to head back to our places. As Basavanagudi is on the way to Hennur, where my hotel was situated, we decided we'd share a ride.

Stumbling out onto the main road, we drunkenly flagged down a passing auto rikshaw, which, to non-asians looks like:

- albeit a lot less clean and well maintained .

We crammed into the auto, which was only equipped to hold 3 people, and set off. I sat next to Shweta and Ambarish's girl sat on his lap making out with him. Eventually, bored, turned on, and drunk, Shweta and I resorted to the same. 20 minutes passed and we were still just leaving the Central district in which Brigade road was located.

I began to notice a stiffness in Shweta, physically. She seemed tensed, uptight. I asked her if all was okay but she just nodded, flicked her hair back, and smiled, then leaned back in towards me. After another 10 minutes, the suspension-deprived auto hit a deep pothole and Shweta squeaked, pulling away from me. In my inebriated condition, I thought nothing of it, and leaned back in and continued kissing.

20 minutes later and we were no longer making out. I sat on one side, staring out of the auto, and Shweta sat next to me, her skinny jean clad legs folded, looking determinedly ahead. She leaned over to the girl on Ambarish's lap, who was still ardently and passionately making out with him and who had one of his hands down her unbuttoned pants and whispered something. The girl on the lap moaned as Ambarish's arm muscles contracted, fondling her with greater intensity, and giggled; saying loudly:

" Chill Maadi, sub teek ho jayega. Mujhe Bhee toilet chaiye", then giggled again and went back to Ambarish.

{Don't worry , I also need the toilet - in a REALLY colloquial slanged mix of hindhi english and kannada}

Shweta sat back on the seat, embarrassed that I now knew her predicament. I reached out and put a hand on her thigh and she smiled.

Within another 10 minutes we pulled up outside of Ambarish's place. Ambarish stumbled out of the auto, the girl followed suite, both still passionately intertwined, threw a 500 rupee note in the auto and bid us off.

As the auto began to take off, Shweta, panicking, leaned out of the auto and said in a quiet shout,

" Main aapke sath aatha sakthee? Mujhe bahut zaroor toilet chaiy.."

{Can I come with you inside? I really badly need the toile...}

But it was to no avail, for they had already left as had the auto, leaving Shweta embarrassed yet again.

I patted her on the back, thinking it wiser than saying anything, and we continued on our drive. Within the next 10 minutes, an icy silence permeated the auto. While Shweta wasn't mad, it was all too clear how uncomfortable she was. She perched her denim ass on the edge of the auto seat and rocked back and forth, albeit very little, still trying her hardest to hide her desperation from me. Her legs were folded tightly and she looked out at the serene city outside, juxtaposing the crisis in her bladder.

15 minutes later and she turned to me and asked me if there were any toilets nearby. I apologized and said that I was not from the city. She tried to ask the auto driver but didn't know sufficient kannada and failed to make him understand. We were now on the city outskirts, a sort of forest between the main city and the suburbs, when suddenly, a small hut with pale blue painting ( a tell tale sign for a public toilet) caught Shweta's eye.

"Rukho, rukho. bus uncle bus", she shouted.

{ stop -basically }

Before the auto had even come to a complete halt she leapt from it and darted towards the stalls. She held the handle to the ladies room and pulled. It was locked. (really not a big surprise. Most toilets in India are locked after dark)

Further showing her desperation she went to the men's bathroom and pulled the door. It swung open. She dashed inside only to return rather crestfallen a minute later.

She sat in the auto and said "Bhai jaldi chalo"

{Go quickly - to the auto driver}

As the auto darted away down the empty streets, I couldn't resist asking her what happened.

"Shweta..", she turned to face me

"Kya Houa??" {What happened}, she looked down again embarrassed.

"Voh bathroom mai..", she trailed off and sobbed {In that bathroom}

"Voh bathroom mai sirf urinal tha..", she continued. {In that bathroom there were only urinals}

I patted her back and kissed her neck, tasting the all too tangible sweat pouring off her skin.

5 minutes later, following a seemingly all too long bout of silent rocking on the seat and a deeper than normal pothole hit by the auto she screamed "Rukho, rokho!!!" {stop}. The auto slowed and she jumped out onto the road before it had even fully halted.

"OY! Kya hua? Kahaan tu jaa rahe hai?" {where are you going? What happenned?} I said.

"Mujhe.. Mujhe toilet chaiye", she sobbed, "Abhi!! Abhi!! Mujhe chaiye!!" {I need a toilet, now!}

I looked at her, standing in front of the auto crossing and uncrossing her legs, bouncing up and down,and said:

"Yahaan mai toilet nahi hai. Rukho, sirf dus minute rukho, aur hum mera ghar mai hoenge." {Wait for 10 minutes, we'll reach my house}

She sobbed softly, trying to hide it, and said tearfully yet calmly;

"Main rr...rrukh nahi saktha. Thoda...", she paused, hesitant, "Thoda aaya hai, adhika aaegaa hai..." {I can't wait. A little.. A little has come, more will come}

""Yahaan mai toilet nahi hai", I reiterated, although genuinely feeling sorry for her, "Baito" {There's no toilets here. Come, sit}

She helplessly agreed and sat beside me in the auto. As I got back into the auto, my hand touched the surface of the leather seat she was sitting on. It was wet, be it with sweat or other bodily excretions, I still don't know.

She got back into the auto and I held her hand tightly, she squeezed tighter.

We carried on for 5 minutes. Shweta's rocking subsided and I thought all was fine. The majority of the pothole ridden stretch was over and we found ourselves on a massive 4 lane flyover. She turned to me and asked me how much longer. I lied and said about 5 minutes. The answer was painful, yet seemingly satisfactory to her.

Unfortunately, 10 minutes later and we were still not at the hotel. Shweta was breathing in short anxious breaths, her legs crossing and uncrossing, only to be shaken around, about once every minute. She rocked back and forth on the seat, inhaling slowly and exhaling forcefully, channeling all of her energy to the fortification of her bladder. The tears had subsided and now she just looked adamant. With no prior warning, a large speed bump rolled underneath our fragile auto, sending us bouncing on our seats. Shweta's eyes widened and she shouted instantly;

"Bus! bus! Rukho!! Aa rahe, abhi aa rahe", she gasped. {Stop, it's coming!!}

A small hiss reached my ears as she continued to yell at the driver to stop whilst simultaneously fumbling around with the buttons on her rapidly filling jeans. By this I could tell that this time there was no turning back for her. It was happening.

Finally, about 5 seconds later, when the auto stopped, she was having a pretty much full accident. She jumped out, and tore down her already unbuttoned jeans and crouched right where she landed on the pavement. She was in a full squat, her patchy discolored blue panties suspended between her knees above her jeans as she squatted, ass mere inches above the ground, and released the torrential pent up stream of urine from her trembling lips.

Her piss flew out in a straight steady and concentrated stream, splattering against the ground. Urine still dripped from the soaked jeans bunched around her ankles.

The moment her panties were removed, the fragrant smell of sex and strong urine reached my nose. The frantic and violent HISS of her steamy piss hitting the tar drove me crazy. I reached out and shone the flashlight from my phone on the portion of the seat on which she had sat. There was literally small drops and one larger puddle on the water-proof leather seat. I placed my hand in it. It was still hot.

Almost a minute later, Shweta finished relieving herself, and reluctantly shook her ass twice, to rid any excessive liquid, crawled back into her wet jeans,and awkwardly sat back in the auto.

We didn't speak at all till we reached the hotel. I paid the auto, checked into the room, and went upstairs. I went to the bathroom took a much needed piss, and lay down on the bed while Shweta went into the bathroom. Owing to the incident, I wasn't expecting to get any action.

Surprisingly however, 2 minutes later, Shweta emerged from the bathroom, wearing only her T-shirt and soaked panties. She jumped onto the bed, straddled me passionately, and began to kiss me while gently grinding the wet fabric of her underwear against my rapidly hardening crotch.

___

Hope you enjoyed it.

PS: Don't know why I'm including this, just though it ought to be mentioned. After sex I actually asked Shweta as to whether or not she was into pee related activities at all. She vehemently denied it and claimed to be repulsed by such things.

Do you think that was true and she was just really turned on?

Or was her being turned on influenced even slightly by the events of the auto?

Ladies, do you feel that even NOT having a pee fetish, the feeling of relief after a long hold is a turn on?

Please leave comments, answers, and suggestions in the comments below.

*002*2015-05-06 09:16

Any preferences or requests for next story? Please inbox or comment

*006*2015-05-07 05:31

{{ 

You said the balcony story is one of the hottest things you've ever experienced, so definitely the balcony story Simohayak!

}}

Sure man, :) Intend to post that, but, warning, it's mainly mess based....

As I'm really into that stuff I found it immensely hot; but, going from some responses, I don't think most people here feel the same. If you think it's fine and you still want me to post it, just say so and I'll get around to it soon:)

*008*2015-05-07 16:54

That should be okay?

*010*2015-05-08 09:32

{{ 

I'm definitely a fan too, but I know what you're where you're coming from. A warning would probably be safe, but either way you have my vote :)

}}

Thanks man, the support's really appreciated. But, just out of curiosity, have you read either of my two previous mess-based experiences?

$/24344-indian-bus-desperation-with-girlfriend/?hl=%2Bindian#entry1004279

$/23865-indian-mass-desperation-in-school/?hl=%2Bindian#entry1004001

After having posted the former I received a message from a member of the site with whom I'd been in regular contact with who told me that she found it far too extreme and graphic. If you would take a moment to look at that story it would be great. If you feel that that is too extreme for the site, please just tell.

If so, I can post the balcony story on another site and share the link here for those interested: otherwise, I could always post on the site.

Please do tell soon, as once I get this final conformation I should post within a few days

*012*2015-05-16 04:12

Hey, Shout out to everyone :) I'm not sure as to whether or not I'll be posting the balcony story any time soon. There's a lot of reasons, not involving the forum, more involving other reasons. I will post it when I get the chance though so don't lose hope

:)

On a brighter note, I'll be posting the wedding story next, a genuine and erotic experience that happened with me and my sister at our family-friend's wedding :)

