Aftermath of swim instructor story: suffering every 30 minutes with desperation

Author: K95F

*000*2022-04-29 01:20

It's been a hefty while, I've been rather busy with some work but I'm back again and last time I said I might talk about the afterstory so here I am. Due to the nature of this being spreadout through 2 days and not really one long incidient I can't really go as in detail but I have another long incident I was thinking of posting anyways (can't wait for me to get depressed into work and write after a month again)

Bathroom trip #1: Right after I finished up my shift and cleaned up the mess that I had caused, I got changed, no idea what I wore that day but I gathered my stuff to drive back home. I guess my bladder wasn't fully done though. I had like that feeling of needing to pee after holding it for really long. The unstoppable sudden desperation and a deep stomach ache. I was in the staff changing room which was next to the lobby bathrooms so I quickly headed over. Not much incident there.

Bathroom trip #2: My drive home took about 30 minutes with traffic, which wasn't that bad but the moment I pulled into the drive way when I suddenly just felt a strong jolt and that sensation of a very slightly damp underwear. I panicked so hard, my garage door was still only half way open and I had never just gone from feeling just about nothing to leaking in a moment. I made it to the bathroom fine but that kind of scared me to what I might've done to my bladder.

Bathroom trip #3 to like dude idk: I probably didn't go to sleep until like 12, thats a usual schedule for me, all I remember is that I was trying to study and like after every page of notes I had to go pee, it was awful.

Bathroom trip #4-5 (lets just say that for the sake of my memory): Not only did I wet the bed that night, I wet myself twice. I wet myself once, which I woke up afterwards, cleaned up, slept on the floor and then woke up while peeing myself.

The morning after was ok, I purposely skimped out on my daily coffee because I was honestly getting so tired beyond a fetish level and I was starting to get genuinely concerned that I had just broke my bladder muscles.

Luckily, by my afternoon class I was feeling a lot better. I wasn't uncontrollably wetting myself every 30 minutes now but my urges were still hitting really hard, really quickly. This was a 2 hour lecture, and I was terrified so I sat right next to the door. I had to burst out 3 times.

I was also the first one out the door when it was over. When I checked in the bathroom my panties were like completely damp. Luckily nothing showed through my skirts (they were probably skirts, the panties were pretty wet). I distinctly remember getting a text from one of my friends in that class, he was really worried I was like violently sick. Nope. I was just an idiot the day before and now I can't control my bladder.

Surely enough though, as the end of the day neared, my bladder was getting back to its regular rythmn, I did still wake up in the middle of the night to pee (and I was surely bursting), but hey, I didn't wet the bed at least.

Anyone else like this? Now I'm curious if anyone else is like this. Although to be fair, I haven't really been like this, this badly afterwards either. Personally, I don't really like wearing diapers or pads, maybe I've been traumatized from childhood or something I just don't like them. You could bet I bought a little to wear just incase this happened again though.

