Almost peed myself on the bus

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2019-12-08 11:33

So this happen to me last week while I was going to visit one of my friends. I had to take 2 buses to get there one from my house to the station and then from the station to my next location. It would take me about 1hour and 30 minutes to get for the station to my friend's place. Once I got up the we had a great time we got something to eat I had a coke and a bottle of water while we ate. After we ate we jus went walk around I had another coke while we where walk. Now it was time for me to leave I hug and kissed her I told her that I'll be back soon. As soon as I go on the bus I felt a slight urge to pee but the bus was leaving soon and I didn't want have to wait on the next one so I said to myself I'll jus hold it till I get back. Not long after the bus left and my bladder was making it self known to me. I thought since I normal hold for longer than this I'll be fine I was wrong.

About 20 minute later I was super desperate and had more than a hour left to sit on the bus. As my need grow I crossed my legs hoping to release so pressure. Ever bump one the road and every sharp corner made it even harder to hold. Only 20 minutes left but it feels like I'm going to burst I need to get off the bus so I could pee. Finally we got back to the station and I'm now bursting for a pee when I got up I leaked a bit enough that I could feel the wetness rub against me. I thought it was now or never. I went straight for the toilet only to see that they were closed for cleaning I almost cried. To my luck rho one of the cleaner came out and saw me holding my crotch and asked if I needed to pee I told her yess and she let me in luck thing to I might have peed myself if It was for her. That's my story hope u enjoy

