First dates are the worst!

Author: Lilypad

*000*2017-09-25 19:44

I have a few stories that I'm willing to share with you all, although this one is the only one that's a genuine accident and not a bedwetting, meaning this one is also the longest one. The others are all just smaller, yet embarrassing incidents.

So first one I'm going to write about here is my most embarrassing one, which happened in January 2016, can't remember exactly what day, not that it's important. I had just started seeing this guy, (who will come up in 2 other experiences, since we ended up dating for a while) let's just call him Dan, and we had been talking for a couple of weeks. I had been wanting to ask him out, but as the shy and insecure girl I am, I never dared to do it, so I just waited for him. Finally, on a Thursday afternoon, he asked me if I wanted to go see a movie with him. I recall being both super nervous and super excited, this was him asking me to go out on a date. The problem was though, I have mixed feelings about cinemas; You're stuck in a room full of people for 3 hours with only one 10 minute break for bathroom and other things, and even though I am able to hold it for quite a long time, my bladder fills up pretty fast.

Now, I do like holding, but certainly don't like doing it in public, and not to mention with a person I just started seeing on our first date. It felt like a terrible idea. Yet, it was something I could not refuse. So I told him I was game and asked him what movie he had in mind. Turns out he had not thought that far, leading to us checking what movies were in theaters. I saw nothing interesting, until he pointed out DiCaprio's new movie, "The Revenant". He told me his cousin had gone to see it a week before and strongly recommended it, although he had no idea what it was about. I really didn't care much at that point, since I just wanted to mark that date as confirmed.

So, that's it for "prologue" is suppose, you know now the necessary backstory that led me to going to the movies.

So, Saturday came and he picked me up at 9:30 PM, the movie started at 10 PM. As we arrived, we went to the reception, he insisted on paying for both the tickets, and we went inside. He told me to go find some good seats, he was going to get Popcorn and something to drink, asking me if I wanted anything. I told him I would be happy with a Coke.

So I went to the big dark room with the big white screen, which at that point was displaying some advertisements. I found some good seats, sat down and waited for him. After about 10 minutes he finally came, holding a large bag of popcorn and 2 huge soda cups, it was close to being 1 liter (Probably 900ml, because for some reason it's always right under, like the milk cartons, 1 and a half liter...why not just 2?). "That's waay to big!" I told him. I was not planning on drinking that much that night, but I love soda, so if I have a liter in front of me, I'm gonna drink it. I figured it would be smart to go to the bathroom before the movie started, so I whispered to him "Bathroom", to avoid the scenario of me standing up and him then asking me where I'm going. (He's a person who really always accidentally speaks to loud, so that would be really embarrassing, I thought). 

But he of course, couldn't just nod his head, instead he asked me surprised "Didn't you go right before we left?". That was true, I did do that, and I really didn't have to go, I just wanted to check if I would be able to release a bit more, since as I stated above, my bladder fills up pretty quickly, and I did have a glass of water before leaving the door. But that question made my face turn red, I couldn't tell him I was "just checking", that would be way too embarrassing, it's a sort of thing parents make their kids do so they don't have accidents. "The movie trailers have started, so it won't be long until the movie starts" he added. That was also true, so I just sat back down and told him I could just go in the break.

So the movie started, and I drank my soda, watching DiCaprio win his Oscar. Hour (or somewhere around that, I didn't really have a stop watch with me xD) into the movie, I noticed that my bladder was starting to fill. It was nothing much, but enough for me to feel a need to go. Me being me, I still continued to sip on my soda, until finally the break came. We both stood up and stretched ourselves. I was thinking of going to the bathroom, when he said "So, should we go for a smoke?". 

I figured I could just go outside for a smoke with him and then go to the bathroom before returning to our seats, so I agreed, I was pretty desperate for a smoke as well. So as we stood there outside, I was desperately focusing on standing still to hide my need to go while he was blabbering something about the movie. 6 minutes into the break we both crushed out or cigarettes and headed back inside. On our way we passed the shop again, and he said he was going to buy another soda for himself, he already finished his. I had no interest in any more soda at that moment, so I told him I was going to the bathroom in the meantime, I'd see him at our seats. He nodded and went to buy his soda.

I walked towards the bathroom, but once inside, I noticed all the stalls were occupied and at least 3 other girls were waiting and 2 minutes left of the break. I was really interested in the movie, so I didn't really want to miss any of it, plus it's not like I haven't held it before, and I had been more desperate than this before. Needless to say, I underestimated my tough situation and decided to pee after the movie was over.

As the movie went on, my urge grew stronger, I crossed my legs in order to subtly hold it without him or anyone else around us noticing. I was fighting my temptation to put my hand in my crotch with all I had, because that would pretty much give me away. I guess it's safe that in hindsight, I should have given up on my foolish pride. About 30 minutes left of the movie, some pretty exciting fight scene going on, also probably the most intense thing in the whole movie, got me pretty interested. Interested enough to, thanks to my ADD, take my attention off my now very desperate need to go. I didn't even notice it when a few drops managed to slide into my panties. It wasn't until a large spurt came that I, out of reflex, threw both of my hands into my crotch faster than even Barry Allen would.

I instantly turned my head to him, and to my relief, he was deeply sunk into the movie's final moments. I pressed my hands strongly on my pussy to stop the flow. (Mind you this all happened in like a 4 second time span). I was doing my best to hold back the tears that were forming in my eyes. I felt like a complete loser. I managed to stop the pee, but I knew my leggings were at least a little bit wet, because my fingers had pee on them. This minor accident relieved some of the pressure from my bladder, allowing me to go through the last 10 minutes of the movie without any further incidents.

The movie ended and the credits started rolling. Everyone in the room stood up, but I was too embarrassed to move. The lights had been turned on so if there was a wet spot, it would be visible (I was wearing gray leggings). Dan had stood up as well, but noticed I wasn't. "You ok?" he asked, concerned. "Y-yea" I stuttered out, "Can we just wait a bit longer". He was very confused at that moment, "Sure..is something the matter?". I looked at him, seeing a pure sense of concern in his eyes. 

I pulled my thighs apart, revealing the small wet patch on my crotch with shame in my eyes. He was surprised but didn't say anything, most likely he was not sure what to say. All he did was put his hand on my head and stroke my hair. I felt like a little kid, I was sure Dan was freaked out about this, I was certain I completely blew my chance with him. After everyone had left, he said "There, now we can leave" and smiled in a very caring way (Not sure how to describe it, it was a smile that made me really feel better, feel safe. Kind of a smile that says "It's ok, I'm here for you"). I stood up and we left the room, and I hurried over to his car. I was still really embarrassed, all I could think of were everyone around me, I felt like all eyes were on me, like everyone was judging me.

As soon as we sat down in his car and all doors were closed, he looked at me, stroked the hair that was in my face and led it behind my ear, and said "It's ok, things like this can happen."

The ride home was a very awkward one, he was really unsure what to say and all I wanted to do was sink into a hole and disappear forever. As we arrived at my place, I thanked him for the night and hurried up inside. I didn't really give him a chance to say anything, I was just feeling too embarrassed to even look at him. Worst first date ever, I thought.

Well, yea, there's not much else to tell about what happened afterwards, my mother had already gone to sleep, so I just threw my leggings and panties into the washing machine, turned it on, showered and went to sleep. The following day I avoided his calls, I was too afraid to talk to him, too ashamed of myself, but I called him myself in the night, and met up with him again. He asked me if I wanted to talk about it, by which I refused, saying I'd much rather just forget about it ever happening.

