Small sightings and a few minds

Author: Tibarary

*000*2017-09-07 09:11

Driving home from work, I pass a lot of bus stops and looking closer sometimes I notice high school or college girls who clearly have to pee. No more than a day ago I saw a girl standing at a bus shelter bending forward slightly with tightly crossed legs, talking with her friend. Another time, traffic was running very slow, so I had a bit more time to watch, a girl was standing with a group of other girls but it seemed she couldn’t stand still, then she leaned her back against a wall und took her hand on the inside of her thighs, not holding her crotch but she looked like she longed to do so but was too embarrassed to do that in public. Sometimes the "need to pee" signs are not so obvious but as a experienced watcher I think you can develop a view for such things. These are the the small pleasures of everyday life at the end of hard working days.

So, sometimes I think about how interesting it would be to live in a house with a view to such a bus shelter. Especially for a real life desperation fan like me, this would lead to a lot of good sightings I think. At all it seems to me that a lot of girls have to pee on the way home from school.

Because of my job I am at scenes of accidents once in a while and naturally we have to block the road. Now imagine a bus with a girl I mentioned above is standing in such a jam with no possibility for her to relief herself.

This reminds me on a short sighting I had many years ago with a school bus. On this time I had to use the bus myself to get to school and one day, I can’t remember happened, we were standing in a traffic jam in a small city. After a while the driver told everyone who lived in this town better to go out and walk home because he also didn’t know how long we would standing there. A girl, maybe 14 or 15 years old, sitting behind me, got up and said to her friend something like “shit, I had to pee so badly, why does this happen just today, it’s a long walk home”… Then both girls get out and I never saw them again (I know, not a very exciting sighting, but it was the time it become clear to me, I’m interested in such things, today I would be more intent).

A more recent sighting I had on a cold winter day. I was driving through a town and the traffic got slower and nearly came to a hold. There were some road work and during the other lane stopped completely we could drive on slowly.

I noticed a bus (not an urban bus, more a tour bus) on the other roadside which opened the door and 2 or 3 girls dashed out, running behind what looked like an uninhabited building on my side of the road, clearly looking for a place to pee. Unfortunately the traffic on my lane got faster and without a possibility to stop, I drove by. Normally, such buses have toilets on board so it would be interesting why those girls decided to relief themselves in broad daylight in a semy public place.

*003*2017-09-12 08:51

Thanks for your sightings! After all, if you look closely, it is not dfficult to spot girls who looked like they have to deal with a full bladder if you are out and because the real desperation fans are not so many here, it is imortant to share also small sightings ;-)

Here is a story I found somewhere on the internet (not my sighting) long tiome ago and saved it. Sounds like a true sighting to me.

I approached the bus stop after work and there were 2 school girls waiting on their own, they were about 15 or 16 yrs or so dressed in blazers with grey knee length pleated skirts and knee length socks, they must have been late out or something because it was easily an hour after school time, as I approached one girl was pacing around inside the shelter, here we go! I thought , the other was just standing leaning against the shelter frame, they were chatting away despite the girls obvious need to pee.

I slowed my pace to assess the girls need, she kept pacing the 3 meters or so of the shelters length then turned and repeated it the other way, she was obviously unable to stand still for a second and continued to move about the length of the shelter. Then I arrived, in sencing my arrival she stopped walking to and fro and stood to look for the bus up the road, she lasted less than a second and then continued her pacing but it became more frantic and more obvious.

I stood with my back leaning against the shelter wall facing the direction the bus would appear keeping her in full view, she darted to the bench in the shelter and sat down but immediately started bouncing her legs up and down knees together at a good pace, her friend commented on her situation for the first time since I arrived saying 'are you alright?'. The girl was squirming around also now as well as bouncing her legs but decided in my presence to ignore her friends question and asked her friend a question in return about the maths class or something.

She then got up as sitting was surprisingly doing her no good, I felt sorry for her but at the same I was so enjoying her show as it just got better, as she stood there was no way she could conceal her desperation now by pacing up and down, instead she was really jogging on the spot, dancing in circles, continually moving around. I thought she must be at her absolute worst point before an accident, she had her hands in her pockets now and I could see clearly she was pressing into her groin area through her pockets whilst bending forward a bit and crossing her legs briefly before squirming around again with big hip movements.

Then they decided to walk on to the next bus stop, I couldn't follow obviously, I didn't see them again, I don’t know what happened to her.

*006*2017-09-21 15:38

{{On 17.9.2017 at 5:50 PM, Jack_86 said:

Hello alltogether!

I'm Jack and I'm a new member here on this board. I also like desperaion and wetting stories and Videos and hope, we will be able to talk a lot about these themes. :)

}}

Hi and thanks for your sighting!

Today I had another small sighting during our lunch break.

We were going to the local snack bar and took the only existing table there. It’s a very small place with only one table and a few chairs and the lunch counter, nothing to stay longer but enough for a short lunch break.

We ordered our food and after a short while a few school girls (I guess in their 9th or 10th grade) entered the place and ordered their "to go" meals. They had to wait during their food was prepared and because I had a good seat for observation, I noticed one of the girls was a bit fidgety. Most of the waiting time she stood with her legs crossed and changed position sometimes. Because they were standing not more than two meter away from me I could hear her conversation (a lesson was cancelled so they had to bypass the time until the next lesson).

Suddenly the girl with the crossed legs said to her friends, loud enough for me to hear “I hope we hadn’t wait so long, I had to pee”, (roughly translated) her friend didn’t answer. Unfortunately for me they had to wait only 5 minutes and walking out with their food in their hands the girl again said “I really had to pee”. I couldn't look to obvious at them because I was with my colleagues.

They left, surely searching for a place to eat. If they had around one hour or more until their next lesson I wonder if the girl waited that long or if she used a public toilet somewhere.

I must say, I can't remember the last time I heard a (young) adult girl talking so open in such a small place about her need, with others around who could hear her too.

*008*2017-10-16 08:53

A short but nice sighting from the weekend I like to report about. I was sitting on a table of a restaurant together with my family and my girlfriend at noon. Because the weather was really nice, we were sitting outside and there were a lot of other people, so it took a long time before the ordered food was served. During that time nothing special happened but after a while I looked closer to the table on our right side and noticed a couple sitting there vis a vis.

The girl was wearing a sweater and some kind of tight stretch pants in black. She was a bit agitated and from the place I was sitting, I had a good view under the table and on her legs. I could see how she had on hand between her legs, not touching her crotch, but holding the inside of her upper thigh. She took her hand away several times, rubbing her thighs, and changed the hand frequently.

Later, her hand wandered higher, but I couldn’t see her crotch directly from the position I was sitting, and I had to be careful not to make my observation to obvious with my girlfriend and family around.

During her hand movements, she and her friend looked around the whole time for a waitress to pay, but this place was obviously not familiar with such a huge number of people and it took a time until a waitress looked at this outside area of the restaurant.

It was visible she had problems to sit still on her chair and she took her hands away from her legs and put both hands under her thighs, like she was sitting on them and seesawed with her legs up and down.

I have no idea why she didn’t use the toilet in the restaurant and relieved herself, her need was clearly visible to me.

Instead of that she talked with her friend and he was standing up and got inside to look for a waitress or pay inside. He came back and told her someone would come the next moment. The girl nodded and crossed her legs the first time I observed her. A moment later, a waitress was coming and they paid and got away.

Because the outside tables were behind the restaurant, they had to go through the building on their way back and also had to pass the toilets. I'm nearly sure she used the toilet then. If not, it would be an interesting way home for her. This restaurant was in the middle of nowhere, only visited by day trippers (like us).

I’m sure her bladder was full, all her movements told me that, and I can’t imagine she was taking the risk of a long walk or car ride back until they were home.

We sat there more than an hour and this couple was already sitting there as we arrived. I would guess she was around 25 years old, her friend looked older.

*009*2017-11-06 11:53

Yesterday I saw a driving school car and this remembered me on a long forgotten desperation sighting, I like to tell you.

It was in the year before my 18 birthday and I visited the driving school. I live in a very rural area and for the theoretical lessens we had to drive in another village, where the driving school was situated.

The lessons were held every Saturday and the driving instructor had to collect his students from all the villages around with a mini bus. Some, like me, were picked up from the instructor; others were brought by their parents to the school.

The class room was a room in his house with seats and tables and a projector to show the presentation.

Before the lessons started and during the short break between the lessons we could use another room, more like a lounge to relax. I can’t exactly remember how long those lessons lasted but I think it was one hour, a short break and another hour, maybe a bit more.

At the beginning or during the break, he asked one by one because of a coffee or tea or something to drink. Like most of the others I drank a cup of coffee every time.

Next thing I remember were the way back home one day. I was sitting in the first row of the minibus (window side), a girl in the middle and another student next to her. We didn’t talk with each other because we didn’t know us good enough (instead of the few times during the driving school).

It was maybe ten minutes after we started, I noticed something. The girl opened and closed her legs tight from time to time. She did this very inconspicuously during we were driving through the curves of this very curvy mountain road.

This was when I noticed, this girl must have to pee. My memory is not so good, but I think she took her purse between her legs too. Today, I would pay more attention to such as situation, but I had much more other things in my head at this time, but was already interested in desperate girls.

What I can remember, she looked like an average girl of seventeen years with long brown hair. She was wearing jeans and winter boots (that’s all I remember).

Ten more minutes passed and we reached the home of the other boy sitting next to us and he climbed of. She stayed in the middle but her movements on the seat got stronger, even I saw her effort to stay calm.

Than the instructor asked me if it would be a problem for me if we were driving to the girl’s home first. Normally I would be the next one who had to go out because my village was closer, but for him it would be easier to drive her home first. I agreed.

She lived a half hour away from the driving school and we were in the middle of the journey as she did something I never had seen before. She took her right hand and put them under her ass from the side and rocked back and forth again. (Much later, with a better access to the internet and in the days of forums, smart phones and facebook, I learned that some girl use this technique to put pressure on her pussy without holding themselves between their legs if absolutely necessary)

Her face grimaced a few times and suddenly she asked the instructor if he can make a stop at the flower shop she was working (learning) at, to use the toilet there because of all the coffee she drank.

This shop was directly on our road and of course he agreed.

Thinking about this now, she must be very desperate because it took us only fifteen minutes from the flower shop to her home and she felt visibly uncomfortable to ask for a toilet stop so close to her home (or in front of me).

It started to rain and I remember exactly the words of our instructor who teased her a bit in a funny way and said something like “it’s starting to rain, not so good for someone who had to pee, or?”

She didn’t say anything back to him, but nodded and blushed.

Not long after that we reached the shop and she opened the sliding door of the minibus as fast as she could. Because she was in such a hurry, she hit her forehead on the door frame while jumping out of the car. The instructor shouted to her “hope you haven’t hurt you” but she was running in the shop without looking back.

I looked at the place she was sitting but saw nothing; I felt with my hand over the seat, but felt no wetness.

After a while she came back very relieved. She climbed back in the car, but now on the empty seat row behind me. Nothing was said the rest of the journey.

Later we reached her home and she got out, sadly for me, no wetness was shown on her butt.

The next hour, she refused to drink a coffee.

This must be one of the first desperation sightings I witnessed (or remembered so well).

*012*2017-12-08 15:20

I had another nice sighting today.

I left my house when I saw a dark van standing on the far end of the road (200 meters distance). As you can see in the picture, the last part of the small road is some kind of dead end road. The van was standing with the front to the snow heap, drivers door open.

What attracts my attention were the two feet (legs apart) I could see from someone who must stand behind the open door. Because I could not see the upper part of a body, this person must be in a bend over position. A short time later, a women appeared from behind the door, adjusted her clothes, got in the car and drove away. I recognized her as the girl from the parcel service who delivered the packets in our village. She is an average looking women in her late twenty's I think.

It was clear to me, that she was bursting for a pee and was hiding behind her car door for a very public piss. Of course I went to the place the car was standing and saw the evidence of my suspicion. Melted snow between two footprints with a yellow shimmer. I marked the two footprints where she was standing and peeing (the other footprints were from her turn around back in the car). Because I couldn't see her squatting (or her ass) between the underside of the door and the road, she must have peed in a high squat.

Although the road is not very busy, the place is not much hidden and the risk of getting caught is high, so I think she must be under enourmus pressure to relief herself there.

$$

$$

$$

*013*2018-05-23 09:44

Last week I saw a girl (with two friends) on her way home (home from school I think) at the early afternoon. They were fooling around a bit in a small park outside the building I’m working, so I had a good view on them.

Normally this would get my interest, but one time I was looking outside, I saw one of the girls holding her crotch for a few seconds and then take her hand away. My interest awakened and I watched closer. They took some selfies, and moved around a lot, turning wheels etc. The one girl grabbed her crotch from time to time what let believe she was desperate to pee.

After maybe a quarter of an hour, they left, and as they walked towards my building to the more frequented main road, she took the chance again and was holding herself a bit longer, covering her hand with the other one. But it was very visible what she was doing. Back on the main road, she took her hand away and they walked out of my sight.

The girl wore tight high waisted jeans (I hate such clothing, but they are very common today) with a simple shirt.

