Skipped my morning pee and paid the price at school

Author: Despboy15

*000*2020-12-15 21:29

This is a close call I had at school last week. My school uniform consists of a royal blue polo, school uniform style khakis, and a standard brown dress belt. There also was an option for a hoodie, which I wore over my shirt. My bus comes at 6:50 AM, so I usually wake up at 6, but my alarm clock didn’t go off this time so I woke up at 6:41. I immediately panicked and jumped out of bed. I slipped on my underwear, put on socks, buttoned and zippered the khakis, tucked in my shirt, and buckled my belt nice and snug. I threw on my sneakers and ran out the door with my backpack. I made it to the bus stop and hopped on the bus just in time. As my bus went in it’s path, I realized I hadn’t taken my morning pee. I had ten hours of urine begging for release in my bladder, but I have a pretty strong bladder so I wasn’t too worried. I was squeezing my legs together the whole ride.

When I got to the school, they made us go straight to the third floor and make us wait in the gym. I hurried up the stairs and speedwalked to the men’s room door. It was off limits since the janitors were cleaning it. I was frustrated but shrugged it off. I didn’t find an opportunity to use the bathroom at all. I couldn’t really leave because if I even look away for one second I have no idea what’s going on, and I don’t have time to use the bathrooms in between classes since I only have 4 minutes and my classes are far apart. Lunch time came and I got my lunch and set it down before running to the bathroom. This time the line was super long. After about 20 minutes of struggling to hold it in, I realized I wasn’t gonna have enough time to eat lunch. I groaned and headed back to my seat, where I found that the chocolate milk and my belt see a killer combo on my bladder.

After that, I had 3 straight hours of classes. By the time last period rolled around, I couldn’t take it. I couldn’t keep my hands out of my crotch, little spurts were coming out, and my legs were getting tired of squeezing together. I said screw it and asked a classmate to tell me what I missed when I got back and got permission from the teacher to go. My limit had been reached and I couldn’t hold it any longer. I sprinted to the bathroom, but was delayed by a security guard who reprimanded by for running and asked to see my ID badge.

I sprinted into the bathroom and quickly found a stall. I threw my bag down and started unbuckling my belt. My bladder couldn’t take it anymore and I started going while I was struggling to undo my belt. I finally got my pants off and breathed a huge sigh of relief. I stripped down to asses the damage. My briefs were soaked, so I threw them in the trash. My shirt was a little wet and my pants had a huge wet spot, but both of those could be hidden by tying my hoodie around my waist. My bladder ached and was pretty weak for the rest of the day.

*005*2020-12-27 03:02

{{3 hours ago, huberp76 said:

Great and hot, you was able to hold it 18? hours before you went to the toilet and then you started leaking before could get your pants and your briefs down!

Was your bladder bulging, after holding it for so long?

Was this your longest hold?

}}

I didn’t really count but somewhere around there

Yea, it made the pressure much worse since I couldn’t unbuckle my belt to give it room

I think so

*007*2021-04-01 16:03

{{On 3/28/2021 at 12:23 PM, Spectator9 said:

I've known of guys who "forget" to pee when they get up in the morning on purpose, and holding it is their challenge for the day. They often pee before lunch and almost never make it until the end of the day. If your bladder is already nearly full when you get up there isn't much space for morning coffee and lunchtime beverages! In my wild youth I tried it a few times but I caved in at lunchtime. I didn't want to pee my pants in public! The sensations from a very, very full bladder are exciting!

}}

I tried to do that, but the problem is that I also have to poop in the morning, so if I try to do this, I’ll poop myself.

There is one time I didn’t have to poop and I tried to hold it throughout the day, but like you by lunchtime I would be bursting and rushing to the bathroom because I wouldn’t want to be humiliated at school.

