Car Desperation

Author: Desptowee

*000*2021-10-10 17:42

This story happened a few weeks ago, me and my friend took a mini road trip to Canterbury, which is about a two hour drive from where we live.

We'd been exploring the city all day and we were ready to head back home. I hadn't used the toilet for about 5 hours, but I felt okay, even though I'd consumed over around 1.5litres of water (it was a warm day). Just before we started the main part of the journey home, we stopped at a supermarket just to get a drink and something to eat to keep us going for the drive. I had an Iced/chilled coffee and grabbed some more water.

As we were paying, I felt the slight need to peed and contemplated going, but I assumed I would be fine, it was only a couple of hours.

I finished the coffee before we started driving again, which in hindsight, was a terrible idea as coffee goes straight through me and giving I already needed to go a bit, it was definitely a bad mix.

We decided to go the coastal way home, going down to Folkestone first and then along the south coast. Before we'd even got to Folkestone, I was regretting not peeing beforehand and definitely regretting the coffee. I was filling up fast! I mentioned it to my friend (we're super open) and she asked if I wanted to stop. I said no because I was convinced I would make it home absolutely fine.

About an hour into our journey, I was so so desperate! My legs were squeezed together and I was starting to fidget. I was doubting my ability to hold for at least another hour.

And then... Traffic. A lot of it. We didn't plan our timings well and hit the rush hour traffic. I started to panic. I was dying for a pee and we weren't moving. Getting our the car wasn't an option because there were so many others around. I don't think my hands left my crotch for ages, I was too scared to let go.

Then it happened. I leaked. I absolutely could not pee in the car. I could not pee myself, I had to hold it. I could hold it!

I somehow managed to keep holding for another half an hour with no leaks, but we were still at least 45 minutes from home and that was with no traffic. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it, but I kept telling myself I could.

I could not sit still, I was bouncing up and down in my seat, my legs were fanning in and out, I really had to push on my crotch to help hold it. I squeezed my legs together so hard. Nothing was helping, I needed to go and I needed to go soon.

My bladder was not happy and I felt it contract as I let out another leak. This time it was so much worse and I knew I was in trouble. I had to fight so much to stop myself from fully losing control.

I told my friend how urgent it was and that she was definitely going to have to pull over because I was close to peeing. I was so so desperate and every bump in the road was torture.

Thankfully, the road we were now on was quiet so once we found a decent place, I knew I could just get out and let it go. But there didn't seem to be anywhere and I was struggling!

I wasn't letting out big leaks, but I could feel drops of pee coming out, I could feel my pants getting wetter and I knew it wouldn't be long until it soaked through my jeans. I sat on my jacket to save my friends car seat. I could feel myself starting to cry and I felt my muscles slowing starting to give up.

After about 10 minutes, I let out another big leak, stopped it and then another, stopped it again and then another leak. My jeans were now wet too.

I was on the verge of peeing myself just as I felt the car slow down. Finally a layby! My bladder must've known too because I leak out another big leak. And another. And another. As soon as the car stopped, I jumped out, yanked my jeans and pants down and peed so hard. I must've gone for around a minute at full force.

I sorted myself out, sighed and just stood there looking at how much had come out of me. I got back in the car and finished our journey, arriving home about 40 minutes after my relief - there was no way I would have ever made it.

*006*2021-10-17 10:50

{{On 10/10/2021 at 7:17 PM, Marco said:

And your friend never said anything again?

}}

We've known each other for over 10 years, we're super close and nothing we do surprises each other anymore. So nah, not really, we laughed about it and just carried on

{{On 10/11/2021 at 8:09 AM, PuddleofmyPee said:

How did your friend react? How much damage was there? If you leak like I have it would be noticeable.

}}

She was chill, she's used to me getting desperate. It wasn't super noticeable because I was in black jeans and the car was fine because I was sat on my jacket (which had a small wet patch on it)

