My Exe's First Date

Author: Kayushi

*000*2010-08-27 06:41

Hi... I'd like to start out by saying I'm new to the whole forum thing, but I've been a huge fan of omorashi since I was a kid, mostly because of a girl in one of my classes that was really cute and CONSTANTLY wetting her pants. As a matter of fact we became really good friends and almost ended up going out, except her family moved to god knows where.

Anyway, on to the part you guys WANT to hear about...

Before me, my ex-girlfriend, Sami, had never been on a date, she'd been asked on dates, but she was always stood up, so I decided that I wanted to take her on a date and make it special. I took her to a riverfront park near where I live that I knew not a lot of people hung out at, because I wanted to be alone with her. On the way there, each of us had at least 3 20 oz. bottles of water. Now, I should say that I am (sadly) a champ at bladder control, and have never accidentally wet myself (though I have on purpose). However, Sami is not so great at it. It was about a week after a hard rain, so the ground was pretty soft, but dry enough to walk on, and the river was very high with a fast current, so after about a half hour of sitting on a bench talking, Sami started squirming a bit. I asked her what was wrong, even though I knew already, but i didnt want to let on about the fact that desperation excites me.

She told me that she had to pee, but that she hated using public restrooms. I offered to take her to her house so she could use the restroom, even though my apartment was closer, but A. I wanted to watch her squirm some more and B. my roommates had never met her, and I thought it would be weird for them to just see some random girl bolt through our apartment into our restroom. We walked, slowly obviously, to my car where I opened the door for her so she could use her hands to hold her crotch until she was sitting again. Once we were both in the car and buckled up, I took off as fast as I could down the highway without exceeding the speed limit. About half way to her house she was coupled over in my seat with both hands between her crossed legs, bouncing a little bit to keep from leaking. It was so difficult for me to keep from watching her that I started going into another lane on accident.

When we got to her neighborhood, finally, I had forgotten that there were speed bumps every few yards, and hit one at about 30 mph. When the car went over the bump, Sami let out a cute little squeal and glared at me. I could tell she was getting close to wetting herself because now she was biting her bottom lip, and when I went over the bump, she must've let out a little spurt because she moved her hands to check the damage. I looked over just in time to see a small wet spot on her crotch. 

As we pulled into her driveway, she bolted to the front door of her house, to find out that it was locked. Her mom wasn't home. She stood there for a moment holding herself and bouncing up and down like a 5 year old, which I found adorable, before she decided to try and climb through her bedroom window, which, being about 5 feet off the ground, she needed a boost for. I knelt down and cupped my hands to give her a boost. She managed to get halfway into the window before she squealed again and I saw the wet patch on her crotch start to grow. I guess when she figured out that the windowsill putting pressure on her bladder wasn't helping, she gave up, because she started to climb out of the window.

As she was doing so, the wet spot started rapidly growing and moving down her right leg, which was conveniently the foot I held to give her a boost. As she finally let go, and her feet were both on the ground, she relaxed and let the contents of her bladder flow. She spread her legs a bit and we both watched as the warm liquid flowed out of her pants like several small waterfalls, while the wet "spot" quickly engulfed the insides of her pants legs. She leaned against her house, blushing, as her urine made a puddle on the already-damp ground. 

Finally, after a good 5-7 minutes, the flow became a few drips and eventually stopped. Resigned, Sami sat in her puddle and I could see tears in her eyes. I told her, still trying to hide my excitement, that I didn't think any less of her. She told me that's not why she was crying, but that on the way in the window she had scraped her stomach, and that, as a matter of fact, she was proud to say that she sometimes made a habit of letting herself get desperate and wetting herself and that she was proud of it. We waited for her mom to get home, which wasn't that long, thankfully, so she could change her clothes and we could resume our date.

This turned out to be the best date I'd ever been on... unfortunately, it was our only one, because she moved a couple weeks later.

*005*2010-08-27 16:53

{{ 

Very nice experience, this and the fact that you had that girl who wet herself a lot makes you a very lucky man. However I have one question about your story.

I'm sorry, but you have to understand why that is hard to believe for me. lol. The bladder would have to be extreamly over-sized, liked deformed. I just don't see how this is humanly possible, could you explain? lol.

}}

I wasn't actually keeping track of time, so it's more of an exaggerated estimate lol. I just remember it seeming like a long time.

And yeah, I was lucky to find her. I miss being with her, though we still talk on the phone sometimes and her favorite line now is "I almost peed my pants".

*011*2010-08-28 04:39

{{ 

Please, please, please, please.......please...

Divide up your stories in paragraphs. It makes it a lot easier to read as well as more encouraging. Because all I see is a giant wall of text. Also, I think we could all get into the habit of informing everyone the clothes the person wears when having an accident.

}}

Thank you. This is exactly the kind of feedback I'm looking for as an aspiring writer. I mean, it's always nice to hear that your stories are good, but a little constructive criticism goes a long way.

I will be sure to divide future posts into paragraphs. Like I said, I'm rather new at the whole forum thing... so forgive me this one.

