Day at the Beach

Author: ElleEnchanted

*000*2015-09-15 23:25

It was more than 100 degrees, in boiling heat we rode in my older brother's minivan. His name is Cooper-Zack, a name he choose for himself once he turned 18. His real name is Ezra, which I still call him. "Ezzie," I patted him. "When are we going to get to the beach? Are we even close?"

"Almost," Ezra said, sounding highly offended. I brought along my two girl, Desseré (Deh-Ze-Rea) and Augie. Ezra brought his other friends, Tyler and Zack. I guess we were talking a lot, because Ezra turned on our favorite station on the radio to quiet us down. We sang a lot to the radio, Tyler and Augie just texted and fooled around on their mobile phones. Ezra parked in a handicap spot in front of a diner.

"We're stopping to eat here," he said stretching. "Won't we get cramps?" My girl, Augie asked concerned. "We still got another three hours on the road. We'll be fine. That's the part I hate about going to the beach. No one in the area where I live has a pool nor the neighborhood has a public one. The only other option is to swim in the lake; which I'm not very comfortable to do.

We we all sat down at a booster seat looking rather silly. We all had bikini's. Desseré had a blue one, Augie had a black one, and I had a white one. And the way we are, we forgot to bring bath robes to cover ourselves in case we went out. In which, we did. Nothing on the menu interested so we headed to the bar on the other side of the diner. It's like a whole new world. Different people, different personalities, different lives. I got about 5 beers, I guess I was feeling the mood to get myself drunk.

After about out two hours, we went back to the road and we're sure to make it around five. During the car ride, I felt anxious. I thought it was because I wanted to go swim, but I caught myself fidgeting. I started to get uncomfortable. My bladder felt full. We had about fifteen minutes left to get to the beach. During those fifteen I crossed my legs and acted normal.

When we arrived, Ezra got out a blanket and put it under a tree. Tyler and Zack helped put out the food and drinks for our small picnic. Honestly, we were all hungry even though we ate a while ago. We all sat, Zack poured in soda into my glass. I nodded and started to remember my bladder. He stared at me expecting me to drink it. "Are you okay, Elle?" He asked me, persuasively. "No, thanks," I blushed. Zack kept looking at me. So he'd stop, I drank the whole cup. Finally he proceeded eating.

My my bladder was getting more full and I sat with my legs crossed on the floor. "Let's swim! Race you!" Augie shouted, just like when they were kids. She got her board. "Oh please, no race," I held my crotch trying to act casual. She shrugged as she went with Desseré, Ezra and Tyler. Zack stayed on his phone. I stood their looking confused and bent my knees every second. Without letting the gang know, I left to find a bathroom. No restroom in sight.

I looked through the trunk of the car to see if I had a spare clothing from our last camping trip. I found a tank top and some short which I put over my bikini. I went out to the street looking for a place to relieve myself. I staggered and held my groin trying to prevent an accident. I entered a gas station and apparently the women's bathroom was out of service- I guess so is my luck.

I left eft and my bladder became more full, it started to give me a sharp-like pain. I walked slowly, hands between my thighs, around the block. A leak escaped, damping my fingers. I gasped and looked at the spot in my pants.

In panic, I walked a little faster looking around for a toilet- if not a place to pee behind bushes. But not luck. Another leak came out. I started to hold my crotch tightly. I walked back to the direction of the beach, leaking on my way. Until I was near the sidewalk, the pain was disappearing. I felt something great. I looked down, and saw the puddle under my feet. I had peed my pants.

I had forgotten I was wearing a bikini. I took the clothes off and threw them in a nearby trash. I was visible with a white bikini on. My underwear was see-through so I put it in my purse and swam- no one suspects a thing!

This is my first post I hope you like it!

*003*2015-09-26 02:35

{{: 

Very nice indeed. Did you end up just peeing in the lake?

}}

A little bit, yes.

{{: 

Very nice :)

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you like it!

*007*2015-09-26 21:41

{{: 

I liked this very much. It has elements that look like there will be more stories just as good.

}}

Thank you!

{{: 

Very good story, really liked it :)

}}

I'm glad you liked it :)

