First Time Wetting The Bed (actually accidental)

Author: Meg

*000*2018-08-17 02:34

This experience is going to be pretty short because there wasn’t a huge build up of desperation before hand seeing as I was sleeping. That being said I hope you all enjoy it anyway. As always every story I’ve posted thus far have been from my real life experience. If I ever end up writing a work of fiction I’ll be sure to add a fiction disclaimer.

While this was a few years ago I was definitely still an adult at the time (probably 20 years old)

___

I’d really like to chalk this up to having an odd or stressful day or even something out of the ordinary happening but I can’t. The day before had gone on like any other day, nothing was out of the ordinary. I had gotten up, had an easy morning, went into work around noon and left at maybe 9pm that evening. When I got home 45 minuets later I didn’t do anything differently. I stripped out of my work clothes, put on some comfy pajamas (a T-shirt and panties), relaxed for a while, had some dinner & water, and got ready for bed around midnight. All of those things add up to an uneventful, boring work day.

What’s not boring, however, are my dreams. My dreams typically consist of something like ‘a flying neon purple tiger is walking on top of buildings made out of violins and I have to save the Pope from evil talking vacuum cleaners who are trying to take over the world.’ Those are the kinds of dreams I have, but I always have them.

When I went to bed that night I turned out all the lights (save for a hallway night light, I don’t like the dark), flicked on my ceiling fan, plugged my phone in, got under my covers, and started to drift off. I soon fell sound asleep and my dreaming began. I only remember parts of my dream but I know I was in a pretty fancy museum or antique shop of sorts and I was talking to someone, perhaps an employee, who I didn’t know at all and she absolutely would not shut up. I really didn’t want to be talking to this person because in my dream I was trying to get to the bathroom and I couldn’t duck out of the conversation politely. 

She was wearing this historical costume gown like Marie Antoinette style and shuffling along after me as I walked around. I was going from display to display and getting more and more annoyed because she kept following me. Finally, I ended up in front of a painting and she ran off to join a parade of other people dressed in historical gowns that all looked extremely beautiful. Briefly I began to feel left out and cursed myself for not dressing up for the museum gown parade.

At this point I had held it so long trying to get away from this dream woman I was absolutely shaking with the need to pee. I looked around desperately and eureka! I spotted a single restroom across the hall and sighed in relief. At the thought of relieving myself my bladder pulsed and twitched and I almost lost control but held my crotch just in time. Getting control of my need wasn’t easy but I straightened up and looked around to make sure the coast was clear. Not a person in sight, perfect.

This was my chance, I was finally alone and I can head to the bathroom. I power walked, almost jogged, down the main hall past beautiful statues, paintings, and fine jewelry on display. I quickly made it to the bathroom and opened the door without bothering to knock first but it ended up being empty anyway. I turned to lock the door behind me with a smile on my face because I knew I had made it just fine. I lifted my skirt, pulled down my panties, and began to pee....ahh so much better..

Shit. My eyes snapped open at the feel of wetness around me and my body automatically stopped the stream. Wait, was that real or was that all in my dream? I sleepily and timidly lifted my blanket to clearly reveal I had absolutely wet the bed. My panties were soaked, my sheets were soaked beneath me, my blanket was damp, the hem of my shirt was a bit damp as well. My heart was pounding from being so abruptly startled out of a dream and I squinted over at my alarm clock, the red letters reading 3:30am, great. 

And I sill had to pee pretty badly because apparently I had emptied only half my bladder. I knew I couldn’t keep my stream stopped for too long so I jumped out of bed to run to the bathroom across the hall. The ceiling fan making me shiver from the wetness around me. I practically kicked open the door and yanked my wet panties down to the floor where they made a damp fabric sound on the ice cold tile. I didn’t even sit down all the way when my body gave out and continued my stream. I audibly sighed, it felt so good. All the built up pressure finally leaving me. It felt like my bladder was empting itself forever but of course it ended up stopping eventually.

“Time to see the damage I did” I thought as I stood back up. I automatically pulled up my underwear without even thinking and by now they were FREEZING. I shivered again at the feeling. I glanced up in front of me at the full length bathroom mirror and pouted at what I saw. Me standing there with hard nipples poking through my shirt from the cold and totally soaked pink lacy cotton panties. I decided to leave them on while I washed my hands and checked on my sheets.

I got back to my bedroom, flipped on the light switch and walked over to my bed. Fuck. The puddle was bigger than I thought it would be and it had spread out considerably. My blanket wasn’t too bad but definitely had gotten wet. I quickly stripped my sheets and walked downstairs. The wetness from my lower half was rubbing me the wrong way, but it felt exhilarating being out in the open totally wet with no way to hide myself. Laundry was started and I jogged back up to my upstairs bathroom with the intention of jumping in the shower but I decided to hold off. 

While this wetting was totally unplanned I still prefer punishments to come after accidents. So I sat in my bathtub with my freezing cold soaked lacy panties and shamefully did kegel exercises for the entire length of my laundry cycle. Thankfully I was alone in the house and I didn’t have to sneak my bed wetting sheets past anyone but I still felt utterly humiliated. I mean, I’m an adult not a little girl who has to wear pull-ups to bed. I should be able to control my bladder, not keep having accidents.

Oh well, at least I get to share this experience with you guys. :-)

*002*2018-08-17 02:58

{{Just now, Manowar said:

Nice written story. You had very interesting dream .

}}

Thankyou Yeah they get pretty wild

*004*2018-08-17 03:10

{{6 minutes ago, Meowth said:

Wow, that was hot. I love the detail in this. The parts about you just making it even after having wet the bed and about how your panties were cold were particularly nice touches.

}}

Thankyou! I’m really glad you like it. They were absolutely freezing

*006*2018-08-17 08:56

{{3 hours ago, largebio said:

Great story, very well written. Thanks for sharing

}}

Thankyou I’m glad you liked it

*008*2018-08-17 18:32

{{1 hour ago, Redd said:

Nothing wrong with wearing pull ups to bed. Just saying.

}}

I’ve...actually been online shopping for them today I’ve had a few unplanned night time endeavors. Hopefully they help

*011*2019-01-29 19:24

{{On 9/2/2018 at 3:50 AM, basss37 said:

Wow this is a great story!

Lots of details.

The dream seems somewhat similar to the dreams that i had when i wet be bed when i was like 15 years old.

I hope for you the wetting stops, its a great feeling to wet the bed but so much to clean up.

How old are you now? How long has this been happening to you?

How does your significant other respond to this?

Sorry for the questions, just curious

}}

I’m 24 now and I’ve only had few run ins with Wetting the bed but the other aren’t very interesting. Mostly just me leaking a little and then rushing to the bathroom straight after. I’ve never wet the bed as a child either.

My SO is totally fine with everything but he would prefer me to wear diapers day and night but they’re a little bulky and hard to move in.

Don’t worry, I’m happy to answer any questions

