Desperate Walk

Author: ItsKayla

*000*2019-05-11 15:33

Hey guys, I’m back with another desperation / wetting adventure! This time it happened in semi-public.

I live with my boyfriend, Scott, who is also into omorashi and loves controlling my bladder:) Recently I caught the flu and I’m drinking extra water to go with my medication, so my bladder would fill faster. That day I finished my medicine at around 2 and was feeling sick, so I drinked a glass of water and went to sleep in a t-shirt and panties. I woke up around 6pm feeling much better, but with a filling bladder. Feeling a little kinky from an absence of omo in this period I decided to ask Scott if I could pee, hoping that he would control my bladder.

‘Hey Scott I gotta pee,’ I said after walking into his room, sitting on his bed, crossing my legs and shifting in my seated position. He asked me how bad was it, which I responded with a 7.5/10. ‘Nope. My desperate princess has to hold it for me today. Put on some long jeans, let’s go out for a walk.’ Hearing this sent a shiver down my spine and the thought of Scott controlling my bladder turned me on slightly. I threw on a pair of long jeans over my now dry panties and went to meet Scott. He told me to drink 2 glasses of water before going out which I happily obliged, being thirsty after sleeping for so long. He then brought me outside and locked the house door.

Description paragraph: I’m 5’2 in height, 95 lbs in weight. Flowing blonde hair that extends just beyond my shoulders. There was a big park next to our apartment with 3 public bathrooms, one at each end and one in the middle. Not far after the park is a small provision shop.

We left the house at around 6.15pm and my need increased to a 8. Scott told me to take a walk with him in the park. We soon passed the first bathroom, but I still had a long way to go before I could pee. Scott had challenges for me to do while we are walking, I had to drink 100ml before starting the next challenge.

6.21pm. Challenge 1: you can only use your legs to hold, but you can’t move your hands. Let it be this way for 10 minutes, after that I’ll tell you your next challenge.’ I needed to pee pretty badly, but this was no big deal yet. I continued the walk, walking slowly in such a way that I was using my legs to squeeze my pee hole. I stopped a few times to cross my legs and squeeze my thighs together when the need spiked from an 8 to 9. Scott seemed to be enjoying my situation, glancing at me with intrigued expressions.

I completed challenge 1 pretty fine, although it seemed easy but there was still a long way to go. I did not know how many challenges are still remaining, but on to challenge 2. Scott gave me a 3L water bottle and told me to drink until he was satisfied, which I took 3 gulps with crossed legs.

6.31pm. Challenge 2: Quite the opposite of the previous one. This time, you can only use your hands to hold but your legs need to walk as per normal without being too suggestive. This challenge lasts 10 minutes too. I thought it would be as easy as the previous one, but I was wrong. My relief lasted for 10 seconds, after realising that merely grabbing my crotch was insufficient in holding back my pee. My need increased to a firm 9. As it was getting dark and nobody was around I had the privacy to really bury my hands deep, pressing my pee hole and rubbing it through my jeans to try and relieve the pressure. Scott gave my bladder a poke after about 5 minutes. It immediately contracted and my need increased to a 10 before dying down to a 9. I was on the verge of leaking with the absence of crossing my legs. I clamped my pee hole even harder and clenched my muscles in my pee hole and somehow avoided the leak.

We passed by the river in the center of the park. The sight of water made my bladder contract yet again, Scott poked me another time and my need shot up to a 10. The first leak came. Pee dribbled out of my pee hole but I immediately grabbed it and clamped it shut. My panties were damp and warm, but my jeans had no sign of damage. My crotch grabs continued for the remaining minutes.

The 10 minutes that felt much longer finally passed and I started doing the pee pee dance for about 10 seconds to get the urge back under control, drank until Scott told me to stop and waited for the next challenge.

6.41pm. Challenge 3. Quite the view in front of us, eh? A lake and a bathroom. You are supposed to find a bench facing them and not let your butt leave it for 5 minutes. At that point of time I really had to pee, but there was no bench around in sight to start the challenge! I immediately resumed my desperate walk ahead in search of a bench while trying hard to ignore the pools of water and relief which were so near, stopping in my tracks to squeeze my thighs tightly together.

After 3 minutes of frantic searching I found a bench. The relief of being one step closer to actual relief caused my pussy lips to open again, sending another dribble into my panties. I sat down and gazed longingly at the bathroom that looked so close yet so far. It was certainly mental torture. As it was already dark I could do anything to hold it without strangers seeing my obvious need for the restroom. Crossing my legs together I noticed the dampness between my legs have grown bigger, although there was still no sign from the outside.

If anybody looked at me while I was in that state they would have thought I had gone crazy. I was literally crossing my legs back and forth, squeezing my already damp crotch in all efforts to hold it in. Despite my best efforts the urge was too much, the mental torture too harsh and I leaked about 4 times, each time losing drops into my panties. I thought the fabric in my crotch was at a darker shade of blue, but I was unable to tell due to the darkness around us. The timer finally hit 0 and I completed the challenge just not in the best state. Scott gave me more water to drink, which is really not helping my bladder predicament.

6.50pm: Challenge 4. Something more interesting. Walk to the provision shop at the end of the park with me, get yourself a drink and get me some ice. This certainly tests your holding skills in front of strangers. Once I heard that I knew I couldn’t leak more, or else my wet spot would be obvious and the everyone would know I had a partial accident in my jeans. That was difficult, given that I was at a 10/10 on the desperation scale and doing all I could but still losing more and more. The walk to the provision shop from our current position took 5 minutes in normal circumstances, but I had to stop frequently to hold myself, so I took a full 13 minutes, losing lots of spurts along the way before finally arriving. With the help of the lights Scott and I assessed the damage done, and realised the part between my legs were totally wet, but it was very difficult to tell my wet spot when you looked from the front.

After a much needed pee dance outside the shop I took a deep breath and went in, trying to squirm as discreetly as possible to avoid the cashier being suspicious. Standing in front of the drinks selection I had to cross my legs and shift my legs around. I took a random drink and went to the ice section to get it for Scott, unsure of why. As the view from the cashier’s position is blocked I squirmed hard, crossed legs and crotch grabs. 

My bladder contracted again causing me to lose another spurt. I was about to lose control so I quickly paid for the items, secretly grabbing myself from under the counter and went out and met Scott, who seemed to be enjoying my desperation. I dumped the items into Scott’s arm and did a full-on pee dance and losing another big spurt. The giant wet spot was showing in front as well, and extended to my right thigh from behind. As I knew I was about to lose control I begged Scott for relief or at least partial relief. Seeing my state he obliged in the next challenge:

7.08pm: Challenge 5. You asked for relief? Walk to the nearest bathroom, finish half of the drink you bought, and you may pee for 3 seconds. After that try to stop the stream, as you need to pull up your jeans no matter what. My bladder was getting tired and that’s why I was literally losing all control. There was a bathroom about 50m aside which I made a beeline for. I went into a cubicle not even bothering to lock it and started pacing on the spot while I unbuttoned my jeans. Finally I zipped them down and thankfully they aren’t stuck. I plonked down on the toilet and let go of all control, enjoying the relief that came, the splashing of pee down the toilet seat.

FOR ONLY 3 SECONDS. Clenching my muscles back together at full force, the flow of pee slowed, but did not stop. I did as what Scott said and pulled up my panties, immediately getting soaked and then my jeans. The wet spot was spreading and I had to stop it before my whole jeans were soaked. Clenching my pee muscles even harder while grabbing myself the stream finally slowed to a stop. My bladder was begging for relief, to pee for just a while more, but I commanded it to stop. The urge decreased slightly but the downside was my bladder was a lot more tired than a few minutes ago. I met Scott who admired my glistening jeans that had a wet spot till my knees, and put the pack of ice on my bladder.

It was then I realised why he wanted that ice pack, but it was too late for me to protest. I could only feel the cold sensation on my stomach, the feeling of my bladder was completely gone. Next thing I knew: A warm sensation was spreading through my crotch, rapidly streaming down my legs and pooling beside my feet. I was peeing myself in public. I tried to stop it but my tired bladder was past its limits, she enjoyed the eventual relief. I stood there waiting for my bladder to drain, while Scott was beaming on my full blown wetting. The back of my jeans were completely ruined.

After the wetting and intense relief I walked back to our apartment in wet jeans with Scott. I took them off and took a shower, and continued with our evenings.

So that’s it! Hope you enjoyed it. It had been a massive turn on for me, I should really do challenges like these in future. Also a big shoutout to my boyfriend Scott!

Kayla

