My personal experiences

Author: Sbones

*000*2021-11-19 13:52

I'd like to share my personal experiences with you.

#1 A close call.

It was the end of the winter. Streets were covered with snow and the weather was breezy. Me and my friends we're having a drink in one of the yards in the center of the city. Our city has many big yards between the buildings.

I was 18-19 years old at that moment. Drinking cognac or whiskey in the street was a regular thing for our company back in the day. Peeing outside wasn't a problem for everyone, everyone but me.

I'm not saying I've never did it outside. But sometimes I got really pee shy and couldn't release the stream if the place wasn't discreet enough for me.

Unfortunately our yard was that kind of place. Eventually I felt a rising need to pee. It was like 6/10. Ignoring it seemed like a good idea for the first time.

I watched my friends going to the corner to relief with envy. Why couldn't it be simple for me as well? My body demanded a solution with this problem. I decided to take a shot. Well I unzipped my pants pulled my boy out and... nothing happened. It felt like a barrier, a dam and I couldn't get through. Trying to relax or push it didn't help at all. I stood there for a minute and half and returned back frustrated.

After an half an hour it got worse. I couldn't concentrate on anything but my desperate state. So I repeated the same act again and again gained no result. That was embarrassing and stupid. I said goodbye and left my friends.

Meanwhile I found myself in a difficult position. My bladder was bursting but I couldn't pee in the yard let alone in the middle of the street. I prayed that I could make it to the nearest McDonald's which was about 15 minutes away.

Then THAT happened. A wave of trembling cold shocked through my body. I realized I'm about to wet myself for real. I desperately searched for a place to pee and noticed a waste bin in the nearest yard's gateway. The place wasn't discreet at all but I didn't care. I made a dash to it unzipping my pants on the run and managed to pull my dick out exactly the same moment as the pee gushed out of me. The relief was ecstatic, I peed about a minute.

*002*2021-11-20 22:14

{{31 minutes ago, Wetsy said:

I would've just peed my pants

}}

It wasn't an option. The weather was cold and I couldn't come back home in my wet pants.

*003*2021-11-20 22:30

Similar case happened during my first university year. We had something like a rite of passage, got a party bus with lots of drinks. And of course we had some stops during our way to the club.

During first stop I didn't have to go at all, just a couple of girls took their time for some privacy. But as it often happens, desperation grows rapidly.

So, the next stop occurred. Many guys and girls got out to smoke and pee. We splitted in groups but there wasn't any cover at all. Guys didn't bother, ladies covered each over in turns. As for me, I've struggled trying to pee, but had no luck. That annoying shyness got the best of me. I couldn't do it knowing that even girls from our group could see me.

When we continued our journey I was bursting. I couldn't ask for a stop, having no believe in my success and nobody else in need. My bladder was bursting, my mind was trying to find a distraction and I was praying for an end of this trip.

Upon arrival I got lucky as some guys decided to pee outside and spared me from making an excuse to do it. Barely holding I followed them between the dumpster and finally managed to pee.

This shyness often played tricks on me, but on the verge of wetting it always turned off.

*005*2021-11-21 05:27

{{4 hours ago, notthewees said:

I hate that it's a real condition that inconveniences you, but I loved reading about it. I hope that doesn't make me too bad of a person.

}}

No problem. Actually nowadays I'm not that pee shy as I used to be.

