Accidents in Snow Pants

Author: Icequeentrex

*000*2021-04-11 04:06

Hello! I am so happy my last post got such a positive response I want to share more of my wetting experiences with you. This story is the moment I first realized I got some enjoyment from wetting, and I think it was the experience which led me to find this community.

This story happened when I was 13, but I do recall I wet myself past the usual age that most kids had those kinds of incidents. The memory that stands out to me is when I tried to hold it during recess in fourth grade. Even though I knew I had to pee from the beginning of the break I thought I could hold it until class started again. Of course, I was wrong, and I ended up peeing my jeans while we lined up to file back into the school at the end of recess. This was one of the several times I overestimated my own bladder and I think it was a major contributor to the embarrassment and excitement I felt the day me and my friend wet ourselves when we went out sliding.

My friend Allie and I set out from her house to walk to a playground about 15 minutes away where there was a long and steep hill perfect for sledding in the winters. I remember we were both wearing jeans under our snow pants, which were black and had straps that went over the shoulders like overalls. The walk there was pretty uneventful, but it took slightly longer than it usually would have taken due to the snow and the sleds that we dragged along with us. I didn't mind the journey, but I was obviously much more excited about getting to the hill than I was about the walk.

The only problem with the distance was that it made bathroom breaks pretty inconvenient. I remember being jealous of boys who could just walk to the edge of the fence and pee without much trouble. The rest of us had to choose between holding it until we got home or walking into the nearby trees a little ways to try and find a spot that was private enough to go. Usually that wasn't too hard since the trees got pretty dense pretty quickly, but on this particular day a group of older teens who I didn't know were hanging out in a small clearing having a fire. We did not realize how much of a problem they would cause at first so Allie and I immediately climbed to the top of the hill to begin our first run down.

We were probably sliding for about half an hour when I realized I would need to pee soon. I told Allie and she agreed that it would be best if we had a quick break to go pee. However, when we walked into the trees we realized the group of older people were still hanging around. Even though they probably couldn't see us I didn't feel comfortable going when someone could potentially walk in on us easily. Allie pointed out that their fire was out so they would probably leave soon, so we decided to have a few more runs down the hill and come back. Big mistake.

My need to pee increased pretty quickly and by my third or forth time down the hill I occasionally felt the need to grab myself through my snow pants. Allie was doing alright as far as I could tell and I didn't want to force her to follow me away from the hill again when I thought I could hold it for a while. It was only a short walk into the trees anyways so I wasn't as worried as I should have been. I started to realize how desperate I was becoming when my sled hit a bump as I went down the hill and I felt a jolt in my bladder that made me squeeze my legs together and almost tip over my sled. While I waited for Allie to come down behind me I couldn't help my hand moving between my legs momentarily but I did my best to not make it obvious to everyone else on the hill that I had to pee soon.

I told Allie I had to pee pretty badly now, and she admitted that she was starting to get desperate as well so we picked up our sleds and headed towards the trees. But of course the older teens were still hanging around. At that moment I knew we would have to go somewhere more isolated because I could not hold on much longer. Allie was fine with going home then so we started to make our way back towards her house, taking the path that we used to get there. Every step I took increased my need to go little by little and I seriously began to question whether I would be able to make it back. About halfway there I had to stop and thrust my hand between my legs when I felt a strong urge wash over me. I think I leaked a little then, but it was hard to tell in my snow pants. What I did know was that I needed to pee NOW.

The part of the path we were on was completely undeveloped at the time so plenty of trees were scattered along the sides of the path but they were mostly too sparse to provide decent cover. At this point I was desperate and thought that the risk was necessary. Allie thought she would be able to make it back to her house so she said she would stand guard for me while I peed. As I walked off the path the deeper snow made it difficult to walk without taking big steps and each one made me feel like I would wet myself right then and there. The best spot I could find was a cluster of 3 trees that slightly obscured me on all sides. I wasn't too happy about it but another jolt from my bladder meant I didn't have much choice.

I took another look around as I stood by the trees. I could see Allie standing just off the path and she gave me a thumbs up to assure me no one was around. Off in the distance I heard a skidoo as I unzipped my coat and began to undo the straps of my snow pants. I had to put my hands between my legs again after I undid the straps before going for my zipper, and at that point I could not stop myself from dancing around as relief was so close. I finally got my snow pants down and began to undo my jeans when I noticed the sound of the skidoo had gotten much louder. I froze and glanced behind me where I saw the skidoo through the trees and it was coming right towards me.

As soon as my focus left my need to pee my bladder gave up completely and I felt instantly felt warmth spreading between my legs. I could not stop myself from peeing as the skidoo drove past, obviously unconcerned with the girl who was much too old to be wetting herself peeing nearby. I jammed my hands between my legs but that did nothing to stop the flow and after a moment I just gave up. My jeans were already dark well past my knees so even if I managed to stop myself from peeing it was too late. I must have peed for close to a minute, the whole time I didn't know what to do and I just stood there crying.

Allie must have noticed because she ran over to me with a shocked look on her face. She did her best to comfort me but I was as far gone as my pants were at that point and I just wanted to get home as soon as possible. Allie clearly felt the same way as I noticed her holding herself as I did up my snowpants and coat. The walk back felt like an eternity as the entire time I could feel my pants cooling down and the wetness in my boots from the pee that had leaked down there. To make matters worse there was a noticeable wet spot on my snow pants as well which was darker black between the legs than anywhere else. The entire walk I could not take my mind off how soaked I was and I dreaded having to tell Allie's mom and my parents what had happened.

When we got back to Allie's house I started to notice how desperate she had grown over the course of the walk. I didn't know why I was so interested in her at the time, but anything to take my mind off my own wet pants was a welcome thought. I began hoping that she would have an accident too, both because it would be less embarrassing if she shared my predicament, but also because seeing Allie constantly shifting her feet and holding herself made me want to see her lose control so badly even though I did not understand why at the time. I was briefly able to forget about my wetness as we walked inside and Allie began to frantically strip off her snow gear.

I was in no hurry to take off my snow pants and make it abundantly clear to Allie's mom that I had wet myself so I just stood in the porch and watched Allie struggle to undress herself. She could barely keep her feet still long enough to get her boots off and she hopped on one leg each time she tried to kick her boot off the other foot. She got her second boot off with a kick that sent it flying across the room. Allie stumbled after that and had to stop for a moment for her hand to dart between her legs while she twisted her legs.

I asked Allie if she was okay, which was an incredibly silly question in retrospect, and she only answered "no," obviously too focused on not peeing to really be thinking straight. Her feet constantly moved as she worked at undoing the straps of her snow pants, and the stationary jog she was doing seemed to increase in desperation every second. Finally she got her snow pants down to her knees and as she bent over I could already see a wet spot on the crotch of her pants. Its hard to describe the excitement I felt at that sight and I'm sure I must have been staring.

Allie sat on the bench to haul her snow pants off, using one hand to get her legs out of the pants while the other hand remained firmly between her already wet legs. When she finally got her pants off she seemed to sit there for a minute in contemplation before standing up and making a dash towards the bathroom. However, she only made it two or three steps before she stopped again. Allie buried her hands between her legs as she danced frantically in a circle. The speed of her steps got faster and faster until she suddenly stopped, standing on the tips of her toes, and she looked over to me with a look of pure horror.

At that same moment Allie's pants grew dark between her legs. The wetness quickly spread down past her knees and within a couple seconds I could see a stream trickling onto the ground from her ankle. For a moment she continued to hold herself and bounce around, doing her best to regain control. But try as she might she was fully wetting herself and even if she managed to stop she had already gotten soaked. I remember watching the wetness spread from between her legs around her butt then starting to darken the legs of her pants. The sight of the dark stain on her butt is still burned into my memory to this day. She must have peed as long as I did and she whole time I could tell she was doing her best not to cry. I remember we both just stood there looking at each other as she peed, neither of us knowing what to do.

When I never said anything Allie seemed somewhat relieved as she was probably worried that I would make fun of her, even though I was still wearing my very obviously wet jeans. I was relieved Allie had not seen me wet myself up close like I had just seen her do, but I was still extremely embarrassed. There was a small puddle where Allie was standing while I could still felt the dampness of my boots that I had peed in 10 minutes ago.

Allie's mom came out to the porch when she heard us come in, just in time to see the last of Allie's accident. She noticed my situation pretty quickly as well, and told me she would give me a ride home after Allie got changed. Not much was said on the dive back, but Allie's mom did assure the two of us that peeing in our pants was nothing to be ashamed of as long as we learned to be more careful next time.

While her words helped I still remember that day being one of the most embarrassing of my life as I was so afraid someone would see me walking down the road in wet snowpants, not to mention having to be seen by my and Allie's parents, but I think that ultimately contributed to me looking back on it fondly these days. It was something Allie and I would joke about years later anytime a bathroom was difficult to come by. I also look back fondly on the feeling of walking around in wet clothes; although it was terribly embarrassing at the time I do get excited by the feeling of wearing wet underwear around other people.

I hope you all enjoyed reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it! I have several other experiences that I would like to share in the future, and hopefully I will have many experiences in the future that I would like to share! I would also love to hear what you guys think, and any similar experiences you've had! See you soon!

