My first accident

Author: xCookie

*000*2015-02-06 01:24

I woke up this morning to the blaring sound of my alarm. I slowly became aware of my surroundings- why was there so much sunlight in my room? It should be 6:30, I thought to myself. Of course, just to my luck, I had mistakenly set the alarm to 8:30!! My Physics class started in 30 minutes, and I had a huge test!

So I hopped in the shower, not even thinking to stop and pee. I didn't even have time to think! After stepping out of the shower, I hastily threw on some clothes, and bolted out the door. My class was way across campus, but luckily, I'm not too shabby of a runner, being on the tennis team and all.

I made it to my desk with only a few minutes to spare, and the teacher handed out the tests. About halfway through, my bladder reminded me that I forgot to take care of it this morning, and that it needed to be emptied soon.

"shit!" I thought to myself. I had been up late last night studying for this test, and I had downed several cans of Monster energy. One of my favorite quotes is "I don't get tired." I drink Monster for the taste, lol.

Well, I tried to ignore my increasingly urgent signals coming from my bladder, and focus on my test. The pain wasn't all that bad-yet. As we handed in our tests and started to leave, the real desperation struck me like a ton of bricks. So off I dashed again back towards the apartments, but was stopped by my friend.

"Hey, where are you headed off to in such a hurry?" he asked, obviously unaware of the deteriorating situation in my trousers. The urgency was hitting me in waves now, each one worse than the last. As we casually chatted, I felt my bladder contract hard, and a small jet of pee shot out into my boxers, leaving them fairly wet. Luckily, it didn't show on my pants.

After planning to meet up later for lunch, I started back towards my apartment, with a renewed sense of urgency. Stupidly, I tried to run, and another jet of pee leaked into my pants, this time leaving a small, penny-sized circle right underneath my pants zipper. So much for running back, I was now walking briskly, while holding myself with both hands. Luckily, there weren't any people around to see me like this. I still had several blocks to go before I reached salvation, and my bladder was telling me it needed emptying RIGHT NOW.

Another small spurt of pee escaped into my trousers, widening the wet patch to about the size of a quarter. Every step was agonizingly painful, it hurt so bad! 1 block away from my apartment, the light changed, and now I had to wait for traffic to pass. I tried to look casual, as if nothing was wrong, taking my hands away from my crotch while doing so. Without the added pressure of my hands on my bladder, I started leaking into my pants. I pressed my thighs together and bounced up and down, trying to stem the flow. After several seconds, I was able to regain control, at least temporarily. The wet patch on my pants was almost 3 times bigger, and my bladder's urgency felt like it had doubled.

Finally, the light changed, and I made a mad dash for my apartment, squirting a little bit of pee into my pants with every step I took. I grabbed my keys out of my pocket and opened the door to my building. I then realized that I still had a flight of stairs to climb. My bladder lurched, and another forceful jet of pee made it into my pants. By now, I had a very noticeable wet patch on the front of my pants, heading down towards my right leg.

With a rush of adrenaline, I miraculously made it up the stairs, and to my door. The pain became almost unbearable, and my body pushed hard, and another forceful jet of pee escaped from me. I fumbled around with the lock, and finally managed to open it. I darted inside and shut the door, and then it happened. My poor bladder just couldn't take it anymore, and I felt it contract hard. A forceful stream of pee rushed out into my pants, while I ran towards the bathroom.

Right as I got to the bathroom door, I lost all control and the pee came rushing out like a waterfall. My body was involuntarily pushing the pee out, and I felt a little fart escape. Then another one, louder than the last. Then the cramps hit. I almost doubled over from the pain, and my body pushed even harder. By this time, my stream was tapering off, but another problem was making itself known. Another, loud, wet fart escaped, and then another horrible cramp. I was powerless to prevent what happened next, as I felt my botty hole relax, and a semi-hard poop start to make its way into my pants.

I gave up on trying to fight it, and squatted down as I finished pooping myself. The poop spread all around my bum, and up my front, even. I then crawled, defeated, into the bathroom to observer the damage. My pants were completely soaked, and soiled as well. I just took them off and stepped into the shower to clean up. Afterwards, I just threw my clothes in the trash, since they were beyond saving. At least it was an old pair of pants that didn't even fit me that well.

Since that incident, I always wear a goodnite when going out, just in case another disaster like this occurs again. I just hope I don't poop myself again...

*002*2015-02-06 03:18

Oh yeah, I love wearing diapers, and I'm not actually incontinent, but I do tend to have a somewhat weak bladder. I had to wear nappies to bed until I was almost 10. In this case, I had a lot to drink the previous night, and coffee in the morning which I didn't mention, and overall stress. I don't usually have accidents in public, they are mostly intentional private ones. Although, I do have a few more rather embarrassing stories to share, but that's for another day....

I do enjoy wearing diapers. A lot. But I just tend to have a weak bladder, and I don't want to take any risks. And I find it rather arousing to be wearing a pullup in public, when I don't really need one. But I did have to wear nappies to bed almost until high school. So that helped contribute to this incident. And the coffee I forgot to mention probably didn't help things too much....

