Not so worried... but I still have a story

Author: Markthekingof2

*000*2020-11-05 20:36

All right so i kind of shift between my current bladder situation, and my problems from a few years back. On a bit of good news (I suppose lol) today was the first day in three days that I woke up dry. I usually only wet once or twice a month these days but its been a lot more this past week. Bu the way if anyone wants personal updates on my bladder journey (lol) you can message me. It's cool if you're into it (I'm not offended lol), and it's even better if you just want to vent and share your experiences. I'm mostly attracted to females, but I am totally cool talking to both about this. It helps me, and if you're in the same boat, it helps you. Anyway I digress so here's a story from a few years back. Keep in mind most if not all of the dialogue is paraphrased but accurate as far as content. I'm going to do something a little different this time, I'm going to write it in story form instead of just experiential form. Here goes:

I woke up as I usually did; wearing a wet diaper, relieved my bed isn't wet but embarrassed that I needed them. I heard Kelsey coming down the stairs, and I pulled my blanket over my exposed wet diaper to hide my bare, pantsless legs. She knocked on my door.

"How are you, hun?"

"Ummm...I'm good."

"Do you need to be changed?" She said said jokingly. She said it was the one thing she wouldn't do for me.

"Not by you, weirdo." I joked back.

She laughed and opened my door. "Seriously, how are you." She sat on the foot of my bed.

I shook my head sheepishly, indicating I was wet. She wanted to get updated because little did I know at the time, she was reporting to my parents. They were concerned for my health and apparently the three talked a lot. I didn't know this at the time, so my mentally ill brain misinterpreted it as her being into omo and diapers, which I'm pretty sure she's not.

Anyway she said. "Dont be embarrassed . It happens to people sometimes." She kind of trailed off for minute noticing my remaining embarrassment. "Wanna hear something? After I had my work accident a few years back, I started wetting the bed. Like a lot."

"Does it still happen?"

"Not really a lot, but...I do kinda wake up to find i leaked heavily once in awhile."

I felt immediately better, and I think she could tell. So this is when she started sharing with me. A lot. Talking about bladder issues sort of became our thing lol.

