Making it Home ... then waiting untill I had an Accident (with Picture)

Author: Lils

*000*2019-04-23 17:49

I've recently started work on my first job. In order to get to my office (or back to my home), I have to travel about 2 hours by public transport. I usually use the bathroom before leaving the office, to avoid unwanted desperation on the way. However, today I didn't (on purpose). I had two cups of coffee and two cups of tea at lunch, together with half a litre of water. I took my last bathroom break at 14:30, and left the office at 16:45 (having started early today). When leaving the office, I filled up my bottle of water again, already feeling a slight need to pee.

A short walk and a bus ride later (bumpy, but nothing too bad) I quickly hurried to my train. My train left the station at 17:15, and by that time I was finishing up the first half of my water bottle. Halfway the ride I still felt fine, with only a slight need to use the restroom, so I drank the rest of my water bottle. I had to change trains about 30 minutes later, and by this time I was starting to feel desperate to go to the bathroom - normally I would have disrupted my commute, searched for a bathroom and resumed my journey after peeing - but not today of course. Instead, I bought a bottle of Ice Tea Green, and drank it on my next train (a ride of 30 minutes).

In case you want to picture this in your head, it might be nice to know what I'm wearing at this point in the story. I'm wearing a light pink blouse, with a dark grey woollen skirt and nude pantyhose. Underneath that, I'm wearing a black body, bra and panties (very boring, all the same colour). I'm wearing white suede shoes which (and I want to stress this) I do not want to get wet or dirty because they are a nightmare to clean! I'm accompanied by my grey and black backpack, which houses empty lunchboxes, and my office supplies and laptop/charger.

Once I got off the second train (it was almost 19:00 by this time), I started cycling home. I took a quick detour past the grocery store, to buy some things I had forgotten yesterday. When I entered the grocery store, I noticed my desperation getting really worse, as if the water and Iced Tea I had consumed on the way were storming my bladder all of a sudden. I pressed my legs together while looking at the display, but I stayed strong. I jumped back on my bike, and made it home. During the bike ride I was feeling the "waves" of desperation hit my bladder, but the position and angle on my bike made it easier to hold it in. When I stood still, waiting for other traffic, was when it really became difficult.

At about 19:10 I made it home. I had a sudden wave of desperation hit me as I was stepping into the house (the famous 'key in the lock'-effect? or whatever it is cold), and I had to press my legs together to hold it. I quickly took off my shoes, and put my dinner in the microwave. I eyed the toilet, but decided to hold on longer (because: why not?). While my dinner was warming up, I put away my groceries, dancing between the different kitchen cupboards in desperation. I ate my food while standing in the kitchen, sometimes physically holding myself to help with the desperation. While eating dinner, I drank another bottle of water, but slowly since the desperation seemed to increase with every sip of (fridge) cold water I was drinking - I blame some kind of mental effect.

It's about 20 minutes since finishing my dinner, and I still haven't used the restroom yet. Instead, I'm sitting behind my desk in my home office, wiggling in my office chair in an attempt to make it easier to be desperate and type at the same time, with yet another full bottle of water next to me. I made it home, but let's see how the night is going to end...

*002*2019-04-23 18:47

I drank the other bottle of water that was left on my desk, slowly draining it without thinking too much about it. Shortly after that (about 15 minutes after finishing this post), I lost the ability to stand still. I was dancing around my room, not being able to hold myself because of the pencil skirt I was wearing and not being willing to lift the skirt because I wanted to remain fully dressed. I was pressing my legs together constantly, but I was slowly losing control.

The first spurt was small, I clenched my legs together but fell the pee move through me and I couldn't stop it. My panties grew wet and warm, and I felt it move over my tights. I regained control quickly but could feel the lingering warmth and wetness in my crotch. I kept close to my computer, torturing myself with videos of people wetting themselves on Tumblr. I quickly lost another spurt, a bigger one this time and it was harder to stop.

After a few more minutes of browsing this forum and responding to some topics, I was constantly clenching my legs together in an effort to hold it. I lost another spurt. And another. And then I started losing some more and it dripped on the floor. *drip, drip* It was the sound of my pee hitting the floor that seemed to undo something in my, no matter how hard I tried, I could not hold it any longer. The pee streamed down my legs, forming trails on my pantyhose and dripping directly onto the floor beneath me. I gave up and fully let go, to relaxed to move from behind my desk. A huge puddle grew underneath me, as I saw the pee stream down my legs and I felt fully relaxed.

$$

(This is actually the first photo I'm ever sharing and I was quite nervous about taking it and uploading it, I hope you like it.)

My puddle actually grew so large, that it ran underneath my desk and underneath my bookcase. This was a problem, and after I finished peeing I quickly started panicking to clean it up. How was I supposed to clean UNDER a full bookcase? I took off my pantyhose but left the panties and the skirt on (the skirt had gotten a bit of wetness on the bottom on both the front and the back, but it wasn't that obvious) and dried my feet. It took me two towels to clean most of the mess, and I'm spraying all-purpose cleaner everywhere in hope that there won't be a lingering smell in my home office. I've moved the bookcase a bit and managed to put a towel under it in an effort to dry the bottom without completely having to empty the bookcase - I hope it works.

Anyway, I hope you've enjoyed this evening of me as much as I have enjoyed holding and losing it, and much more than I am enjoying clean up right now! I would love to hear what you're thinking or if you have suggestions for a next evening.

With all the water I've been consuming I'm starting to need to pee again - I guess this time I'll just use the toilet on time in order to avoid this nightmarish clean-up.

*005*2019-04-23 19:04

{{11 minutes ago, hubertheiser said:

Just remember: Nobody expects or even forces you to pull your panties and pantyhose down when sitting on the toilet

}}

And that was exactly what I did - just about 8 minutes ago I peed full force through my panties while sitting on the toilet before jumping into the shower fully clothed.

