Summer Sneezes

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2017-06-15 06:41

Summer Sneezes

We have had some beautiful hot days here in Vancouver, but this has also meant that the air has been full of fuzzy pollen. Now I’m not one to get bad allergies, but for some reason this summer, there is a certain pollen in the air that apparently makes me sneeze really badly. This is something I didn’t know until this afternoon at work (actually a rather involved volunteer position), when I was sitting in a chair in the office, having some lunch with my colleagues, when I had a rather significant sneezing attack.

For someone with stress incontinence, sneezing often causes me to release little spurts of urine, usually this is a small spurt, enough to wet my panties (I’ve posted pictures of these kinds of accidents I’ve had elsewhere). As a result, if I have a flu or know that I’m likely to be doing a lot of sneezing (pepper smelling competitions, dusting ;), I’ll wear a pad and this usually takes care of things. I also leak a little when I’m going impact-related training, and as a result I’ll wear protection when I’m jogging (hills, stairs or just jogging in general, as there are a tonne of hills around where I live). For working out, a pad sometimes isn’t enough, and I always take the precaution of also wearing black jogging shorts which make wetness almost imperceptible.

Yesterday, Tuesday, was not one of these days when I knew I was prone to leaking and so I was not wearing any protection while sitting around the lunch table with my colleagues and friends (about 8 of them, and a pretty diverse group as well). This was also no ordinary sneeze. You know how you might sneeze once, or even a couple of times and then stop? Or how you might have a little sneeze or two and that’s all?

This was not what happened yesterday.

Instead, I got that tingling feeling that I might sneeze, very quickly. I scarcely had a chance to cross my legs, a precaution that sometimes cuts down on leaks. Instead it was just pre-sneeze feeling, and then boom! One huge sneeze that rocked my body, followed by 5 or 6 additional sneezes in quick succession. I could feel the pressure from the sneezes hammering my PC muscles and large squirts of pee blasting out as each sneeze rocked my body.

While my body was being taken over by a strange nostril-focuses evil demon, I concentrated as best I could on a) not spraying people around me or their food, and b) crossing my legs and bearing down to keep my panties as dry as possible.

I got the usual round of comments from my table-mates as my fit subsided, and I tried to brush it off as though nothing had happened and avoid blushing too much. I’m not the most outgoing person (although this new position had helped with this) and being the centre of attention as a result of my horrendously ostentatious sneezing fit was quite enough to make me blush a little. My cheeks were further darkened by the knowledge that I had also soaked my underwear.

Now the gusset of your ordinary pair of cotton panties (my preferred undies by the way) is reinforced and will usually hold a decent sized sneezing-induced spurt. They will be wet and clammy, but the pee won’t go through to your clothing and be visible. Believe me, I have tested this theory out more than enough in my day. A pair of panties can also even absorb two small spurts, depending on how big. What you are wearing over top of those panties will determine whether the accident is visible (think thick jeans versus light white trousers).

The panties I was wearing, polka dot day of the week panties (Tuesday of course), are an older (stained) pair, and not suited to absorbing anything more than a single spurt. My sneezing fit had forced more than 5 serious spurts out of my bladder. I could feel that my underwear were soaked and that the wetness had gone through to me skirt, and possibly beyond.

Because I was surrounded by my colleagues, around the jovial lunch table, I was in no position to evaluate the damage. But I felt wet. Instead, I moved my chair a little closer to the table, and carried on the lunch discussion with my best attempt at looking as though nothing had happened. Fortunately, my colleagues, if they suspected anything, didn’t let on, and I don’t think they did. Having leaked like this all my life, I like to think I’ve grown decently competent at giving my accidents away (at least on my face, sometimes there’s no hiding wet spots on clothes).

I was in a bit of a predicament. I could feel the warm wetness of my panties slowly turning cool as we sat there and continued to chat. I could also feel wetness around my bum, which was not a good sign, and indicated to me that I had wet more than my panties. Of all the times to have had an accident, this was not the worse, I could have been wearing tight-light jeans or slacks, or something else which would have made it immediately apparent that I had wet myself. It could have been better too. 

I could not have wet myself to begin with, or I could have been wearing dark tights under a skirt. Instead, I was wearing a flaired black skirt (slightly shorter than my knees) made out of a synthetic fabric (so not all that absorbent), and nothing more. The kind of skirt that would almost certainly show a large(?) wet spot on my bum when I got up. Also unfortunately for me, while the skirt is not tight, it is long enough that I was sitting on it on the chair. Also who wants to nothing but a thin pair of cotton panties between their girl parts and a filthy office chair?

So my skirt was definitely wet, the question was, just how wet.

I did some quick thinking, and implemented my usual course of action in these situations. I carried on the conversation, and as all my colleagues slowly wrapped up and get up from the table, I lingered. When there were only a couple left, I made an excuse and began checking my phone. I slowly scrolled through emails while I waited for the last two people go finish and leave the room. I was not confident enough to stand up and try to work my way out of the room without revealing my likely wet bum to the room or pull off the kind of concealing operation I had in mind with people in the room.

So once I had the room to myself I waited a few seconds in case anyone came back my heart pounding, and then I sprang into action. I stood up only slightly and ran my hand over my bum, sure enough, I could feel a wet spot. Still half-standing at the table, I carefully rotated my skirt, so that the wet spot was on my hip and not on my bum. I then pushed the chair away from the table and stood up fully.

I was mortified, not only had I wet my panties and skirt, but I had also managed to wet the chair. It wasn’t as large a wet spot as I had dreaded, but I had still wet the chair, like little droplets (see the picture). I felt myself blush a little, and quickly snapped a picture on my phone (because I wanted it to help me recall the butterfly feeling of embarrassment that was not washing over my body). I touched the chair, and it felt only a little wet - the kind of wet spot that dries quickly, so I pushed the chair in all the way and just let the warm air of the office do the rest. I then gathered up my lunch bag, purse, and cup of tea, and holding my purse on my right hip (the side with the wet spot), I sauntered out of the lunch room.

$$

Operation ‘wetting accident cover-up’ was not done yet however. I worked my way back to my desk and deposited my lunch bag and tea cup, avoiding colleagues on the way over. While I was moving, I could feel the cold clamminess of my wet panties against my inner thighs. I then hurried to the washroom.

The washrooms are single rooms that lock, so I had a room all alone, in which to compose myself and do something about my wet things. Without removing my shoes, I slipped off my underwear to inspect the damage. They were very wet. I dried them with a bit with some paper towel as best I could, and let them sit in some paper towel while I dried myself off.

I inspected my skirt. The wet spot was not as bad as I had though, about the size of a soft ball, and I padded this with paper towel as well, rotating the skirt again so that the wet spot was in the front for ease of drying. I did all these things as quickly as I could, aware that I was already the last one to leave lunch, and didn’t want people to think I was taking a ridiculously long lunch break.

I then rummaged around in my purse for my emergency back-up panties (yes I still carry these) in their little plastic baggie. I slipped them on, after one more careful wipe, and slipped my wet pair into the bag. I buried this evidence deep into my panties. Because I could not trust myself not to sneeze any more, I also stuck a decently absorbent pad into my panties, another artifact which lives in my rather spacious and full purse.

The washrooms do not have hand dryers, and so after a few more goes at my skirt with paper towel, I rotated it again, so that the wet spot was on my hip, checked my makeup, slowed my breathing, and left the washroom.

All afternoon I could feel the cold wet spot on my hip, a constant reminder of my accident. I was also glad that I had taken the precaution of a pad, as I had a couple more sneezes throughout the afternoon. All in all, I used up all three of the pads that I had in my purse by the end of the day.

I took the precaution of wearing a pad from the start of the day today, but so far, no sneezes or leaks. I also made sure to bring a fresh pair of emergency back-up panties in my purse, and I’ll be choosing my clothing carefully for the next few days, as an additional precaution.

I hope you enjoyed this recent experience of mine. I didn’t enjoy having the accident in the presence of all of my colleagues, who would? I did get away with it, as no one commented or even indicated that they had noticed, and no one noticed or cared about the wet spot on my hip all afternoon. I did enjoy the embarrassing/naughty feeling of having a wet pair of panties in my purse, the rush of adrenaline I got when I went into accident clean-up mode, and the whole other raft of emotions that whirled around the accident. I hope you enjoyed this experience.

Later when I got home, I snapped a picture of my panties to show people the damage, they were still very wet.

$$

$$

Sorry these first to are blurry.

$$

Rachel

*006*2017-06-16 00:58

{{3 hours ago, Throwaway8626 said:

Okay, first of all: oh my god I didn't know you were from BC, small world I guess.

Second: this time of year I am so glad I don't have this problem. Last week was "cottonwood" week as I like to call it and I was sneezing constantly, despite having a metric crap tonne of reactine and benadryl floating around my system plus nasal spray.

Anyway, glad you made it out of there without anyone noticing. Don't think I ever could have made it out of that situation without someone seeing it.

}}

I've been our here for a year-ish now :) But not from BC :) And yeah the cotton stuff is the one that gets me.

The skirt rotation is an old trick from high school :)

*010*2017-06-16 16:54

{{12 hours ago, scinosensation said:

Rachel, for what it's worth I "feel your pain". First I live on a side street named Cottonwood for good reason. I have a similar allergy. I have no idea whether the cottonwood cotton induced sneezing has any connection, or just the very hot several days unusually cool for a day or so hot again, impossible to balance fluid intake etc, but for the last week or so I've been wet more often than not when I check.

Second last year I was hospitalized, and as often happens for us paraplegics the stay extended and extended. During the first few days one of my nurses engaged me in discussion after about the 4th or 5th time I did not get cathed in time so the bed had to be cleaned. She said to me at one point, so you wet your pants, you go change and carry on. A few days later she was doing something with my IV, turned her head and sneezed, and uttered words I will not repeat here. She turned so I could se a big wet area as she finished the task at hand. Then she left the room. She came back a bit later wearing dry pants.

}}

I know how it can be, they are all fuzzy and go up your nose, cycling is the worst :)

Thanks everyone for the kind words :)

Glad you liked my experience!

*012*2017-06-17 19:05

{{22 hours ago, RedFox12345678 said:

I'm sorry that it happened to you, although I like the story.

Maybe you should go to a doctor, they can help you.

}}

Thanks for the advice :) I've been visiting urologists all my life, the fact that I only have little accidents like this one when I sneeze, or work out really hard or laugh really hard is a massive improvement from the days of my youth. I've also had a number of treatments in the past. but yes, it's definitely important for people with stress or urge incontinence to get it checked out with their doc :)

*014*2017-06-18 04:38

{{7 hours ago, Shoshana said:

Rachel, I'm sorry you got in this predicament. I also have a sneeze fetish, so I found your story extra interesting. :)

}}

I'm glad you liked it :) Sneezing and wetting always go hand in hand for me :)

*017*2017-06-18 20:20

{{3 hours ago, Shoshana said:

Well, thank you for being you. :)

}}

Awww

