My longest hold yet

Author: BENAir01

*000*2017-08-12 12:18

So this summer I have been working a hard physical job for my city that is all outiside. Because of the heat and everything, we drink a lot of water and sweat a lot etc.

On Thursday I peed when I woke up at 7:15, and then went to work for my 8 hour day. Because of how much I was sweating I barely had to pee the entire time. I had drank a full large bottle of water (about 1 and a half times the size of a regular Poland springs plastic bottle.) but by the end only had To go a little. So I decided i would have some fun with my need.

Immediately from work I headed to the doctor to get some papers I needed before riding home to get on a skype call with a small interview (not a job interview, it's by a film producer and my interview will be in the film), allthe meantime holding. By now it is 4:30 and I haven't peed in 9 hours and 15 mins, and my need is starting to get quite strong

So I did what any omorashi to would do - and continued holding! I went to the gym for 30 minutes - making sure to drink plenty more water - and when I got home, I got on my computer and held for another 55 minutes before I 1) got bored 2) had to make dinner and3 ) had to poop. So I got in the shower and oooohhhhh seeet relief :)

It was really fun and a great way to spend the afternoon after work!

Oh and by the way I'm not the only person who was desperate that day. There is a single girl who works in my department (compared to 60 or 70 guys) and I happened to be working with her and one other person that day. Well I'm the last 30 minutes before the day ended she suddenly said she really had to pee and rushed us to the department headquarters where bathrooms are located. While we were heading there she told us stories of her other close calls, including some stories of when she worked in the fire department and how sometimes when you were called in at 3am, you would t have time to pee, but because you had to wash your clothes after a fire, while people were standing there putting out the fire, some would just pee themselves. What a great thought to end the day, and this story, with.

Hope all y'all enjoyed! Thanks for reading!

