Peed Myself Walking Home!!

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2021-10-21 12:02

Hi everyone! Its been a while since you've heard from me in this sub-forum eh? There's reasons for that, but with them I bring a gift; the gift of pee. (SKIP THE NEXT FEW PARAGRAPHS IF YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT CONTEXT OR MY STUFF AND JUST WANT READ PEE GO GO GO)

Firstly I should acknowledge the most recent Lotto. You know, the one from years ago that I was supposed to write and never did. I still plan to, because I'm stubborn. The issue has been that its been so long (hell, I've even moved in that time I'm pretty sure) that I hardly remember how it actually WENT when I did it and I write in a way that I attempt to be detailed. As a result I have tried multiple times to write it and have given up just about every time, but one day I'll push it out, mostly because it would bother the HELL out of me if I moved onto the next Lotto without writing it...and after what I'm about to tell you, I want to do another one. Some weird fire got lit under me yesterday, and its serving as a muse for this writing.

Now, I should preface this by saying this is not a desperation story; if that's your thing I apologize in advance. There's a lot of weirdly specific context I need to explain for the following story to even make sense so bare with me just a while. Now, if you've been around long enough to know my work, something has probably become obvious to you by now. When I was a young adult, I was still young and pretty stupid. Most of my early experiences were caused by such a fact; when I was an 18 year old omo enthusiast, I cared very little for consequence over excitement, nor did I like planning.

The accidents I used to have were barely "accidents" because they all tended to happen just because I always refused to go when I should have, because like you all, I have an omo kink. Take an irresponsible young adult, give them an omo kink, I'm sure you've all been there, why pee when you need to pee? This lead to many unfortunate situations for me that became presence defining writings for me on this website; hell, if I hadn't written them would I work here right now? I think about that a lot. I still hold the top post to ever be written on the forum.

Why is this important? Well, because I'm not like that anymore. I haven't been for a long time. I'm 26 now, and I've been on this site through my whole adulthood, I've been with this community for my every grown-up hardship. I changed a fair bit in this time. As I "grew up" so to speak, "organic" pee incidents stopped happening. Its not like my bladder was getting particularly stronger, I just stopped being stupid and started caring about my social responsibility. Obviously, when I smartened the hell up, the organic material stopped happening. When the organic material stopped happening, I had nothing to write on this forum. This is the conundrum that spawned the idea of the Kozmo-Lotto's I wrote. If I wasn't just, spontaneously having accidents to write about (thank god I'm not), then I'd let the people decide what they'd be and I'd make it happen in a controlled manner and then write about it! Perfect!

I consider the above to be context to how I am now. Just because I'm not writing about it, does not mean I do not have my own kinky fun with it. I am just not what you would call a "real time audience" person, at least not above crowds of like....maybe 3 at most. You'll never find me in the omorashi-chat channel on the discord, you'll never find me in the live-action-omorashi thread here. They're not my scene. I like to enjoy my pee in controlled relative solitude, at least as far as aware parties go. But the pee still happens! Its just never worth writing about until today.

(HEY PEE SKIPPER, STOP SCROLLING AND START HERE)

But Kozmo, even after all of that "context" we're still not on the story! I know! We get there when we get there!

This leads up to one of the things I do to get my omo rocks off. Because things aren't as organic as they used to be like I was saying above, and there's essentially no way to force that truly without being stupid about it, I indulge my exhibitionistic and thrill seeking/adrenaline junkie tendencies by gambling with my pee, and I do it a lot, in a number of different ways. I have small really crappy games in which the state of my bladder hovers on the line, to put it simply. Yesterday one of those games went deliciously, thus my saying earlier that this does not actually involve desperation.

I'll save you the description of all of my games, because I'll be here all day. What you need to know about the rules I was abiding yesterday:

I'd have my dice roller app on hand During the walk home, at specific preplanned checkpoints, I would roll a d100. Different numbers meant different things. 1-79: No consequences, keep moving. 80-89: Feign a visible sign of desperation (a leg cross, a grab, a stop in tracks and 'clench', etc.) and immediately roll again during said feint. 90-99: Leak. 1 spurt on the first offence, 2 spurts worth on the second offense, on the third offense I must wet myself. So three cumulative leaks results in the loss of the "game." 100: Let go immediately, it does not matter how many leaks have been racked up. If my first roll is 100, then I will pee before I have so much as taken a step on this walk. I do not know what sort of odds this would make across say 10-15 checkpoints. I do not want to know. Knowing might ruin the fun.

Most "games" I play with my bladder nowadays take up a similar ruleset, just adapted to suit different activities, and some I'll even do with a full bladder to see if I can outlast my own "game." The game I'd chosen for this day, however, was specifically for my walk home after I take the bus home (on the days I take the bus home) from work. If that seems super risky, it is. If you're familiar with my work you know I love being super risky, I just love the risk however, not the thought of getting caught. A kink isn't worth ruining my social life, you know? So I NEVER want to be CAUGHT. Just the risk.

This is why I did this on a rainy day with black yoga pants. ♥

Which brings us to the description phase! Sound off with me if you already know most of the words. I'm average height of approximate determination (All these years and I always fib or be vague about my exact height just because it pisses off a lot of my friends on this forum; koz being schrodingers short is a running gag despite so many of them having seen me enough to probably make a very good guess), I'm really underweight fuck you covid I miss the gym very slim, my hair is currently dyed a nice silver and getting rather long!

I've been keeping it in a side-tail, pigtails, or just making it wavy at the ends. I've still got plenty of ink on my arms, legs, back, and chest; those don't go away. Still have a bunch of piercings, though admittedly not nearly as many as I used to have but still a few cool ones. Nose ring, belly button, smiley, ears, etc. I remember being told once that my lewder assets don't get played up but I basically can't: I'm not flat chested, but I can get there if I lay down and arch a little, not very big. I have a toned butt though, so that's something.

As for what I was wearing, I was wearing a tank top under a very thin and long grey hoodie that can barely be called a sweater (one some discord folks might be familiar with, I showed it off recently), black yoga pants that are so black they're nearly shiny, plain grey panties and a white bra underneath it all. It was a cozy day, as most rainy days are. Yes, I am that basic ass sit-near-the-rain-with-tea-and-read bitch.

As for the day itself, as I've remarked on forum more than once I've been a secretary for the last three years or so. Its a cozy job, I love doing it, I love my co-workers, I've lucked out essentially. My commute to my office basically changes from day to day based on my mood; for example, two days of the week I carpool to get there and I bus home. Some days I'll drive myself. Some days I'll bus just for the hell of it. That last one was what applied on this specific day; half of that commute is actually walking, I walk 15 minutes to take a 15 minute bus ride. I like the walking part a lot, especially on rainy days when I get to bust out my umbrella, which is yet another thing I did on this day.

Now that we've set the stage and the appearances, lets get to the day itself.

Upon getting off the bus I will let you know that I had to pee. Not badly by any means, but I would normally use the bathroom if I was going by one, you know what I mean? Enough to twinge and just twitch a little. And I have a decent capacity so the liquid amount was somewhat substantial, just not enough for me to be concerned with in a million years. It was just to make sure I actually had a lot of pee to pee. This, combined with the rules of the game, lets me essentially safely simulate public desperation and the unpredictability of it. As opposed to just filling myself up like I would have when younger and just doing it without caring, in this scenario at least if I roll a 100 I can wait for that person to walk by first, or whatever else to ensure that I am okay with whats happening. Makes sense, right?

Either way, when my feet hit the sidewalk I rolled for the first time. Safe. I didn't memorize the safe numbers, you and I both know, Reader, that only 20 of them matter. I walked to the stoplight, rolled again. Safe. I crossed the street just fine, umbrella above my head and wireless headphones around my neck. My route home is essentially walking through the city center, I pass through the parking lot of a grocery store and multiple department stores and go behind all this capitalism in order to reach the neighborhood my apartment is in. There is a spot in the parking lot that essentially functions as another road with another cross walk that I have marked as one of my Checkpoints.

Upon getting here, I rolled an 82. As the rules state, this requires a feigned sign of desperation, and an immediate second roll. I did an Ol' Reliable, and crossed my legs and bent slightly at the waist, watching cars go by and refuse to stop and let me pass. An innocuous desperation pose, not enough to draw much attention at all (other than the fact that I could feel my underwear riding past my waistband), but enough to know I'm deliberately doing it in the middle of this parking lot, and that in itself is heart racing.

But not more than how from that position, my immediate second roll was a 96.

As the rules state, that means spurt. So from my position, one leg over the other, slightly hunched at a crosswalk, I leaked into my pants as cars went by. A small, lightly streamed, one second psssh. I discreetly felt with my hand, and could feel the dampness had rode up my ass very slightly. While I'm essentially positive that this went completely unnoticed by the world, I could feel my face flushing and my heart racing. It was one of the more exhilarating bursts of warmth I'd had in years, but this is far from where things end.

The details of the pathing do not particularly matter, but I was losing my mind. The second I had gotten a juicy roll, the "game" had become the most exciting thing on the entire planet to me, and I was walking faster and faster so I could be at each checkpoint ASAP. I went through three more,

Crosswalk #3? Safe.

Front of big store? Safe.

Bottom of hill? Safe.

Eventually, this lead me to a spot where I was beside the chain of department stores, directly to the side of one of the buildings actually, about to clear the corner to be behind it in yet another parking lot, but also the start of my neighborhood. This was also one of my Checkpoints. I pulled out my phone, opened the app, and hit the d100 button.

100.

I froze, my heart started BLASTING. According to the rules, 100 means I need to piss my pants right here, on this spot. I have "lost control" in my simulated "public desperation" scenario. Despite the fact that I'd only "leaked" once, I landed the one number that guarantees instant flooding. This is where the safety aspect of it comes in, because its not like this was an actual bladder burst where I had no control of the situation and would humiliate myself and have to move to utah or some other place no one cares about. This was a scenario where I could weigh my options, and I'd come prepared. I sat my black clad butt on the edge of a sidewalk near where I was standing, and pretended to be fiddling with my umbrella, as an excuse to hold its large blocking open presence in front of me. Clever right? It was also raining, and the sidewalk pavement and the pavement underneath it were already wet. I put my laptop bag to my side, basically boxing myself in.

I let go, and found I was holding a decent bit more than I'd thought. The hissing from the unimpeded rush of liquid was super audible to me, and I could see it puddling underneath my ass and FLOODING between my legs, pouring off the edge of the sidewalk. It was a gusher, definitely helped by the fact that unlike usual, there was no attempt to stop it; I was actively pushing the urine out, peeing my pants as completely and intentionally as I could. It felt so warm in contrast to the cool and humidly rainy air. It felt like how thermal vision feels to watch, if that makes sense, the stark comfy warm contrast.

Something happened at this moment, that (other than my raw excitement due to the whole thing) made me want to write this, but at the same time made me worry it might seem too outlandish. As I was sitting there, pissing myself, someone walked right past me, I shit you not. Someone taking the path I'd been taking home but in reverse essentially. As far as I know, he didn't even glance at me, his eyes didn't even flicker, pedestrians don't care. But holy shit, my heart stopped dead in my chest. The raw anxiety adding to my adrenaline rush was a downright absurd sensation in and of itself, despite the fact that it had meant nothing. I did not stop peeing myself for a moment during all of this, the floodgates had essentially been jammed open with a doorstop and nothing was stopping until it was finished. I even got some pee on the back of my hoodie due to my sitting position, I was partially on top of it. Long hoodie. You know how it is.

Either way, I stood up from my mini lake and felt a single ounce of pressure left at the bottom of my tank, so I pushed it out, resulting in a small gusssh that sprayed out between my legs, spattered onto the pavement, and sent a stray stream behind my butt and down the back of my left thigh. Hearing the spray splatter was utter catharsis. I checked with my hand and I was absolutely sopping between the legs and basically my entire ass, with a bit of dirt on it too from sitting on the pavement. Luckily, my laptop bag hangs in front of my butt, and the yoga pants are dark black. There was no sign I'd done anything. I was eager to get home and enjoy the fruits of my omo labor at this point, if you catch my drift.

But I shit you NOT, it still does not end. This is about to sound like a Dane Cook comedy sketch, but I am 1000% serious. As I'm walking home, not even a full STREET after pissing my pants, a friend I hung out a lot with as a teenager but never see anymore pulled up next to me in their vehicle. Yes, I got hit with the ol' childhood friend. Deadass.

Surprisingly, this did not hit nearly as hard as the random person walking by. I actually didn't even care. The act was done, and any and all possible damage to clothes or ground were and are completely obscured. If he'd offered me a ride the rest of the way I'd have to refuse on a principle I couldn't inform him of, but other than that, no concerns. We chatted a bit to catch up, despite my being still secretly soaked with my own piss. I grabbed his new number off him and promised to connect him with some other people we used to hang out with too, and we parted ways.

I remember walking off with a mix of "Are you shitting me right now?" and just feeling super super happy about my day and still surprisingly warm on the butt and thighs. Everything went perfectly, as it could have, with 0 consequence, and I just overall had the best series of events. So despite being on hiatus for quite awhile, and despite this story having literally no desperation in it, I wanted to tell you guys about this so badly that I started writing this at 6 in the morning, the next day. It is now almost 9. Yeah, that's a three hour writing time, I'm also playing video games don't judge me.

I hope you all enjoyed reading!!!! ♥♥ Its been such a long time since I've written anything that wasn't notes to a user report or support ticket, so hopefully I'm not too rusty on my writing ability? Do let me know!!

If this is your first time reading my work, and you want to read more, perhaps with actual desperation in it preceding the accident, I will link the rest of my work below:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/56793-pissed-my-pants-twice-once-in-a-crowded-city-the-zapdos-test-challenge-gauntlet/?do=embed"

Wet myself looking for a bathroom at a club!

Wet myself while gaming (And nearly got caught!)

Peed my Pants While Doing Photography (And possibly trespassing)

Two Wettings the Night Before Christmas.

Wet myself outside of the bathroom

Peed my Pants in a Haunted Maze!

Pissed myself while drunk at a friend's apartment!

Wet myself at the University

Peed my pants while tech supporting a friend!

And the Kozmo-Lotto's! Kozmo-Lotto IV is the highest rated post on the forum!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33383-peed-myself-in-the-middle-of-town-kozmo-lotto-winner-request/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33645-peed-my-pants-at-the-movie-theater-kozmolotto-2-winner-request/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/34428-peed-myself-after-going-out-kozmolotto-3-winner-request/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/35323-doing-a-wet-gauntlet-of-omorashi-challengesin-a-public-mall-aka-the-alliance-challenge-kozmo-lotto-4-winner-request/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/44699-i-peed-my-skirt-in-the-carmultiple-times-kozmolotto-v-winners-requests-part-1/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/49168-wet-myself-doing-a-video-game-omorashi-challenge-kozmolotto-v-part-2-with-art-by-biku/?do=embed"

Feel free to browse!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥

*005*2021-10-21 18:35

{{1 minute ago, hubertheiser said:

I was staggered when I saw the dates of your older stories and lottos. Time goes by so fast...

}}

Right? I remember being the young one around here! Now there's people in this community younger than my baby brother, who is now 21. Every time I try to fathom it I nearly lose my mind. I feel old TT~TT

I've been here a damn long time

*008*2021-10-22 11:22

{{9 hours ago, Chevrolet said:

Aaaaaugh, good lord you're good at writing this all out!!! I usually *attempt* to be reserved with these sorts of things but man this is good. The childhood friend thing got me too. There's been a few times in my life where some shit has gone down and even as it was happening I could only think "goddamnit what a cliche nobody is gonna believe this".

Keep it up!!!

}}

Right? And the crazy thing is that was actually the least harrowing part. Everything at that point had been done and I was already scott free, so I was actually just super happy to see him and catch up!!

*014*2021-10-23 22:56

{{8 hours ago, AlwaysDenied said:

Another wonderful story! I love the d100 aspect. So much potential for fun outcomes. Now I'm feeling inspired to make a table of omo tasks in the style of a wild magic surge table /dndnerd

}}

If you do send it my way that doesn't sound like a terrible idea!!

{{12 hours ago, omoreader111 said:

Don't mind about my name. i love your story

}}

I work here, I saw that namechange. Tsk tsk.

{{On 10/22/2021 at 2:02 PM, nappypants said:

Great story! I'd wondered if there would ever be another Lotto but had pretty much given up hope, so maybe one day we'll be lucky

}}

Sooner rather than later if I have my way about it!

*016*2021-10-26 00:21

{{On 10/24/2021 at 9:17 PM, Stanley79 said:

Nice report.

I can think of only one city where people casually chat in the rain (and have the skill to write notes in the rain)... If so, did to walk in the rain again today?

}}

To be fair, I had an umbrella and he was in a vehicle

