Obligatory Band Experience

Author: Meowth

*000*2018-07-01 08:07

Okay, so here is the second occasion in my life where I've 'nearly' pissed myself. Whether or not this is a formal accident is up to you, but my lord was it close to being a far bigger deal.... I have at least one more story that involves me wetting my pants a bit on accident, though it's a little different. I'll share it a bit later if there is interest in it. If you want to read the first account I posted, there is a link to it a couple paragraphs down.

This is the second story of when I almost pissed myself as a kid. It happened a few years after the first one. I was in either the 6th or 7th grade, so I imagine I was 12-14 at the time. It all happened in band class, during one of our after school performances.

I had a close friend in band at the time, so I caught a ride with him. I remember being mildly uncomfortable that day, since we had to wear 'dress clothes,' something I was entirely unused to. Black trousers, a white, hot, long-sleeved dress shirt, a tie, and even this strange device called a 'cummerbund.' Why that was required of a middle school band class I'll never know.

I'm pretty careful with my bladder, and I was a 100 times more careful in those days. I was sure to piss before I left, and I didn't drink anything that would cause me problems. Of course, I was a 13 year old boy, and it's not hard to make a kid forget about the gritty details, especially when his class is right across from the bathroom.

When I arrived at the band room for our last rehearsals, there were snacks—and among those snacks the culprit of my last near accident: soda. Now, I'd learned from my previous soaked pair of briefs...

That soda was a drink of moderation, so I only had one.... At first. I was talking, we were doing rehearsals, and we were all there pretty early. So, I had another. Not a problem, though, the bathroom was right across the hall.

By the time we were all making sure our ties and cummerbunds were on, I had to pee. I went into the bathroom with a ton of other boys and adjusted my clothes. The only problem was I wasn't the only boy there drinking soda. Every time a urinal opened up, it was taken by somebody. Had there been a line, I'd have joined it, but there wasn't a line. You had to assert yourself there when it opened. I was a bit shy, especially about bathroom related things, and I didn't have to go super bad at the time. It didn't help that far too many of us hadn't come dressed, so all the stalls were taken up with kids changing, and the band director was outside telling us to hurry so we had more time to practice our songs.

So I returned to the band room and sat down. I sat there for quite awhile waiting for all the kids. Wave after wave of boys returned in their full outfits, while my urge was getting worse. Had I just waited in the bathroom, I'd have been able to go. I could have asked the band director, but surely I'd have a chance to go before we got on stage—and plus, he was... a little intimidating lol.

Soooo, I held it. I played baritone and did my best like a good boy, though going through our set of three songs took some time—time that we did not have considering how close our stage time was. We were rushing through the last song, replaying hard parts instead of doing the entire thing at this point. Meanwhile, soda was rushing through my body.

Not only could I feel my bladder now, but my piss was just... hard to hold. I'd deliberately avoided water to keep from needing to piss, and because of that, I had nothing but caffeine and soda in my body. It was a disproportionately bad urge. But no big deal, right? I'd have time to nip into the bathroom before getting on stage.

When it came time to finally go, I remember being super frustrated with the band teacher. He was getting all anxious and pressing our rehearsal to the last possible moment. We were already a few minutes late by the time we were leaving the classroom with our instruments and chairs and music stands in tow. The stage was right across from us, literally a twenty second walk, but the bathroom was right there, in the hallway between the cafeteria and the band room, a 5 second detour....

But there was no time. I had to bring my own chair and music stand and promptly sit down.

This is where things got difficult. My bladder was kinda full, but the real problem was the soda. I was having a really hard time keeping it in. It kinda felt like a bladder infection, but instead of pain, there was a constant nagging feeling in the tip of my penis. I kept telling myself I'd felt it many times before and it would be fine, that I wouldn't have an accident on stage—one of my absolute greatest fears—but this felt worse than usual. After all, I'd had two sodas after avoiding water....

Now let me spoil it for you right now: I didn't piss my pants on stage. If I had, this would be a far more embarrassing story to relate. But what did happen both surprised and terrified me. Sometime around the second song, I leaked. I actually, legitimately peed for a second. It was only a few drops, but it was a few drops. It happened on stage in front of like 100 people. And worse yet, I was trapped there, not sure if more was going to come out.

Considering the circumstances, I think I managed to hold things together fairly well for the end of that song, and for the third song, which was by far the longest. When the third song ended and we were told to grab our stuff and bring it back to the band room, I whipped around to look at my seat. Much to my horror, it was wet.

Then I patted my butt, which seemed.... dry.

I took a moment to thank God it was just sweat. I grabbed my stuff and followed everyone else to the band room. Now that I was standing and walking, the urge was far easier to manage, but I still glanced at the bathroom with some longing as we passed it. Back in the band room, things took awhile to situate, but I can't imagine anything notable happened, since I don't remember this brief time well at all. There is a possibility I drank more soda with the thought in mind I was in the clear and had not peed my pants, but looking back at the event, I doubt it.

However, what I did do was drink a ton of water. I'd wanted very badly to use the toilet, but some idiot had locked the bathroom door. I could have gotten the band director to use his key to unlock it, but my friend's mom was waiting on us... and really, the problem wasn't a full bladder. It was full. I mean, it was very full, but I lived like five minutes away from the school. I could hold it. The problem was my dehydration. So I drank more at every water fountain on the way, forcing myself not to pee dance whenever we stopped.

I don't remember exactly why, but leaving took some time. I believe my friend's parents were chatting it up with the band director and what not, and I think my friend's sister might have been there talking to her old teachers. In any case, it took a bit of time, just long enough for that water from before to start making it's way through me. By the time we reached the car, it took just about everything I had not to show how badly I had to piss. I mean, I was 13, I wasn't going to piss myself or anything, but I did really, really, really, have to go. Whenever I felt like nobody was looking, a squirmed a bit. Not quite a pee dance—I refused to do something that embarrassing—but it was definitely getting difficult to stay still. My pee wanted to come out, and soon.

When I finally sat down in the back of my friend's mom's minivan, my bladder was about to pop. The shock of the new position made me jolt. I sat there for the whole, thankfully short, drive with my legs close together, trying not to move too suddenly and trying to keep my very tentative control intact. We had a series of yuge speed bumps outside the school, and I remember tensing up with each one. I thanked God when we hit the last one. Piss felt like it was in my genitals, like it was right at the edge, ready to just start spraying everywhere. Had there been another speed bump, there's a strong chance I'd have pissed—my boxers felt a tiny bit damp after the final one, but I hadn't felt anything come out.

Not a good sign.

I honed in on the sensation of wet fabric on the way back. I squirmed a little, which mostly consisted as shaking my leg very lightly for a second, since I was too scared to do anything else. The whole ride I was praying that his mom would hurry. I was barely holding on, and it wouldn't have done any good to have told them. I mean, it might have, actually, but in my 13 year old, shy brain, I didn't want anyone to know I had to piss. I didn't want them thinking about it.

We arrived at my house soon. I casually got out of the van and said bye, and walked to the door. My stomach started to tighten, just like it had at camp. His mom stayed in the driveway until I got the door open, and made it safely inside, so I still could not dance, and the stakes were higher than ever not to start pissing, since I had a pair of headlights shining directly on me. Even from the side in black pants it would be hard to hide a sudden waterfall of liquid running down my legs and possibly cascading forward or backward.

I opened the door and walked inside. Normally I”d have gone to talk to my mom but there was absolutely no time left. I had to piss so bad it was all I could think about, and to make matters worse, my stomach muscles were tightening even more. I dropped my baritone on the floor and powerwalked toward the bathroom. Any normal kid would have ran, but I was too shy for anyone to see me doing that.

I remember praying no one was in the bathroom, and even wondering for a split second what I would do if someone was. When I asked my brain, there was a blank spot as an answer. 'I would just go pee outside' appeared in my mind for a moment, even though I knew deep down there wouldn't be time for all that. There was only one possibility if that door was closed. I would stop in front of it and start squirting piss into my boxers, and I'd likely lose control within seconds.

So I walked faster, my bladder muscles getting tighter and tighter, my lower body starting to push against my weakening muscles. I was thinking this was impossible, that is couldn't be happening. I was still in pants, not even in the bathroom yet, and I could barely hold it. I was seriously about to start pissing all over my pants and the floor just like when I was 5. My actual best case scenario was just making it.

Thankfully (or sadly considering this forum lol), the bathroom was free. I rushed in, ignoring mom who immediately asked me how it went from her room directly across. I closed the door, embarrassingly slamming it a bit in my rush. It was the camp experience all over again. My stomach was getting tighter, piss was dribbling into my underwear as I struggled to undo my belt. Thank God the cummerbund has been removed and forgotten at school.

I didn't even have time to lift up the toilet seat. The moment I got my belt undone, my bladder released. It took only a heartbeat for my piss to accelerate into a full speed stream. My eyes widened with utter shock. It was happening; I was pissing my pants.

I undid the button with Apollonian speed and slipped my already pissing member out, trailing piss against my boxers and getting some on the front of my pants as I did it. I aimed straight in the middle of the bowl, driblets of piss splashing up onto the seat from the ocean surging out of me

I felt a droplet of piss running down my leg. It was only one leg, thank god, but it was not at the thigh, it was all the way down by my calf. While pissing, after I'd gotten over the orgasmic pleasure of relief, I looked down. The crotch and a bit of the side of the thigh area of the thankfully black pants twinkled in the light, but other than that, the accident was hidden. When I finished, I looked down into my boxers and saw a dark patch extending down my leg.

What I did next I can't remember exactly. I either left the bathroom and went to talk to my mom, which in retrospect is a pretty embarrassing, because while it didn't occur to me at the time, she had to have known I'd had an accident, or least that I'd leaked a bit. She'd seen me rush into that bathroom, and worse yet had probably heard my fire hydrant style piss a millisecond after I closed the door—notably without the build up that usually happens when you don't start off in your pants. So if I did stand there and talk, she had to have known I was doing it after having wet myself a bit.

The other possibility is that I shrugged her off somehow and retreated to my room. In any case, when I was alone I promptly removed my wet trousers and tossed them to the floor. I inspected my dark blue patterned boxers closely, and found a dark spot spread wide across the left half, extending down to the thigh, and then reaching a bit further down the side. The damage to my pants was minimal, but the same could not be said of my boxers. Those were soaked.

I took them off and tossed them to the floor with the trousers, hoping they dried by the morning. In any case, my mom never mentioned it to me.

