Wetting in the Sandbox

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-01-05 05:50

Been awhile since I posted one of these, eh?

So this was during Kindergarten, during one of the days I had decided to remove my diaper, stow it away in a hiding place, and see how long I could last. This was during recess, and everyone was out playing in our wood chips filled playground (and yes, you can apparently use wood chips as a playground flooring). I had drunk a bottle of milk for breakfast, plus the juice boxes they sometimes handed out, and had only wet my diaper prior to coming to school that morning. I felt a twing in my bladder while walking about, and recognized it as a need to pee. I squeezed my legs together, and tried to forget the urge.

While I was more comfortable with bathrooms outside my home environment at this time, I knew I wouldn't make it, plus I wasn't good with clasps for pants yet, as mind had the kind you could pull apart. I believe I had actually stashed my diaper in the bathroom, probably behind the trash can.

After about thirty seconds of not trying to pee I eventually began playing in the sandbox, well, it was wood chips and not sand, but still. Realizing I wouldn't hold out to the end of recess nor reach my diaper or the bathroom in time, I began to pee right then and there. Thankfully, my pants were dark, as it was a free dress day at the end. I peed for about twenty seconds, a bit pooling into the chips below. A bit before recess I headed into the bathroom, and slipped into my diaper.

*002*2018-01-05 14:10

{{1 minute ago, BENAir01 said:

Cool story!

}}

Thanks

*004*2018-01-05 20:48

{{3 minutes ago, AudreyLovesPee said:

Wow that is really cool. You were brave in kindergarden

}}

Thanks

