Not a Wetting Experience... Yet...

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-02-08 15:43

So I am sat on the car part at a training course I was sent on from work. I have an hour and 30 min drive ahead of me and I already need to pee quite badly. I will either make it home and almost certainly wet my self uncontrolably when I get back into the house. Or I will have to find somewhere to stop and pee (probably hidden somewhere in a field or something). Wish me luck!!

Joe

*001*2019-02-08 16:22

The urge has come on So sooooo strong! Just stopped and allowed my self a 10 second blast of pee. Clamping off the flow was seriously difficult. Just about to set out for the rest of the journey. Traffic looks bad

*002*2019-02-08 17:25

So I got back from work finally about 10 minutes ago! The rest of the journey after the initial 10 second cheat pee was ridiculous! I was absolutely bursting for the entire 55 minutes of the rest of the journey! The last 10 minutes when I started getting near to home was agony and I could feel my bladder muscles wanting to give up. I managed to force them to maintain clamping of my pee hole and hobbled out of the car, up the drive and to the door where I stood pannicking trying to unlock the door in a proper "I'm gonna wet my self" fashion. I genuinely felt a huge spurt escape as I was opening up the door and I dived inside, threw my bag onto the flood, squat down and exploded a torrent of pee straight through my work trousers all over the laminate floor! I have to say, I think it was probably THE BEST relief I have ever had after a holding session. The endless flood and warmth felt amazing and my poor bladder feels Sooooo much better now!

When I had totally finished I stood up and quickly grabbed a mop to clean up the puddle! I have since grabbed a towel, folded it up loads and now I am sat with a big wet patch between my legs typing this up!

Honestly everyone, if you want some serious desperation. Do it in a car. Knowing their is NO CHANCE of relief short of soaking a super expensive car seat really is a serious motivator to make you hold. I wish I got chance to measure as I think that hold would have easily beat my 1.4l record!

Joe

