How it all started for me

Author: omobecca

*000*2018-01-11 01:32

Hi everyone.

I've gained a bit of confidence since introducing myself a few days ago, and have had some nice welcomes which I'm thankful for.

Despite my confidence issues, especially talking about any of this, I do enjoy writing. So hopefully trying to write about myself as a character will make this experience better than any normal conversation people may get out of me. But I want to be able to share freely on here without worrying so I want to break through and share the first time I wet. It started as an accident then... it wasn't.

It was back when I was in Year 8 in school, so I was about 12 or 13. I remember the day well as I hadn't drank most of the day and ended up getting dehydrated by lunch time. I had to leave the lesson early before lunch as I was getting dizzy and couldn't concentrate. It was here my friends realised and the teacher advised I go to the medical room to rehydrate.

A friend walked me to the medical room. On the way she asked me something that up until that point in my life hadn't made me think about the topic of peeing so much. It was strange. She was trying to make me feel better by joking around and asked, "Have you not even peed today yet".

Nothing strange about asking that right? No; but I remember trying to laugh when she said it but my focus went straight to my bladder. My answer was "No", as I hadn't. I even tried to push as if peeing, and there was nothing. Why I instinctively tried to push pee out I don't know.

Straight away I was having a mental conversation with myself. 'why did you try and force pee out then?'. Possibly as a result of being in my dizzy state, that was the only thought that kept replying in my mind.

Once in the medical room my friend left me and went back to the classroom as there was still about 15 minutes left of the lesson. The nurse asked me what I'd eaten and drank all day and I admitted nothing. What was an innocent lack of hunger early on in the day resulted in me disregarding the need to eat or drink until now.

The nurse filled one of those plastic party cups with water and told me to sip at it. Once I finished that cup she refilled it and I continued to sip until lunch.

I stayed in the medical room for at least 10 minutes into the lunch break. I'd sipped on and finished about 12 cups of water to re-hydrate myself. I had also started nibbling on my lunch from my bag, which I'd obviously left uneaten all day.

So skipping the rest of lunch, I still had two lessons to attend. I felt a lot better and the dizziness had gone. The only issue I had now was I had PE. I never really enjoyed PE for two reasons: One, I'm not the best at sports, and anyone in the same boat as me will know if you're either not good or don't enjoy sports in school - PE can be a very unsatisfactory hour; and two, I didn't want to run around too much and dehydrate myself again.

I'd spent most of the lesson staying pretty much out of the way and not playing the game too much, which was netball in the sports hall. About half way through the lesson was when i started to feel a hint of desperation. I almost zoned out and the thoughts from earlier filled my mind again. 'Why did you try to force out pee earlier?'. Compared to trying to play a sport I wasn't enjoying, this new drain of thought was somewhat welcome. I was about 2 on the scale. It crept up on me but it was easy to hold. You know the feeling you get? When you sort of like... tense to hold. I kept doing that. Not that by not holding it would let pee out, but I was tensing and relaxing a few times. Possibly to play with my bladder, but mostly because I was bored as hell. The thoughts were racing again, 'why are you doing this?'

"BECCA!"

I almost had to shake my head to zone back in as I was shouted at. As I looked up, the ball had just been thrown towards me. I wasn't ready. I didn't know. I wasn't paying attention.

The ball came at me and I tried to catch it by hugging it as it came towards me. I failed. Instead, it impacted my stomach and bounced away towards the floor. It winded me and I let out a whimper. As I grabbed my stomach to comfort myself I wanted to cry. It wasn't even a hard impact but it was more due to shock. And the fact I wasn't having fun. and the fact I was ill earlier. It all caught up with me in that moment but I held back the tears and sat out instead.

For the remainder of the lesson I sat on a bench hugging my stomach. I bounced my leg as I sat there as the pressure of the impact and me hugging myself was pushing down on my bladder enough to make me more desperate. By the end of the lesson i'd gone from a 2 to about a 4. The teacher gave a bit of a speech at the end of the lesson about teamwork and working together to score, which made us later than usual to get back to change back into normal uniform. Because of this, I didn't get time to use the toilet before the last lesson. In fact, as I write this, it seems odd how all of these small events started to build up to the wetting later - but has helped me remember the day so well.

I sat in the last lesson thinking more of my stomach and bladder than I did the work. I remember it being English and we were doing some creative writing task. We were in a computer room and had those padded computer chairs on wheels. I swayed left and right slightly whilst I was sitting. Being quite short I couldn't reach the floor with flat feet, so bouncing my leg wasn't an option. As I swayed the chair left and right I kept squeezing my thighs together trying to concentrate on my work instead of how much I now needed to pee. Compared to how I felt earlier, I was starting to think that if I stopped tensing to hold now I might actually leak. So guess what naive, young me did. I thought it would be a clever idea to do the tense and relax thing again.

At first I only relaxed for the smallest of moments which resulted in nothing. But as I carried on doing it I relaxed for slightly too long and dribbled into my underwear. As I panicked and quickly clenched up again I took a sharp inhale of breath and forced my thighs back together. My friend next to me, who I won't name, asked if I was okay. Obviously I said yes and tried to brush off my sudden action. As I held I kept tensing to hold more. As I held tightly then more tightly then less again, I felt the dampened material of my underwear move slightly against me. 

I was wholly embarrassed but no one knew, did they? No one could possibly know that I had just peed myself a bit. It wasn't much, but it was enough for me to notice I wasn't completely dry down there. Another problem was that having someone sat either side of me there was no way to discretely 'check for damage'. No one would see if my tights had got wet as well, but I was worried about the back side of my skirt. I was working myself up over nothing as when the lesson finished I managed to wipe my hands down the back of my skirt and felt no wet spot, so I was safe.

Another problem was that I had to get the bus after school, and they didn't wait around so I once again had no time to use a toilet. By the time I was walking out of school i was a good 7 - 8. You know when you start tensing your face as well? Not that it makes a difference.

I sat on the bus bouncing my leg quite hard. With my jacket on I was able to keep my hands in my lap innocently, but keep my hands pushed into my crotch without anyone noticing. I didn't speak much to my friends on the journey. I pretended I still wasn't feeling very well but instead I was focusing on holding. By the time I got off at my stop I was a 9. The 10ish minute walk from the bus stop was torture. I wanted to get home as quickly as possible but walked faster made it harder to hold, so that sucked too.

As far as I could tell, the leak from earlier had dried completely but I kept having reoccurring thoughts of the event and the fact I tried to push pee out earlier in the day. My mind was rushing with pee thoughts which also didn't help. I was almost crying by the time I reach the outside of my house. As I reached the front door i put my bag on the floor and rummaged for the house keys. My legs were still tightly pressed together and I was bobbing up and down as I was bent over trying to find the key.

You remember I said earlier how all these small events build up to the eventual wetting? Well guess what the next small thing was. I had forgotten my key. I swore at myself, now annoyed as well as desperate, as well as upset from being ill earlier on. I panicked as holding now hurt quite a bit. My Mum wasn't due home for another 40 minutes or so, and my Dad even later. I had no way of getting in. We don't really socialise with the neighbors much so I didn't even consider knocking on their door to stay inside until my Mum got home. This was the first time I ever forgot my key and of course it had to be today.

I knew I couldn't hold much longer. Especially not until my mum got home. Even standing up now was proving a challenge as I was bobbing and tensing and clenching so much I must have looked weird to anyone who walked past, not that anyone did, I think.

I was going over worst case scenarios. I knew I'd end up peeing somehow before my Mum got home so how would I do it? The front garden is almost covered by thick bushes so I could squat behind them? I didn't want to though. I remember the pain now being nearly unbearable. In between bobbing I struggled to hold well enough and immediately some pee released. I felt the spurt spread over the front of my underwear and dribble slightly down my tights. I nearly started crying again and sort of did a weird skip/trip over to the grass behind the bushes. I didn't have a choice, and my pride would have to take a hit. However, as I leapt over as close to the bushes as possible to keep myself hidden, I felt another spurt escape and this time it leaked down both legs and I felt the dribbles run down both sides of my tights.

There was no stopping it now. As I attempted to lift my skirt I had no time to lower my tights and underwear. What started as a leap turned into a squat. As I was uncontrollably peeing the squat turned into me sitting on top of my legs on the grass. I was peeing full force through my underwear and tights. I was crying now too. I kept trying to clench up again but the feeling of the release was too nice to try and stop. I couldn't believe how in one day I could go from not needing to pee at all to now wetting myself in the grass. I didn't know what to do with myself. I started hugging my stomach again, but then kept trying to lift my skirt to prevent getting it wet, but then tried to push myself up off my legs, but I was in such an unbelievable situation I think I was just trying to find something to do other than wet.

What was about 20 seconds worth of peeing felt like a lifetime. I remember feeling so bad, but even more relieved. When i had finished I didn't move. I stayed sitting on my legs in the grass. It took me a few minutes to gather my thoughts and I lifted my skirt to inspect underneath. I ran my hands up the inside of my legs and felt where the tights went from dry to saturated against my skin. I could see my white underwear underneath the tights. I think they had butterflies or dots on them or something like that.

I pressed against my crotch and felt a slight layer of damp squelch against my and and fingers as I pressed inwards. I pulled away straight away and started tearing up again. I knew there was nothing I could do and still had ages until my Mum came home. I had to wait there in my wet clothes. I eventually stood up and felt my bum. It was saturated. My tights were stuck to my legs and my underwear was stuck to my bum. I looked at the ground and... you wouldn't tell someone just peed there. The only evidence was on my tights and underwear and they were hidden under my skirt, which got a bit wet but I couldn't believe how unnoticeable the incident was when I stood up straight.

Now, I don't know why, but what I did next I'm still surprised about today. Well not too much as I'd do the same now, but surprised that I dd it at the time. As i stood there I looked down at the lack of damage the wetting caused to my lower legs and tights. Whether it was due to the fact I had already wet, or I was confused, or for another unknown reason, I pushed and forced my bladder to release again and as expected, the last rush of pee soaked the underneath of my underwear and ran gently down my tights. I remember watching as the wet lines ran down the material towards my shoes. Instead of holding again, I think I'd come to terms with what happened and carried on pushing. There wasn't much pee left but I purposefully let the rest out down my legs. By now I was just mesmerised by what was happening. Like, technically, sort of, I just got away with this. No one is here, no one saw, and by the time Mum gets home it might be less noticeable.

I sat myself back down on the grass, again lifting my skirt so I didn't sit on it and create a wet spot. I sat crossed legged straight onto the grass and pulled my phone out to let my Mum know I had forgot my key; not that there was much she could do about it. I remember getting over it all relatively quickly, probably because I knew there was literally nothing I could do about it. But something had awoken. As I sat there for the next half an hour waiting, I kept pushing pee out as I sat there. I took it as a free pass. It had already happened so what difference does it make if I peed again?

By the time my Mum got home I'd had a long time to overcome the embarrassment and awful feelings about the wetting. She said I was stupid for forgetting my key but of course I didn't dare mention the accident.

As a result of this event, when I went to the toilet to change and clean myself off, this was the first time I ever 'touched myself'. Not properly, but it felt like the right thing to do? It felt like an instinctive reaction. Like I said, it wasn't anything proper or serious but I remember from the event this day was what started me off through my teen years. I didn't fully wet for a while after that day, but did regularly when walking from the bus to get home I would do the holding and relaxing thing. If I spurted, so what? It was never as bad as the day of the full wetting. But this was my 100% fully personal secret thing. I started to enjoy it more and more but didn't dare share anything with anyone. When anything pee related came up in conversation or in class I stayed so quiet that I probably looked guilty anyway.

But yes. now I've written than I realise how much I've droned on. So I apologise for that. But hey, I got into the flow of it. No pun intended. Maybe.

Becca x

