Forest Flooding with Dimwitrolo

Author: DesperateDawn

*000*2017-06-06 11:39

Key

DesperateDawn - Dimwitrolo

As you may know, myself and @Dimwitrolo met up yesterday afternoon for some IRL-omo-fun, something neither of us had indulged in before. You wanted to hear about this experience, which was one hell of an experience and I hope it leads to many more of them. We'd planned from the start to hold until we leaked, then go in the bushes out of the way. Neither of us could really believe we were doing it until we met. First part was filling up though - we started off with a coffee, then a large cinema drink. We went to see Wonder Woman. It was an amazing film in the end but the entire purpose of us watching it was that it was 2 hours and 20 minutes long, which would be great to accumulate a need. I sipped on my large drink throughout the film, only started to feel an intense urge about half an hour from the end. This idiot, on the other hand, decided to drink all of his large cup and then half a bottle of pepsi. He regretted this later.

I feel safe saying I've made better decisions, but it proves I live up to my name. I finished my main drink fairly quickly (quicker than I thought, the straws were really thin and mine had a hole in). Not feeling anything stirring up once I'd finished it, I thought maybe have another drink. I spent almost half the film pressing my hands into myself. I did wonder if he was holding himself, but having just only met I didn't want to stare. At the end of the film, we pointed out funny names in the credits (like "Oooota") and to be honest the giggling probably didn't help (sorry not sorry). 'Lies' was another name we came across.

Who calls their kid Lies? Then we walked towards the woods, which was more uphill than i anticipated... We climbed towards the woods, the uphill struggle wearing quite heavily on our bladders - yours, maybe - or at least on mine. DesperateDawn here seems to have a bladder like a vice. When we reached the forest we wandered in, taking smaller dirt paths instead of larger gravel roads. For a while there were a couple of people who seemed to be keeping an eye on us, we assumed they were a neighbourhood watch group, keeping an eye out for people being indecent in the woods. They wouldn't leave us alone!

Then we found a nice little area where someone before us had built a den out of sticks and there were a few tree stumps and logs to sit on. Well, for me to sit on. Rolo was insistent he couldn't sit down because of his poor bladder :P But I knew he had a lot of hold left in him. We sat and talked and laughed about anything and everything, poor bloke was struggling to hold it in and having to squeeze his legs together, so I was surprised when he suggested going to the pub! I'd reached a point where my bladder had settled, and it wasn't going to fill too much more too quickly. It was just below full enough to be fun, so I figured a pint might make things more interesting. A short walk found us in a local pub, where we both ordered a pint, then once we'd done that, we headed back.

We found our little forest clearing again, complete with logs and resident blackbird, and went back to holding. Of course the pint pushed me more than I'd hoped... I had to interrupt a conversation while I bent over, hands between legs, when my first spurt hit me. It left a significant streak down one leg, not something I could pass off. It was amazing to hear him struggle, to see his face screw up as he pressed hard into his crotch and grunted an "oh fuck..." as he almost lost control. My cider was starting to work its way through and I was getting some warning tingles and now had to stand with my legs crossed, but was nowhere near the state Rolo was in. It was just as good to be on my end! My original plan to wait until I nearly spurted before unzipping and making for a push was cut away when a desperate wave hit me - I couldn't move! I tensed, and tensed, and tensed again, when my bladder decided it had to release something.

In one beautiful moment, a jet shot out of me and down my leg, leaving a dark streak on my jeans. I stood for a moment, stunned and relieved. I was really losing control! This wasn't part of my plan! By now though I'd left a streak down my leg that was unmistakable. I didn't think it would be worth unzipping after this. Watching this display of relief and pleasure and witnessing him have a mini accident only made my own need, and arousal, increase. I was now crossing my legs constantly, that was my natural standing position, and wishing that I could be doing that too. But no, I was determined to hold on for longer than he did. However, once that seal was broken, more and more waves came and they were harder and harder to hold on. Conversation became less words and more gasps and before long one entire leg of his jeans was soaked. A fashion statement, we decided.

Next, I was challenged to drink all of my 500ml water bottle. I'd managed to soak one leg, but the other was dry! Divided perfectly by the seam down by crotch, it could have passed off as fashion, if it wasn't glistening. It also didn't wrap around the back of my leg entirely, it was clearly an accident from behind. At some point in this stage, after I'd told Dawn to drink her water, I managed to lose all control. Desperate wave after desperate wave had left my leg soaked down, but there was one last wave that took me by surprise.

The spurts had left me feeling great, and then the last wave hit. My body tensed, my hands clamped down, and I began peeing full force into my jeans - I couldn't stop it! I tried, but I could barely slow the stream. When I was done, the other leg was pretty soaked too, and I was left feeling amazing! However, I was left feeling jealous. I was really desperate to pee, and watching Rolo enjoy the release of warm fluid only made my need grow stronger as my own bladder fought for a release into my own pants. I held it back, and focused my attention to attacking a nearby tree with a stick that I had found and showering woodchippings everywhere, anything to take my mind off the building pressure in my own bladder.

Wood chipping was definitely the high-light of the evening, but we decided to cut it short by giving Dawn a couple of challenges. Challenge one was to relax her bladder until she leaked, then stop. So she stood, feet apart, and relaxed. And waited. And waited. We discovered that Dawn, desperate as she might be, has quite a shy (strong) bladder, and it took her a few minutes for that first leak. And of course I looked away just long enough to miss it! I clamped shut again, but now my panties were wet and the breeze was making them cold and the temptation to let it all out right now was insane. But somebody wouldn't let me do that just yet. I wanted to see the leak! So I tell Dawn to do it again. And Dawn does. And I missed it again. Third time's the charm though, right? Nope, missed all three. We decided on a different challenge.

What was the next challenge? I can't remember. Relaxed-bladder squats. By the end of which, I was still mostly dry apart from the few dribbles that leaked from the previous challenge. So then she instead had to deliberately try to pee for 7 seconds and then stop. Which I did and it near killed me, I had to go so bad and the small releases and stops was torture. I just wanted to flood the ground!

Seeing as it was getting dark, and getting hard for Dawn to hold, we decided it was time to let go. Dawn squatted down behind a log and released. Immediately she began peeing, emitting a very pleasing hiss. It flooded out of her, streams falling off her backside and pooling in the dirt. The look of relief on her face said everything! After a short break a second wave must have hit her, and she started peeing more fiercely than before. The splattering, the hissing, and a few amazing sighs, it really was something to listen to, never mind just watch! The view was pretty great of course, powerful streams flooding out of her underwear, puddling faster than the dirt could absorb it, steam rising gently, and the look of relief on her face. It was the most amazing feeling and a really great day, I really hope to do it again soon.

What do you think?

*003*2017-06-06 21:11

I was very thankful for my crotchless tights as it made a cleanup change a lot easier :D

There were a few dog walkers and runners but it was raining quite heavily so not many leisure park-goers. (We were sheltered under some trees and therefore not wet enough to pass Rolo's accident off as rain)

Hopefully round two is soon :D

