Distracted Desperation

Author: SaQra

*000*2021-10-13 02:57

This is a blatant desperation sighting that literally JUST happened involving a friend of mine, we'll call him X.

Now, for context, X and I bonded recently over our shared ADHD. We're also both super nerdy and he wanted me to teach him a tabletop RPG, so after we'd met up this evening for a walk I invited him back to my flat to show him the basics of the game. We hadn't hung out too much prior to this, so once we got back I showed him around, got us both some soda and we sat down to start poring over the various books and dice involved in the hobby. My room is tiny, so he sat on my bed and I was down on the floor leaning against my desk chair.

As we both immersed ourselves in the game and the thousand tangential conversations that tend to arise when two people with ADHD talk, I noticed that, after a while, X was squirming beyond his usual hyperactive levels. He'd alternate between bouncing his legs frantically and tugging at the straps of his outfit, some flowery-patterned overalls. I was just prepared to write it off as just nerves at visiting a new friend's house honestly, but shortly after I noticed X actually turned to me and blurted that he should really slow down with his mugs of soda because he needed to pee!

I was too stunned by the openness of the admission to formulate a response in the moment, so I kind of just shrugged it off and the topic of conversation soon changed! Despite what he'd said about his bladder, X kept drinking soda as we chatted, and he didn't make any signs of moving towards the bathroom for another whole hour!! By that point, his bouncing had gotten faster and it was obvious (to me anyway) that he really had to go, but he was still talking and not acknowledging the situation, fixated as he was (and we both were) on the task at hand. It actually took me asking him to get him to finally go and pee! As soon as I asked the question he hesitated in what he was saying and sheepishly agreed that yes, he did need the bathroom, so I told him to go. While I didn't actively try and listen while he relieved himself, I definitely heard a strong stream and he certainly came out of the toilet much more relaxed and less hyper than when he entered!

I know this isn't the most detailed experience but I just found X's distraction so cute that I wanted to share it here!

*003*2021-10-15 22:40

{{6 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

I have read that some people with ADHD may ignore body signals like hunger, thirst and pee urgency. From your description of the incident, it appears that X has developed a pretty good capacity, perhaps because he ignores the need to pee until it gets really urgent. You should hang around with him more and learn more about him!

}}

This is absolutely true!! I can't necessarily comment on what he feels is accurate, but I know I absolutely ignore those kinds of things in pursuit of other goals! Anyhow, he's a lovely guy all around so I'm planning to hang out with him more!!

*005*2021-10-16 02:27

It is D&D! I've been playing for years, while he's new like I said! And yeah, the ADHD bathroom-ignoring is real xD

*007*2021-10-19 00:09

{{2 minutes ago, notthewees said:

I have an ASD diagnosis and one time when I was in my mid-teens I wet myself by surprise. It was a huge-volume wetting. Thankfully I was alone. I had been in my head having daydreams.

}}

I've had several smaller accidents due to being hyperfocused on other stuff like work or videogames, I get where you're coming from!

$

