My Desperate Morning (Plus a video)

Author: Sir Nobody

*000*2012-07-25 17:21

So due to vacations and work with my family members, I have the house to myself from around 7 until 2 everyday this week. Naturally, I used this opportunity to wreck utter havoc on my bladder.

Last night I went to sleep around 11 and only had a small glass of tea before I went to sleep. I woke up around 9 not at all feeling desperate so I drank a tall glass of iced tea before I realized I had to cut the grass. Since it's fairly hot over here (even in the mornings), I also drank a bottle of water (500 mL) between breaks where I had to empty the bag. I finished up an hour later and added a can of coke to accelerate my need.

At this point, I was feeling just a twinge and I kind of figured that the heat outside left me a tad dehydrated which meant that I'd have to drink even more in order to get to bursting. About a half-hour after my coke, I grabbed another bottle of water and gulped it down in less than a minute. That was when things started to get dire. I began to get that "rock in your stomach" feeling where you can definitely tell that you need a toilet soon. It was roughly 10:45 when I started to shake from my desperation and instead of just holding, I decided to add one more drink to really put stress on my bladder. I made myself one more glass of iced tea which I knew would be the knock-out blow.

No less than 15 minutes later, I was frantic. I considered myself in serious danger of creating a small flood so I quickly went upstairs to change into a pair of "pee friendly" pants. That was absolute torture on my abdomen. My slacks didn't really fit me that well anymore so the waistband was digging right into my bladder bulge. I was loving every second of this. I realized when I headed downstairs that I couldn't stay there without risking spurts so I took my laptop back into the bathroom upstairs and grabbed my camera.

I knew it wouldn't be long. I could barely stand up from the pressure and every movement felt like time was dragging. I painstakingly set up my camera, breathing heavily the entire time, and shuffled into the tub. I already spurted a bit and I tried to judge my desperation by briefly trying to stretch (not a good idea). I hung on for a few seconds more and...well..you can watch the rest.

Warning though, my pants did turn semi-transparent when wet. You can see the tip of my cock just a little bit, but I cut the masturbation that shortly followed. I know some people here aren't big on nudity. It should be fine, though.

HDV_0082.MP4

*004*2012-08-21 03:58

{{:

Watched this again, so hot!

}}

Glad you liked it, Rachel! I have another in the Live Action Omorashi thread. It's on page 39.

