Experimenting

Author: Averylynn

*000*2016-12-21 08:45

I'm kind of disappointed I don't have anything about this posted on here yet, but I started remembering this story and thought I should share it with you lovely people.

This story takes place a bit after I turned eighteen, and while it was no where near the first time in my life I experimented with pee, I didn't want to share anything from when I was a kid.

So I graduated high school on crutches (which ironically is how I left middle school too) so after school was over I was on medical leave for a while. My mom worked graveyard shifts so she slept during the day, and my sister was in elementary school and had three more weeks of school. So, during the day I would usually just busy myself playing sims.

The most difficult part about that was always our computer. It was old as hell. To paint a picture, we got the computer new when I was in kindergarten. That computer went through school with me. It took half an hour to turn on and twenty minutes to open chrome. Sims was even worse for loading times sometimes taking over an hour to turn on. But that day I was prepared for the wait.

Our computer room had been my brother's room before, and on the off chance he actually spent the night, my mom kept his bed in there. Besides the rug in the middle of the room, the floors were cement, so I had gotten used to playing sims and peeing through the mesh chair so I didn't have to get up, but even that had starred to get boring.

So I turned on the computer and prepared for the wait. I grabbed a few towels and made a bottle of iced tea and went back downstairs.

I don't remember exactly how long I waited, but as soon as my bladder was startin to hurt and I was to horny to wait, I pulled my pants and panties off, moved to the edge of the chair, hooked my legs over either arm rest, and aimed towards my brother's bed. I wasn't good at distance peeing back then so most ended up on the floor, but it turned me on so much.

I peed on the bed so many more times that day, either from the chair or squaring over a spot.

When I was done with gaming for the day, I grabbed a pair of my cosplay pants from the laundry room, got under the blanket and laid in the bed while I wet myself.

*003*2016-12-22 01:16

{{3 hours ago, No_One_Man said:

I'd love to hear more about the cosplay pants.

}}

Oh they were nothing special, they were all black, some kind of a weird fabric that was almost like sweat pants but not, and they had ela stick at the ankles so the few times I wet them standing up, it pooled inside the bottom. I don't have them anymore though, I sold them to my ex girlfriend with the rest of my Hinata Hyuga cosplay some time over that summer

