My desperate Run

Author: Luna

*000*2019-11-16 23:58

Hey Guys,

Basically I got an interesting and thrilling holding challenge, doing some jogging while bursting. If I don’t make it home before wetting myself, I lose my toilet privileges for the rest day. I obviously had to succeed, otherwise I’ll face the consequences of staying in my wet clothes – albeit for a few hours as it was Friday evening.

It was Friday afternoon, everyone was getting ready for the weekend (yay) and I was filling up on tea and water. Trying to discretely hold it in at my desk was a fun challenge, no squirming just plain crossing legs. I was feeling pretty good around 6 out of 10 – normally would have gone to the bathroom at this stage since it is distracting. However, I continued to drink whenever I wasn’t feeling bloated in my stomach. I was trying to time my fluid intake, so I won’t explode going home and be nicely desperate when I do. Going home was where it got challenging. I always get a seat on the bus as I get on at the 1st stop, but since it was peak hour, the bus soon became full. I couldn’t openly hold myself and had to forced myself not to squirm as I distracted myself with my phone and listening to music.

I managed to get back home dry around 6:30 pm. However, I was definitely feeling the storm brewing in my bladder, rising to an 8 on the scale and still increasing. I quickly changed into my workout clothes which consisted of boy shorts, sports bra, black running leggings and a shirt. By the time I got ready for my run, I was bursting to pee. Now, I knew this was going to be a one-sided challenge. No one in their right mind would run while bursting except to get to the bathroom, and that is a stretch, as running makes it exponentially harder to hold. But I persisted. My heart was racing already even though I haven’t started. I began my warm up with leg raises on the spot, instantly I felt an increase in pressure each succession of lifting and landing. Quickly finished warming up as I knew I couldn’t delay this any longer.

I braced for the worst.

As soon as I pushed off, I felt like I was going to explode. I had only ran a few steps before slowing to a holdable speed, which was around a power walking pace. I usually can comfortably run around a 5 minute kilometre, but this was torturous as I normally takes around 8 minutes to complete the lap. I had to concentrate, tensing my core muscles through each breathe. Every step felt like someone squeezing my bladder. I was barely hanging on to each jolt as I landed, despite the very slow pace. My thoughts were fluctuating between “I have to hold it” and “I can’t hold it”. This felt like it droned on for an eternity, but I was only just arriving at the half way mark.

Something weird happened around here, I felt like I was damp down there although I didn’t feel like I peed. Still awkwardly power walking, I sort of lost concentration. After pondering if I leaked, a jet of pee escaped my grasps. I knew if I stopped I would never make it, now almost walking pace, I was desperately tensing all my pelvic muscles to contain the flood. Each step I took, I felt the wet fabric between each of my legs. Literally like after 10 meters further, another leak erupted. I immediately tensed up, feeling like my bladder had sucked all the energy out of me. I felt my pee had soak down to my knees now. I was slowly making my way back, hunched forward and dripping wet, albeit mostly from sweat.

Around the ¾ mark, I got the message through my ear phones that it took me 11 minutes to do the single kilometre. Yes, I was listening to music, although at the same time I wasn’t lol. I could feel the straining and burning of my muscles increase. At the same time, I could see my house coming into view, almost there I thought. I mustered all my strength to continue running, while my bladder was literally about explode into my pants. As I came towards the drive way, my bladder let out it’s final warning.

I felt a small trickle flow through my tensed muscles as I ran up the drive way. The trickle gradually grew into a stream no matter how much I tried to hold it. I felt the warmth and wetness spread around my butt. With the last of my strength I ran past the front of the door and collapsed onto my knees and then all four, all the while I was leaking. I peed for 2 minutes straight through the leggings. Luckily I didn’t totally wreck my trainers lol Although they did suffer some dampness in the finale.

After finishing, I rolled away from the wet patch and just collapsed onto my back. Still breathing heavily. I took my phone out and saw that I ran the 1.5 kilometres in like 17 minutes. The amount of effort this took was like my quarter marathon which took me around 80 minutes.

Anyways I thought, technically I made it home before wetting so after resting for 10 minutes or so, I had a nice cold shower and changed into my comfy PJs.

*004*2019-11-19 13:09

{{On 11/17/2019 at 1:16 PM, Coinín Beag said:

Great story

I love hearing about people peeing on all fours.

}}

Thanks, It was my first time lol

{{On 11/18/2019 at 7:24 AM, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for sharing, Luna.

}}

Glad you liked it

*010*2019-11-27 03:37

{{On 11/20/2019 at 5:14 AM, wettingman said:

I love your story of a long hold that started at work , being desperate when you got home , and still going out for a run. You detailed descriptions made it more enjoyable. Almost making it home dry followed by a complete wetting was a nice finish. Thank you.

}}

Thanks, it was all planned until the unplanned lol.

{{On 11/24/2019 at 8:16 AM, JetStreamPhoto said:

I have done runs while desperate a number of times and love it!

I have a different experience as far as the pee wanting to escape. As I run or bike when I am truly *bursting* to go, the urge dissipates with increased run or bike pace. I have been so overloaded yet barely able to pee at times while exerting myself in exercise. It's fun actually. Knowing that if you slow or stop your bladder will just release; so I have made a bit of game of it. Leaking happens more easily, but it's usually a rather light leaking. But a full release while jogging has been more rare. Biking is even more different - maybe for guys than gals. When I am crazy desperate, the bike seat on my ass gives a pressure that makes it incredibly difficult to pee. I have done some of my most serious long-time holds before jogging or biking.

It is a great weather day here today, about 53F and sunny after snowing yesterday. I've had 2 very large cups of coffee this AM, followed by 2 glasses of water, now drinking my 2nd beer. I peed many hours ago and I am sitting at about 7 out of 10 urge to pee. Maybe I should wait until 9.5 and go out for a jog, letting it dribble or run down my running shorts today

}}

I know that feel very well lol.

I've actually never tried riding a bike bursting, maybe I should try it some day.

{{13 hours ago, sammilove said:

That’s a wonderful story! Were you in a gym or at the track?

}}

Thanks, I ran outside my area, around the block but it was pretty dark so I don't think I got caught wetting.

{{11 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Great account, must try this sometime!

}}

It was definitely a challenge, you should try it!

