Evening Wetting

Author: slycat

*000*2017-09-03 22:34

One night last week I decided I would do a hold and then a wetting. I had to pee a bit when I got home. I quickly changed into my running clothes and went for about a 30 minute run. I wasn't sure I would make it through the run, but I did easily. It is hard to pee while running unless you totally can't hold it any longer. When I got home I took my shoes and socks off and put on some old shoes as I hate to pee myself with my shoes on. I wear orthotics in my shoes and don't want to get them wet as they are nearly impossible to clean. I made it through the want and went in my apartment.

I took my shoes and shorts off and just had 3 tight pair of underwear on. I turned on my computer and started to do a challenge I had saved from a mister poll. By now it was about 2 hours after I had gotten off work and I was pretty desperate. I started going through the mister poll doing the challenges and drinking water when instructed. There were some long waits in the challenge so I looked at some other things on the internet. After another hour or so I was getting really desperate and actually surprised that I had made it that long. It was worse sitting at the computer so I stood up several times.

A couple times I thought I was really close, so I went in the bathroom as I prefer to wet my pants in the shower so there is no clean up. Finally about 3 and a half hours after I got off work my dick was really starting to hurt and I knew I was close. I was also ready to be done with my hold, but I was determined to hold as long as I could instead of just relaxing and letting go, because the rush when you finally blow is so much better. A couple of times I thought I had dribbled a little, but I didn't. Finally I knew I couldn't hang on any longer so I went to the bathroom and knew I was done. I got in the tub and started pulsing and squirting pee into my underwear uncontrollably. I soaked the underwear and had pee running down my legs. It felt awesome and the relief was great, Sorry my phone doesn't take pictures, so no pics.

