Spending all the day with wet panties

Author: mousopretty0

*000*2022-03-21 12:13

Hello,

Yesterday was a long day, I returned home late and tired that i slept without going to bathrom. I woke up late of course, i had work to catch and an pain in my full bladder. I decided that i will ignore it and i can hold it till i go to work. So i dressed up and before i turn the door knob to go out the pain increased suddenly that forced me to stop and concentrate to hold it up But the worst happened and it started leaking. i ran into bathroom undress my jeans and sit on the toilet with the panties that is already wet. A flow started that filled my panties in seconds making it all dark. Luckly my jeans is saved so i decided to dress up and go to work like that without changing my panties. The fell of wet panties was great and the wettness transfered to my jeans as a puddle at my back, form front i'm clean. No one will think i peed. that's it? NOPE.

After i arrived work i grabbed my morning coffe, i had a silly meeting at my boss office for being late, then a series of meetings started from around 10:20 am to 2:00 pm with lots of coffe to concentrate. To be honest it made me concentrate for the first couple of meetings but the rest i was concentrating in holding my pee and not having an accident as morning. After the last meeting i ran into bathroom which was closed for cleaning. No way i'm gona move my ass from here before i go. While i was waiting i started thinking about the morning accident, i like peeing in my panties. so why not do it again. bathrooms are now open so i ran into it undress my jeans only and do it in my panties again.

Get back to my office, I found my boss waiting and asking why i don't send meeting minutes. "I was at the bathroom" i replied. "Not my bussiness i want all meeting to be briefed and email the minutes to all attendence". "Okay Okay, i will do it" i replied. and i started work.

I finished all the work at 5:40pm. i wasn't in a hurry for bathroom so i left work without peeing. After work i was angry, i started walking in the streets trying to relief my self from work stress. I drank a lot of water. when i felt the need to pee i turned around and started walking towards my car. I stopped at the grocery store to buy some stuff. I know there was a pain in my bladder but i think it's okay. before i reached home the pain was annoying so i decide to let it through my jeans. I know what i'm doning and i won't regret it.

Finally reached home and didn't change my clothes i like the fell of wet. i spent the rest of the day with my wet jeans until evening. then i peed them for the last time before i take a shower and go to sleep.

Tell me if you like walking in wet panties or not?

