The downside of being accident prone

Author: LilMiss

*000*2021-04-19 22:10

This will be very short and likely boring but figured I'd post it anyway. I woke up this morning but wasn't needing to pee right away because I'd gotten up once in the night shortly before morning. I've been wanting to try holding while I clean (I need the motivation to get through it) so I thought I would try that. I pulled on jeans and went to my kitchen, excited to see how much I could get done. I got out a garbage bag. But bending over to get it made me leak. So soon? Then I put about 3 things in the trash bag and started leaking in earnest.

I stood carefully, legs crossed, clenching everything, bending over.... but to no avail. I emptied my entire bladder on the kitchen floor, within 2 minutes of going in there. In this case I found it frustrating not having good bladder control because I really wanted to enjoy a drawn out hold while also having the incentive to clean quickly. I miss the days that I could do this, even though I know some folks wish they had a weak bladder. It's still fun but I miss being able to hold for longer. Ah well, no big deal but my kitchen is still messy.

$$

*008*2021-04-21 05:01

Haha I was just gonna say that I guess the grass is always wetter on the other side....or something...but you said it better! I really appreciate all the kind and appreciative comments. I've lurked here forEVer and rarely contributed but I'll try to do so more now.

{{24 minutes ago, ilikeadultvids said:

I also find it mildly amusing that with the motivation of getting the kitchen clean before you have an accident gone, you gave up on cleaning the rest of the kitchen.

}}

Haha no kidding. That's why I thought it was such a brilliant idea... because clearly I need the motivation. I might give it another go and start with an empty bladder. If I do, I'll try to post about it!

{{13 hours ago, vaderskywalker said:

Even go your shirt wet that is a good wetting

}}

Yes! That was from the bending over and squeezing everything part. I did not half-ass that. Well on second thought, I didn't take a pic of the back...so it might have been half-wet ass.

*014*2022-02-07 11:40

{{On 2/5/2022 at 4:40 AM, willbill said:

Did you need to pee at all before getting into the kitchen or did you just suddenly get desperate while in there?

}}

This was a while ago (nice memory to look back on now). I recall having to go a little? But nothing where I thought I wouldn't get past the first little bit!

