Accident in my car

Author: Red Simpson

*000*2019-01-30 11:38

Hi everyone this is my first time sharing a true wetting experience I had about a couple of months ago, I hope you enjoy it and feel free to share any stories of your own related to this one.

So anyway, I was driving home from a theatre group I'm with and as I drive away I hold myself as I'd been needing to use the bathroom for a while but just hate using public bathrooms so I hold it which either ends up with me having a close call or in wet pants.

As I'm driving I tell myself "I can make it." and "Gotta hold it a little longer." just hoping my bladder muscles don't give in as now I have both hands on the wheel it carries on like this for the rest of the journey but when I get home and turn off the engine my bladder decides that my car seat shall be the toilet and so I start to wet myself without any warning or any leaks first. I try fighting it first but with no luck so I just relax feeling every drop of pee flow out of me soaking my jeans and the car seat thank god none of it went on the floor.

I sit there for a good couple of minutes after I finish my accident just taking in what just happened and enjoying the sensation of relief then I snap back into reality "I'm an adult who's just had an accident." I think to myself going a bit red in the face, luckily no one was home so I could hide my pee soaked jeans from my family. and just clean out my car the following day.

*002*2019-01-31 03:06

Happens to the best of us right?

*004*2019-01-31 10:27

@The Dark Wolf

Despite it being embarrassing it was dark so if there was anyone I knew they wouldn't see me anyway, as for the unnoticed public wettings I never realised they are more common just goes to show that anything can happen out there.

$

*006*2019-01-31 11:23

Wow @theGAME420

That story was intense hope it wasn't too embarrassing for you.

*008*2019-01-31 12:40

You must admit though it must have felt good to relieve yourself even if it was in your pants.

*010*2019-01-31 14:44

Hell yea.

*012*2019-01-31 16:38

:p :D

*014*2019-01-31 17:19

You just never know who could be having an accident or who could be really desperate unless you look out for it which personally I'd never do.

*017*2019-02-03 15:36

{{3 minutes ago, Lils said:

I think this is absolutely right. I once had an accident in a train, and other people did not notice (nor did they when I had to get out because of a transfer and my bottom was wet. I think it is also largely because people actually do not pay that much attention to each other. I have been in situations where I have changed (part of) my clothes in public or semi-public (like in a train wagon with three other people in it), and my finding is that as long as you don't act like anything outside the ordinary is happening, no one is paying very close attention and you can get away with quite a lot.

}}

I think it also comes down to the clothing itself, it's quite easy to conceal an accident and going to what you said about people not paying attention I think it shows how disconnected we as a species we are, very sad indeed.

*019*2019-02-03 17:11

{{2 minutes ago, Padded_girl said:

And that's why some of us prefer leather seats

}}

I recently got some pads for my car seat so now I don't have to worry if I have an accident

