Mine and my partners work desperation (with pic and vid)

Author: Afu14567

*000*2021-03-28 04:13

So as some of you know, I work on an ambulance. Well tonight both me and my female partner got extremely desperate.

Early in the evening we were sent to ready post on the side of a busy highway. When at ready post we cannot leave the ambulance or move from those location .

After about 4 hours I am very desperate. We had only planned on being here for a short time and I was on the verge of leaking. I was focused on being still when I felt the unit move. I look over and see my partner fidgeting. I knew she must be desperate too which instantly turned me on. I asked her if she was ok and she said she was dieing to pee! I told her that I was in the same predicament and she immediately grabbed herself as she said "thank god its not just me" . I thought "to hell with it" and grabbed myself too before I leaked! We were both shaking and breathing fast! Finally they decide to send us back after 4.5 hours. As she positions herself to move the truck! I hear her gasp and look over as she is clutching herself tightly! This made my bladder spasm and leak! Apparently i jerked enough that she saw and said "did you leaked to! I confirmed with a grunt squeezing tightly at the same time trying to see if I could make out a wet spot on her!

We started the 20 minute trip back both twisting and hold in out seats groaning under our breath! We made it to the station without leaking any more and both jump out racing to the bathroom. There is only one bathroom and she was ahead of me! I quickly said i would go to the shower as she bolted for the door! I could make out a grape fruite sized wet spot on her ass as she closed the door! As I entered the shower room I could hear her spray of pee and her sigh loudly with relief! The drove me crazy and had me so hard! I decide to just get in the shower and wet in there and shower! When I finally let go the release felt so good that I could help to stroke myself thinking of her hold herself and the big wet spot! My climax was so intense and quick!

After I got out of the shower I noticed she had changed pants but neither of us has said one word about it yet!

Warning nudity!

%https://www.erome.com/a/dytLhC8H

*008*2021-10-23 13:28

I do have a pic of her wet pants but that is not something I would post without her permission

*011*2021-10-30 15:56

{{On 10/28/2021 at 9:48 PM, Red41804 said:

By the way, can I see how she looks like?

}}

Im sorry but thats not something I can do. What she shared with me was because she thought it was funny and not to be shared. No one knows I am into this and am not willing to risk telling anyone. And it would not be right to share anything, even a picture of her without her consent.

*013*2021-10-30 20:15

I can promise I won't be asking her. Like I said no one knows about this kink and where I live and work it could cost me my career.

*015*2021-10-31 01:21

{{3 minutes ago, Red41804 said:

Would PM links work?

By the way, I hope you and your partner get desperate again so you have another great experience!

}}

What do you mean?

*017*2021-10-31 01:23

You mean me share them with you there?

*019*2021-10-31 01:26

I will not share, by any means, any pictures or vids of anyone besides myself!

*021*2021-11-01 20:35

{{5 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

This user will be forcibly taking a week off from the site.

Everyone, please take the actions they took in this thread as an example of what not to do. Pressuring someone over and over and over and over and harassing them to try and acquire material of someone else is so not okay. No means no. No. Means. No.

}}

Thank you very much!!

*023*2021-11-02 06:47

{{4 hours ago, TimmyTrihard69 said:

It's a shame we won't get the pic but completely understandable. How did you manage to get it?

}}

She sent it to me because she thought it was funny.

