My all day hold (2 wettings)

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-06-18 23:27

So i realised its been a while since i did anything omo and i had a free day today so i tried out a technique ive been wanting to do for like 2 years now: Rapid desperation.

For those who don't know already rapid desperation is where you drink a certain amount of water every hour and pee whenever you want. You then (an hour prior to holding) start to have that same amount of water every 15 minutes and again pee whenever you want. You then pee when you want to start your hold and continue drinking at that level. (It is insane how well this works and how good it feels)

I have a pretty small bladder anyway so naturally i woke up and went to the toilet. I decided to kickstart the day with 2 cups of tea and a pint of water (this is normally enough for me to get a small hold going) and followed it by drinking my second glass of water at 11. I had one every hour until 5 and found myself peeing around once every hour when i started to need it. I also had a driving lesson but didn't really notice any need to pee because i was trying not to crash or stall my car for the 32nd time in a row XD.

Around 5 i started drinking one every 15 minutes then at 6 i peed and started the hold. I wanted to get through just 1 episode of BBCs sherlock (1 hour and a half) because i had heard how quick i would start needing to pee but DAMN I OVER ESTIMATED MYSELF!! By 20 minutes into the episode and another glass of water downed I was fidgeting pretty badly. I ended up having to get up and walk around at the 30 minute mark. around this time my alarm went off and I went back downstairs to get yet another glass of water. When i was filling up my glass however I started to do a lot of pee dancing around the kitchen. I am pretty sure i leaked a small amount here as well. (I was wearing some cotton shorts and a t-shirt with grey pants) I was pretty eager to not pee in my shorts so i headed back to my room and took them off to watch more Sherlock. (I was watching a Scandal in Belgravia (the one with Irene Adler))

About 35 minutes into the hold i knew i just wasn't going to make it any longer and paused the episode and headed to the bathroom. When i got into the bathroom my body immediately tried to release and I grabbed myself really hard and bent down. I stayed like this for like a minute because I was going to pee if i stood up. I looked at my pants and was surprised to see a pretty large dark grey wet spot even though I had only leaked a small bit once. I took of my pants and realised I was actually leaking consistent small drops of pee without realising. I checked the time quickly and saw that I was about 42 minutes into the hold. I was at breaking point, I was moaning a lot and grabbing my legs over and over.

All of a sudden i felt my body prepare to eject the pee. I was grabbing onto my legs half bent down because of the pressure when the urge came over me. I leaked at first just a small amount and thought i had got through the urge but was proved wrong when a massive spurt of pee came out of me. It went for like 3 seconds and had a very loud hissing sound. This surprised me so much i didn't have time to get into the shower first and it all went on the floor. I tried like 3 times to stop the stream but it kept starting again after like 1 or 2 seconds of not peeing. I ended up regaining control after about 1/3 of my bladder had emptied itself and actually found myself not that desperate (too my disappointment)

I quickly cleaned up and cleaned myself and put on fresh pants to continue drinking and watching sherlock. I had already wet myself and failed to watch the whole episode but decided to carry on anyways. It was only like 5 minutes anyway before my bladder had started to reach full capacity again (I think it was this or the fact that my bladder was very tired from all the holding) I was sat cross legged on my bed watching sherlock on the verge of wetting myself again when I changed position and felt a surprising amount of warmth on my crotch. It turns out I had been leaking again without knowing (really not something that ever happens to me so it must just be because of the rapid desperation) I had actually made a small wet patch on my bed cover.

When i stood up to put my sheets into the wash I found i couldn't stand up straight at all and was on the verge of wetting myself. I then decided to do something very stupid and force myself to stand straight. I straightened up and instantly my bladder gave up and started releasing small spurts. I freaked out as it came out of no where and sprinted to the bathroom (I was home alone today so had free roam ) As i ran i held myself and tried to hold it all in but every step i took sent another spurt of pee out of my body.

As soon as the bathroom door closed the stream came out at full force and started going down my legs and back onto the floor i cleaned only 20 minutes before. I hopped into the shower and tried to regain control but i was fully wetting myself and the best i could do was turn my strong steam into a weaker stream. I don't know why but i collapsed to my knees and let go. It was one of the best feelings i have ever had. I swear i nearly climaxed from just the release alone haha.

This experience was truly amazing and i plan to do it again soon. It wasn't painful at all and felt so goooood. I really liked how much it made me leak and was suprised to find myself leaking without knowing about it. I also keep thinking about the pee just running down my legs as i tried to shut the bathroom door in a panic. The wetting itself was different as well as just as i was starting to pee myself it felt more like my body was forcefully ejecting it instead of just losing control.

Anyways I hoped you enjoyed reading this and feel free to ask any questions!

