Changed Pad While Jogging

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2020-04-30 21:02

Changed Pad While Jogging This happened to me yesterday, and I’m not going to make it one of my long epic stories, but I thought some of you would appreciate this little kinky adventure I had.

So, as many of you will know, I will have the occasional stress-induced leak. These happen when I’m sneezing, laughing, or working out hard, and if I know these things are likely to occur I’ll slip a pad into my panties. So if I’m going to a comedy club, or its allergy season, or I’m helping a friend move boxes, or I’m running stairs, I’ll wear a pad, and it’s usually called on to do it job.

Yesterday, I wasn’t planning a long or rigorous run, it had been another grind of a day, sitting working at my desk (I wore a huge diaper and soaked it over the course of 7 hours, more on this another time). So I was clearly in the mood for some kinky activity, but I also needed to get some exercise and leave the apartment.

I changed into my black running skort, pulling it on over a pair of gray panties with coloured stars on them (adorable panties I got from the Gap), on top I wore a running bra, and moisture wicking top, and a wind breaker. My bladder felt a little full as I was getting dressed, and normally I would pee before running, as a full or mostly full bladder is much more likely to leak (and more significantly) than an empty bladder. But today I was feeling naughty, so I decided to leave the house with a half-full bladder that was still filling up, knowing that I would likely have to find a spot to pee while out, or leak, or both.

As a side note, the running skort is fantastic for covering up leaks. It is a little quick dry skirt with built in shorts of the same material (hence the portmanteau). It dries quickly and also the black material hides wet spots, and the skirt portion hides damp crotches even more. So it’s the perfect accessory for leaky runners.

Before running out the door, I decided to slip a pad into my panties, just in case I lost my kinky urge while running and for some additional fun.

I headed out, music blaring and headed for one of the larger natural parks near us. I jogged for a little while, and then reached one of the hills the must be navigated before reaching the park. As I went down the hill, the concussion of my feet on the pavement jarred my quite full bladder and I could feel a number of small spurts escape.

I’m quite used to this, running fast downhill does cause me to leak, and I just kept going, confident in both the pad and skort combo.

When I stopped at some lights at the bottom of the hill, I could feel the wetness of the pad and a little dampness on my right inner thigh.

It seemed as though the leaks had been a little more serious than I had initially thought. I shrugged it off and made my way to the park.

When I arrived, my panties felt a little clammy and wet, but I was getting an uncomfortable feeling in my belly. Running with a full bladder isn’t fun, and I had apparently filled up more than I had anticipated.

I hit the trail and mulled over my options while I jogged. I wasn’t going to visit a public washroom, as I didn’t have a clear idea where they were located (I could have easily looked this up on my phone…), and also I wasn’t sure if they were open during COVID19 and I wasn’t a big fan of using them. I could hold it, but this would result in more leaks, which was less of a concern than the discomfort I was feeling as the liquid in my bladder jarred with each stride.

The decision was made for me when I hit a small decline and continued down with speed. The pressure from my heavy footfalls resulted in additional leaks and I by the time I reached the bottom of the hill I could feel that the inner portion of the short portion of my bottoms was quite wet. The pad had held up valiantly, but was not made for this amount of liquid. Actually, reflecting on the kind of pad I grabbed before leaving the house, it wasn’t made for this kind of liquid either, as I had grabbed a period pad with wings, rather than one for incontinence.

I stopped at the bottom of the hill, and bore down to stem the small rivulet that was running down my inner thigh. I wiped this away, drying my hand on the outside of my skort, and decided I needed to pee if I was going to keep running. Heck, I’d have to pee even if I was planning on walking, as the urge became more apparent now that I was standing still.

I continued along the path for a little ways, looking for a small side path, the kind that are not the official trail, but which seem to branch off of every trail every now and then. As I was looking, I passed the first person, heading in the opposite direction. We exchanged pleasantries while keeping our distance.

Around the next bend I saw the perfect path, one that led into a somewhat thick stand of trees. I was about to take it when I spotted, hidden among the trees, a tent and small camp. Folks without homes have had a rough go with COVID and many are camping out in parks like this one. Not wanting to disturb them, and to have them see me pop a squat, I continued on for a little while until I found a branching path in another direction and nipped off the path.

I wandered down the path a little ways until I found decent cover, invisible from the main path, all the while, looking around to see that I was alone. I’m familiar with a little mild exhibitionism, but I wasn’t feeling that today.

I found a small space beside a tree, and pulled down my skort. One of the drawbacks of the skort is that unlike a skirt and panties, you can’t just pull down the panties, the whole thing has to come down. I squatted, and held this position, still not peeing. While squatting, I inspected the pad in my panties, currently held between my knees. The pad was soaked and the panties were a little damp as well. Rather than pulling up the panties with an already soaked pad affixed to them, I decided to take the pad out.

Removing the pad revealed a moderate sized dry spot. Actually, the pad had done a pretty good job keeping my underwear dry, there were only some wet spots on the inner gusset, and towards the front. I placed the dripping pad on a small stump/branch beside me, and relaxed. The hissing of my pee filled the little grove I was in, and I enjoyed the sound of my pee hitting the leaves on the forest floor. I wiggle dried myself, and then pulled up my panties a skort.

Feeling naughty, I snapped a picture of the pad on the stump beside me.

$$

As you can see, it was quite wet.

$$

To the left of the pad you can also see the wet puddle I made on the forest floor.

$$

Here are some better close ups of the pad.

$$

Where you can almost make out the droplets.

$$

Not wanting to litter, I rolled up the pad and squeezed it out. A considerable amount of pee splashed out onto the ground. I then slipped it into the little pocket at the back of my skort (for tennis balls and other such things).

I brushed myself off, and continued on with my jog.

The rest of the jog was largely uneventful. Despite a mostly full bladder, I did have a couple of additional small leaks as I was getting closer to home, but nothing serious. I try to push myself if I’ve got a little energy left at the end of a run.

I got home just as it was starting to rain and headed into the shower. When I pulled off my skort and inspected myself in the mirror. I had made the following wet spot on the gusset of my panties. The gray fabric shows off wet spots quite spectacularly.

$$

It wasn’t too bad, but I could definitely feel the wetness as I ran.

$$

I slipped off the panties, stripped, and headed into the shower.

I’ll recount my protracted diaper wetting another time. I hope you enjoyed this experience. More to follow. And as always, if you like my work and want to show appreciation, check out my website where you can buy my dirty panties, or just get my a gift:

%https://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

Rachel

*005*2020-05-01 04:29

{{6 hours ago, sandy808 said:

I submit that there are not many better uses for the English language than for you to tell of your wet adventures. Thank you.

}}

Aww that is high praise indeed!

{{2 hours ago, Sir Nobody said:

That wet spot on your panties looks amazing! Awesome story! Also, you are getting close to the 10k posts milestone. Have anything special in store for us?

}}

Oooh good question and yes, I will have to think of something... I'd better get on that... or stop posting so much

Any thoughts?

*007*2020-05-03 01:23

{{On 5/1/2020 at 11:51 AM, Sir Nobody said:

I would love to see a classic, full-bladder explosion in tight jeans without any pads or diapers so we can see how soaked you can get. How long has it been since you pushed your holding skills to the absolute limit?

}}

I don't think my 'limit' is very impressive... but good question. Lately I've been doing more big diaper soakings...

