Made myself have an accident tonight

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2019-11-26 05:23

I've been reading a lot of posts asking how to force yoruself to have an accident, and it really got me thinking about it. So today I decided I was going to set myself up to have an accident. I'd get myself really desperate and in a position where I couldn't get to a toilet.

I have had two legit accidents as an adult and both times were because I was out in public, after a few drinks, and in a place where I couldn't get to a toilet. One was at the San Francisco pride parade with some friends. We had a few beers and I suddenly had to pee like crazy. We were in a part of town that wasn't part of the parade route so there were no public toilets. I snuck into a restaurant but there were 4 people in line ahead of me. I was full on doing the potty dance and leaking pretty bad. Thankfully I was wearing pvc pants so you couldn't tell. My boxers were soaked by the time I made it inside. I was already peeing when I got my pants down and finished in the toilet. No one could tell though with my pvc pants. They saved me that day.

The time before that was in college. I was walking home from a nice dinner down town and it came on really suddenly. I was fine then I wasn't. I sped up and power walked home. My lock was broken though. You had to jiggle the door knob just right to get the key in, then jiggle it just right to get the key to turn and unlock it. I was hopping from foot to foot and holding myself trying to do it and it wasn't working. I needed two hands to turn the door knob and the key at the same time. That put me over the edge and I was wet down to my knees by the time I made it inside. I lived upstairs so I hurried up to my room, jumped in the shower, and let go. It felt so good finally getting pee, and even better because it was in my pants.

So tonight I walked down town to get dinner and a couple beers. It's a 40 minute walk from my house. I don't need to get drunk. The beer makes me have to pee really badly really fast. And I had two pints of water with my dinner too. I was fidgeting by the time I left the restaurant. I knew there was no way I'd make it home dry.

I got about 20% of the way before I leaked. It was just a little but it was getting painful to hold and I knew I'd start leaking again fast. I did. Every 50-100 feet I'd lose another big spurt. I made it about half way home and I was wet half way down my left thigh. There were more cars out than usual, but as soon as I had a break in passing cars, I adjusted myself so I'd wet down the other leg.

By the time I was 75% home I was wet to my knees down both legs. I couldn't stop leaking. I couldn't hold myself because of how many people were out. I walk this same route a few nights a week for exercise and I never see people. I saw families walking dogs, and individuals out walking. I've never seen it this busy and I've never walked it while peeing my pants.

When I got about 90% home I was wet past my right knee and it was too painful to keep holding on. I didn't want to get my shoes wet so I squatted down like I was tying my shoe and I totally let go. I felt amazing. I could feel it pooling in the seat of my jeans as it trickled out to the street. It was heavenly. The warm wetness with the relief! I was going to finishing emptying my bladder into my jeans and wait a second for it all to drip out, but then I saw headlights. A car was coming from around the corner. I quickly stood up and kept walking. Pee poured down my legs and soaked my shoes. At that point it didn't matter so I just let go again and finished peeing as I walked. I was home 5 minutes later and got right in the shower, fully clothed. Good thing it's laundry day!

I didn't completely lose control and totally empty my bladder but I leaked enough that my pants were wet past my knees before it got too painful. None of that was voluntary. The relief of finally letting go was well worth the struggle. Not that I mind that part either...

Here are some photos of my soaked jeans and boxers

$$

$$

$$

