Nice deliberate wetting

Author: Ronyo

*000*2011-06-02 07:52

I had drank a bit of water before I went to bed early in the night, and I ended up waking happily around about 3am, so I wasn't going out for a while. I ended up drinking from a bottle of cola that I had in my mini-fridge (Having one of those is awesome..) and after a while I felt a small tingle down below, the first signs of desperation, I realised I hadn't used the bathroom when I woke up, so everything I had drank from that time was probably beginning to fill up my bladder.

I decided to let it fill ^^ I hadn't enjoyed anything omo-based in a long time, not since before the exams, so I steadily drank my cola, knowing full well that when it started to hit my bladder, it would quickly fill it and leave me desperate to urinate. I waited by watching random videos on youtube and talking with people over MSN, about half-an-hour later I felt my bladder twinge a little and knew it was about to get a lot fuller then its current state.

At that point I finished drinking the last bit of cola in my bottle and set it aside, going to my wardrobe and pulling on my pair of jeans before sitting back down. Within twenty minutes I was constantly holding myself, just thinking about my bladder filling was making me quite aroused, and the rubbing from my fingers mean I dribbling from my penis, though it wasn't pee, not yet anyway.

Liquid was still flowing into my bladder and it soon got uncomfortable, a small patch from my juices had formed on my jeans from my holding, and I was constantly shifting my legs, I wasn't going to last much longer at this rate, but it felt brilliant. It was about then that it happened, a small spurt forced its was out of my, adding to the patch that was already there.

A short while from that I needed to move, or I'd end up flooding my chair, which I didn't want to get wet, or clean later on. I quickly got up and moved to the shower, standing up really didn't help, and I ended up peeing a little as I moved, once I got into the shower I just decided to let go, and it was brilliant x3

I peed for about a minute, and I soaked my jeans, I loved every minute of it x3

Anyway, the next time I wet will probably be during the holding contest this coming saturday, I'm being a sport and uploading a picture along with this post, because I'm aroused and it's a good idea at the time xD Be happy.

*003*2011-06-02 16:28

Well on the topic in the general area someone had posted a countdown timer, so I assumed it was going to happen o.O

*006*2011-06-03 09:01

{{ 

Not into male wetting, so not of much interest by itself.

However. Seriously?

}}

I know right? xD

Also, I find it amusing that most of the comments on this topic so far haven't even been about my wetting xD

