Desperate commute

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2019-04-11 16:13

I was going home from visiting friends via train. Not wanting to miss the 8 oclock train, i did not make use of the train station men's room. I needed to pee, but i knew there were toilets on the train. Unfortunately for me, the train toilets were out of order. I was not too worried, because i often hold it deliberately at home, and have a very strong bladder. But I was in public. And I had a few beers with dinner...

I had no choice but to ignore my bladder. The train ride is just over an hour, so i could wait. It was not a pleasant hour. I had to pee when I got on the train. I walked up and down the train cars, and did not find an open toilet... like 20 mins into the train ride, the need to pee was getting very bothersome. I distracted myself playing games on my phone. Of course, the bladder situation worsened progressively. The last part of the train ride was torture. The best i could do to ease the the frantic urge to urinate was cross my legs and sit forward.

When the train pulled to a stop at my station, i stood ready by the doors. I couldn't help but shift my feet. As the doors opened, I frantically rushed to the men's room. It was so bad that i squirmed in front of the urinal as i worked on undoing my belt. The second i pulled my dick out, the piss exploded from my bursting bladder. Just thinking about how good that felt is making me squirm, as I always write these stories while needing to pee

*004*2019-04-12 14:24

{{2 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

I assure you that you're not the only one who posts here while needing to pee! In the days when I was more of a story-writer, I found that a full bladder was good inspiration, and it allowed me to describe the sensations more accurately. My biggest problem was holding it long enough to finish a chapter.

}}

It actually helps me hold. I am inspired by the story to hold it more

{{20 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Wish I could have been on that train watching you. So glad you made it though.

}}

I also enjoy seeing guys desperate to pee. I'll pm you about it

*006*2019-04-12 14:50

{{10 minutes ago, ItsKayla said:

I guess u r lucky u are a guy and have a dick, when u are on the verge of bursting you can quickly pull it out. girls like me have to undo our buttons and zippers and take a much longer time before we can let go. nice story though

}}

And you girls need cover fro both sides, whereas I can pretty much piss behind a tree or facing away from people. I've had situations where I felt bad for women having to wait, when i could just go piss at a wall in an alley

