Forced to hold my morning pee (with pics)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-03-21 10:24

When I first wake I am always very desperate to pee because I drink water before bed and often during the night. I find my morning pee by far the hardest to hold back.

This morning I woke to the sound of one of my children. I got up to check on them and immediately on getting out of bed I was bursting for the loo. I thought I would check on them quick then run to the bathroom. However after checking they were ok I realised someone had beaten me to the bathroom (there’s only one in my house) and I could hear the shower running.

I went back to my room pee dancing and holding myself for dear life and my urethra pounded for relief.

My entire body craved relief from my overfill bladder. My teeth were clenched, my forehead sweating, my eyes floating, I was biting my lip. My nipples were tender and tingling even as my body went into overdrive.

My bladder ached, my legs kept moving to try and keep my vagina from bursting open and my hands were grabbing and pushing against my pussy for dear life.

It was an agonising but highly sexual 20 minute wait and I was right on the edge of wetting almost the entire time. I leaked a few drops as I battled intensely against my body privately.

It was very very obvious I was incredibly bursting to pee and I am amazed I never burst! I took a few pics to share.

Ps. I sleep in just my knickers.

$$

$$

$$

*003*2019-03-21 12:49

{{6 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Maybe you could discreetly hide a small jug or large cup near the bed.. Next time might be more than a leak.

If the bathroom is occupied, you can still get releif

}}

That’s a possibility but I do love holding so I quite enjoyed the challenge

