My secret burstings

Author: Allegretto

*000*2016-03-08 18:49

My first real omorashi exeriences started when I was a student at university. Like all students I enjoyed my beer and the route back to my student room from our favourite watering hole meant walking along a fairly lonely path through some woods. At first I made a point of ensuring that I went to the toilet before leaving but one night I decided I wanted to see how it felt to leave the bar really wanting to go and walk back with a full bladder. About halfway back the inevitable happened and I discovered the joy of desperately wetting in my denim. Since then I have done it many more times and have variously enjoyed wetting shorts on a warm beach at night, sitting on my verandah and letting the floodgates open, boozing and desperately letting go while doing the ironing (it helps with the boredom) or just sitting watching the tv until I get to nearly 10 and then flooding my jeans standing in the bath.

I have often wondered what has made me want to do this and I think it all goes back to when I was between 10 and 14 when various incidents occurred which I will describe over several stories. One memorable time was when I was 11 or 12. I love music and our school choir was taken to the nearby cathedral for the morning to practise for a concert. I was really exited about this as we were given our places in the choir stalls and it sounded so good in that acoustic. Now I was the sort of kid who used the toilet every break to make sure... Sometimes I didn't particularly need to go, sometimes I did moderately and on other occasions I really needed it, but I avoided risk taking at secondary school. Time passed quickly and I suddenly realised it was time for morning break. I knew there was a public facility across the road from the cathedral and decided I would go. 

However, we continued practising the end of break came and we just carried on. Fortunately it was one of those days when I didn't particularly need to go so I resigned myself to holding on until lunchtime. 11.15 came and I did want to go. My school mates all seemed fine, which made it worse, but I just crossed my legs and enjoyed the music. 11.30 came and my now swollen bladder need more support supplied by putting my hand in my pocket discretely. By 11.45 discretion went out of the window and a full crotch hold was needed. I was 8 or 9 out of 10 and the last 15 minutes were a struggle. At the end I left the cathedral, ran across the road where the urinal was taken by 2 elderly men who sensing my desperation, moved apart to let me in. One of them asked if I was ok. I said I was very politely and informed him that I was desperate having not been since 8.30.

When we got back to school, we were called to a meeting. Our music teacher decided we needed another morning practice and that it would be the next day. I panicked. Suppose it turned out not to be one of my good days in the bladder department. Anyway, I had an idea. Sometimes after school I had to go to swimming club for lifesaving training. We had to bring clothes so we could get in the pool fully dressed. So that night, when I packed my school bag, I put my old black jeans (which under a coat might not be recognised as not being my uniform trousers) and my speedos. When I got to school the next day, I went to the toilets to change out of the proper uniform, put it in my bag and went to the cathedral with the others, wearing my long rain coat (it was winter) and we started practising like the day before. As I feared, nature was not so kind to me this time.

I felt a moderate need at breaktime and once again we went through. My legs were crossed just before 11am, hand was in my pocket by 11.15 and I was doing the full willy hold by 11.30. At 11.45, I knew I was entering unknown territory. I had never held my bladder to this point before. I carried on holding knowing I was 9 out of 10 and surprised myself that I was still dry by 12, but it was agony. Then our teacher decided we needed to practise processing in and out. I did this with my hand plunged deep in my pocket and actually the marching served as quite a useful pee pee dance. We were then told to go to a side chapel as one of the clergy wanted to say a prayer.

By the time we were there I was truly at 10 plus and there was a short wait for the priest. He came, told us we were singing beautifully and told us to put our hands together and close our eyes. We had to join in the Lord's Prayer. As I said the first words, a massive shudder went down my body, I lost complete control. It lasted the whole prayer and felt so good. I think the hissing sound was lost in the sound of the praying and at the end I just abandoned my puddle, ran across the road and changed in the public toilet cubicle. I went back to school as if nothing had happened and managed to 'wash' my jeans and trunks on the way home in the local stream. Not even my mum realised!

