Intense public wetting

Author: Jonnaywets

*000*2021-11-09 20:57

So I am still baffled that I was even able to do this

**disclaimer, if wetting in front of people offends you please tune out, I have heard your point and I disagree with it**

So to the story!! So I have these omorashi cycles I’ll call them. Every couple of weeks I get charged up about wetting my pants and I am right in the middle of that. In fact I do things I would never think I would ever be able to do during these “cycles” I am a man by the way, so the cycles don’t correlate to any actual bodily function so it’s just an odd thing that happens to me. The reason I am explaining this is because this story surprises even me. I just got home from one of the most exhilarating and daring public wettings I have ever done. I was feeling extra naughty so I drank loads of water, put on some light colored jeans and I headed out.

My plan was relatively usual for me. I was going to wet my pants at the store like I usually do and try to dodge the people with my wet pants. I have no clue what came over me but here it goes. I loaded up on water and actually got genuinely desperate. I was driving my car and I was starting to get distracted by my aching bladder so I found a Walgreens pharmacy as my target. As I am pulling up I am already loosing it. I let out one involuntary spurt and I was hardly able to concentrate on parking my car. I arrive at the store and I run in to the back where the bathroom is usually in Walgreens and there is a key pad on the door knob and a sign that says “out of order” or something to that affect. I start to leak again in front of the bathroom door. So I go to find an employee to see if there is another bathroom. I go to the front desk and see a cute guy behind the counter and I say exactly this.

“Is there another bathroom here? I am like peeing my pants!” He hops over the counter and leads me to the bathroom and I just let go. As him and I are walking across the store my legs get wetter and wetter as I pee myself. We get to the door and he unlocks it for me. And turns around and sees my wet pants I say “yeah I am like not making it” and he goes “you’re good”. I don’t think he fully noticed at this point but my pants were soaked down to the ankle. And I get to the urinal and finish my business in the urinal. But my pants are totally soaked. Now this is the crazy part. You think mission accomplished right? I just did a super daring and embarrassing “accident”.

Nope I have no idea how or why I did this. I wash my hands, exit the bathroom and I notice that he is in a little break room. As I am passing the door way I go, “we tried dude” and I chuckled a bit and he goes “what?” I then proceed to stand in the door way and say “we tried” and I laugh and look down at my pants and then he starts laughing. So we are just to guys in a store laughing about my soaked jeans. I say “ have a good night!” He says, “you too!” And I exit the store! Here’s the real kicker. With the exception of the end of that story, I got it all on film!

