First wetting experience / shy bladder

Author: AlphaShepard

*000*2019-04-18 19:44

So this actually happened a few months back, but I wasn't on this forum then, so I'm sharing it now.

So I've only been into omo for a couple of years, if that, but since I live with my retired mom who's almost always home, I don't really have much chance to experiment with it.

My first opportunity came up around Christmas time, when my mom took a weekend job at a craft fair. I knew she'd be gone for the majority of the day, so I'd have plenty of time to hold, wet, and clean up.

So the holding part isn't all that remarkable. I basically just goofed off on my phone until I felt the need to go. I wasn't desperate, but I was looking more for the wetting experience than the holding one, so I figured it was good enough.

Since it was my first time and I wanted to minimize the mess, I changed into an old pair of panties that I'd been planning on throwing out anyway, and climbed into the shower. I actually recorded myself, too, but I later got a bit ashamed and deleted the video. (Don't worry, I made another one for my second experience that I'll share later!)

Okay, so I'm standing in the shower in my panties, and this is the point where I remember that I've actually got a pretty shy bladder. I've also got a vagina, so peeing while standing up doesn't come naturally to me.

So instead of trying to hold back my pee, I actually spent a good half an hour to an hour trying to make myself pee! (Guess the chances of me having a genuine accident are pretty slim, if I can't even pee on purpose!)

Anyway, I did eventually manage to pee, and once I started, the rest mostly flowed out. It was an interesting experience, but it wasn't as satisfying as I was hoping it would be.

After my second (much more successful) attempt, I was able to look back and learn that my biggest mistake was skipping the desperation step. So lesson learned, I guess!

*003*2019-04-24 16:15

{{19 hours ago, Low-Key Friar said:

You could probably make yourself have an accident if you tire your bladder out, do the milanova challenge, or do a slow buildup and get your bladder bursting full.

}}

I actually did the milanova challenge for my second try, which I'll be writing about soon!

{{19 hours ago, Toady567 said:

Desperation is just as enjoyable as the release. I love to feel the tension build. The pain feels good especially when you think about the release. The feeling of warm pee flowing out of your body, soaking you clothes as it runs down your legs is amazing.

}}

Yeeesss!

