A whole evening of fun (female)

Author: Rileyy

*000*2017-12-19 09:22

Im new here but ive been lurking for a while. This is my first post so im sorry if it sucks.

I was with my family when it started. Me and my family all get together at my parents house over the winter break to have family time. Their house is very large however so it wasnt crowded. Anyways that evening i was feeling like i wanted to do something omo related. So i made coffee. I was cooking dinner ehile sipping my coffee and at first i didnt feel anything. I kept drinking and enjoying myself until about an hour and a half in when i felt a twinge from my bladder. No big deal i wasnt going to quit now was I. I slowly got more and more desperate until the first spurt came

I was wearing sweats and a t-shirt (casual) and was hoping. Nothing showed. I made a wuick glance at my nether regions and everything seemed to be ok but i felt myself getting really desperate and knew there would be more to come. I wanted to refill my coffee mug and so i slowly rose from the couch and tried to walk but on my first step a spurt gushed into my panties. I kept walking acting as if nothing had happened but as soon as i got behind the kitchen counter i grabbed on to try and relieve the pressure. I then looked down to examine the damage and saw a small but noticeable wet spot on my sweats. I then decided enough was enough and went to the bathroom.

Well that was the plan anyway. I didnt want to use the bathroom right next to everyone because it would be super loud and awkward so i had to face the stairs to get to the upstairs bathroom. I got up the first step and felt a dribble trickle out of me. I grabbed on to myself and kept climbing, determined to make it. I had to pee so bad at this point. As i ascended the stairs I felt dribbles of pee release and felt my hand start to get a little more wet. I reached the top landing and sighed a sound of relief. That moment of distraction was enough to send a spurt into my sweats. I coiled over and held on bht the wet spot was becoming very cisible now and i was barely holding on. The combination of being over tired and tons of coffee was really putting my bladder to work. I trudged across the hallway determined to get to the bathroom. I reached the door and felt another spurt. I opened the door and saw the toilet.

My bladder just let go. Pee just started gushing out. I ran over to the toilet as fast i could to minimize the damage and felt the sweet relief of pee gushing into the toilet. The damage was bad though so i had to change. No one noticed however. Right now as im typing this its later that night and i still have the caffeine jitters. So sorry for any typos, my hands are like shaking right now. Thanks for reading!

*003*2017-12-20 16:56

{{23 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Sounds quite fun! Rather hot actually, that you would get so desperate and wet around family..

}}

Thanks! they are oblivious xD

{{11 minutes ago, Hurdyra said:

Good work Riley. I enjoyed reading that.

}}

Thank you!

*005*2017-12-20 19:22

{{8 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Well, maybe it can happen more often!

}}

@xD. I want too but i dont know what to do next...

*007*2017-12-20 19:32

{{3 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Drink enough to get desperate and see what happens..

}}

Alright. Ill see how long i can last

