Peed pants in Front of friend

Author: Dthompson

*000*2022-04-30 06:24

Ok so back story - I’m at a local park in Nashville walking around late at night playing some Pokémon go. I texted a friend and her him know I’d be there and he said he’d be off work soon so he’d swing by.

I had been out earlier that evening and was wearing grey/blue shorts, tighty whities, and a white shirt. I stopped to do a few laps at the park to play Pokémon and get some walking in. After 40 mins and 2 miles later my friend still hadn’t shown up (no biggy we didn’t have anything planned it was sort of a if you’re free situation) and I had to pee (about a 7 out of 10) so I went to my car. I got in and said I’d wait another 10 mins just to see if he messages. About 10 mins to the dot he messages and apologizes that he’s just finishing now and headed over. I joked that I had to pee and was about to leave but I’d stay for a short bit if he hurried.

Thankfully he showed up not long after, turned out he had a long day of work so I was just standing at his jeep while he just stayed in the car and we talked and played and just hung out. Meanwhile I’m starting to do a subtle pee dance and passing grabs of my crotch 8/10 but thankfully he couldn’t see. I made a comment about having to pee again and he just laughed it off. This went on for another 30 or so minutes with my need to pee increasing by the minute. I was shifting around a lot now and he commented that it looked like I was trying to dance. I was at about a 9.5 but was now embarrassed so I stopped moving to not draw attention. That’s when it happened. I leaked. I cursed under my breath and grabbed my crotch and leaked again.

This time he saw and you could see slight wetness around my hand. I needed to pee right then and there and it was coming out whether I wanted it to or not. My face flushed red and he laughed and said go run behind the bushes (maybe 200 feet away). Thankfully it was night so it was dark out where I could hide behind a bush. I leaked again and he told me to go run and that he was gonna head out anyways. I said bye and took off. I got maybe half way before I just started going. I couldn’t hold it any more. I ran behind the bushes wiped it out and finished peeing but the damage was already done. Then as I started walking back towards my car my friend turned his car directly towards me with his high beams on dying laughing.

His only comment was “big oof - a little old to be wetting your pants” in between laughs.

I was mortified but also super turned on and told him it was his fault he showed up so late.

That was it and we parted our ways sadly but still a great night.

$$

