Desperate With My Partner

Author: Likealemon

*000*2020-04-11 06:21

Hello there! So this week has basically been a series of me getting distracted from the omo fiction I've wanted to write for a while. I'll have some fantasies written up on this forum eventually, but, in the meantime, I hope you'll enjoy an entry from my memory bank! This is one I can remember with extreme clarity, since it's one I go over often in my best fantasies. So, strap in, this will be pretty long.

My current partner is amazing, and everything I've ever wanted in a man. Ever since I hit puberty, I've had a thing for "soft boys", and he nails it. He's not only sensitive, shy, playful, and sweet, he's also devilishly handsome in the nerdiest way possible. If you think of Jeff Goldblum in Independence Day, or Adam Conover in a sweater and slacks, that's his general aesthetic. We've been together about 2 years now and it's been the happiest time in my life, but this story is from when we had only been together for a few months, when we were still a little reserved around each other, and before he knew I was into omorashi.

Our hometown has a superb annual city Summer arts festival. They shut down a portion of downtown that includes a park from dawn to dusk, and dedicate it to local artisans, dancers, performers, musicians and actors. They start off the day with small-time theater performances, and then they go on to allow buskers and living statues to do their thing while people wander around eating ice cream, deep fried delights, even full meals that the local immigrant population is known for, and shopping at stalls run by regional craftsmen. As the sun sets, they light up the main stage for the city's larger musicians and bands. I bought one of my most prized possessions there one year, and met some wonderful friends. It's a great place to make memories, and for myself and my partner on that day, it was a great place to go on a date.

We weren't going to do the full day, instead choosing to stroll down the little paths hand-in-hand in the park, buying some little crafts, some jewelry, and sampling some delicious food. We had some fantastic local lunch and dinner specialties, some deep fried ice cream with deep fried Oreos, sundaes, and soft drinks. Since he was driving, I got to help myself to several bottles of our resident brewery's limited-batch beer. Between the beer and my partner's habit of always keeping well-hydrated, we eventually noticed that the city planners must have drastically underestimated how many people were going to be there. 

There were only five port-a-potties to service a crowd of about 2,000. The park's standing bathrooms had a line going around the building for both sexes, and we both had to pee. We had looked at the set list for the evening's musical performances, ultimately deciding we weren't dying to see any of them, and here we made our first mistake. We decided we weren't going to stand in line for the bathrooms, rather just head to a nearby Starbucks where we were planning on meeting some after the shows, grab a table, and use the bathroom there.

As we drifted out of the festival, we made our second mistake. The Starbucks was about 15 blocks away, definitely walkable but not the shortest trip. Between both our growing needs to go, and my sleepy half-drunk fog, we instead opted to drive. It shouldn't be a long drive, we thought, it's after rush hour, we'll be headed away from the mainstay of traffic, we'll be fine! Spoiler alert: We were not fine. What should have been a 20-minute walk turned into a 40-minute drive, between one-way roads, the roads cut off to redirect traffic towards the festival, general Friday-night chaos and just the sheer number of people. My partner and I tried to keep each other distracted, talking about other things, cracking jokes, but somehow it always came back to "Fuck, I need to pee." I was in worse shape, since my lust for the whole situation made me feel every little twinge around my crotch more intensely. 

I could feel my urethra burning while I clenched, trying my best not to hold myself in front of this sweet new boy I'd been dating. I took a moment to steady myself and stare out the darkening window; in the reflection I saw my partner grab his dick and squeeze, trying to be subtle while I stared out at the city's lights. That certainly didn't help either situation for me. Finally, we got close enough to the Starbucks to start searching for a parking space. I was getting really desperate, so I asked if he could pull over and I could jump out so I could run in and grab a couple seats for us while he found somewhere to park. He obliged, and I jogged the rest of the way over, trying hard not to jostle my bladder full of beer and soft drinks.

The Starbucks was packed, beyond what I was expecting. Wall-to-wall people, crammed around tables and talking in such a din, you could barely hear the employees shouting drink orders. I let out a near-inaudible groan when I noticed the line of about 10 people long for one of the two single-stalled, all-gender bathrooms at the back of the restaurant. I joined the back of the line, my bladder throbbing against my tight-fit jeans, just ready to burst. I was still tipsy, and that didn't help matters. 

I tried to keep my eyes ahead, but, as people in various states of distress joined the line, I couldn't stop thinking about people losing control, finally letting go and wetting themselves. The hot woman directly head of me was wearing a purple pencil-cut dress and high-heeled boots. She clearly really needed to go, as her hips kept swaying and she'd shift from foot to foot. In my haze, I could only imagine her finally giving up, a line of pee from her dress to the floor and down both legs, filling those huge boots. None of this was helping, as I was now horny, tipsy, and desperate.

After about 10 minutes of leaning on the wall, deep breathing, and banal chatter with the people around me about the local football team, I was finally at the front of the line. The woman in front of me in line came out with a satisfied smile on her face I tried hard not to notice, and I did my best to stay nonchalant, resisting the urge to dart into the bathroom I needed so badly. I can still remember this in great detail, as I stepped up to the threshold, a voice chimed in my ear, "Can I come in with you?"

It was my partner. He must have found a place to park and rushed in.

"Why?"

His reply came in a quick whisper, "I don't think I can make it through the line."

"Yeah, c'mon." I ducked in and stepped aside so he could follow me and shut the door. As soon as he got the door locked, both hands shot to his crotch.

I was surprised, having never seen him so shameless before. I still fantasize about him that night, looking up at me and pleading, "Can I go first? Please. I'm already going." The last part in a pitiful whisper.

"Yeah, sure." I put aside my own desperate need for the toilet, and leaned against the sink, bracing for what was about to happen. He rushed over to the toilet, fiddled with his fly, pulled out his leaking penis, and let go a roaring stream of pale-yellow pee into the water. He whimpered, steadying himself against the wall, as my own bladder and clit throbbed together. I crossed my legs in a delicious agony, watching in awe as he pissed for at least a minute and a half. Finally, once he finished, I couldn't take it anymore. 

Before I could even get my zipper down, my bladder exploded into my jeans, and I had no hope of stopping it. I wrenched down my clothing, darting to the toilet before my partner even had time to step away, and relaxed completely. He said something along the lines of "Whoa, you had to go," but I was too wrapped up in my own relief to pay attention. I gushed into the toilet, at least matching him in noise if not volume. He went to wash his hands, and I sighed and swore to myself, feeling every little drop flow out of me, and my bladder lifting away from the nerves around it.

Once my stream became a trickle, I realized exactly how much I had wet myself. I flushed red, noticing the basketball-sized stain on the front of my jeans, and embarrassed at just how aroused I was. Had that been my own bathroom at home, I would've laid on the floor and just gone to town, but for now I had to deal with the situation at hand. I cleaned myself up (near impossible with how wet I was but I managed), flushed, and washed my hands while my partner watched the ceiling out of respect.

I ended up just going out into the Starbucks with my wet jeans, since there was really no way to deal with it. My sheer black top barely came down to cover my belly button, and there was no hope of using it to cover the stain. Being the middle of Summer, we were both in short sleeves without hoodies, so it wasn't as though I could wrap something around myself. My partner walked in front of me to the table, to lessen the number of people who gave me funny looks. A few spritzes of perfume so I didn't smell like pee, and we were ready to hang out with our friends while I covertly let myself dry under the table.

At the risk of this turning into an absolute novel, this was the event that finally got me to tell him about my kinks. Omorashi isn't my partner's thing, but he will occasionally indulge me and put on a show of getting desperate and nearly wetting himself. It's done nothing but great things for my sex life, and I'm glad I let him know. Hopefully this wasn't too much of a wall of text, I just personally love this experience and it's a common memory to go over. Thanks for reading and I hope you liked it!

*002*2020-04-11 09:15

{{48 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Thanks for sharing that is an amazing experience and no wonder you keep replaying it over and over in you head.

}}

Absolutely! I'm glad you enjoyed it.

*004*2020-04-12 04:32

{{15 hours ago, hawk2002 said:

A wonderful memory and I'm glad for you, in that your partner indulges your needs...

}}

He's amazing! I count my lucky stars every time I'm with him.

