Sometimes I surprise myself

Author: Dunney

*000*2017-07-29 12:28

I knew I was going to be wet last night. I began drinking water and coffee early, and a glass of wine as well. I put a towel on my chair and watched women piss themselves on vk. I wet my pants, and overdid it because my carpet got wet and I'd rather it didn't. I found out when I put my foot on it and it squished. Then I continued watching women pissing in their beds and their panties until my bladder refilled. While I was waiting, I kept drinking, The glasses were fairly small, so I wasn't taking in much at any one time, but it turned out to be plenty overall. 

Eventually I dived into bed and let go. I felt piss wicking under my calves and up my flanks to tickle my armpits. I was wet. Later that night, I woke to feel that the water I had drunk had done its work, I pissed again, and soaked my whole body. I repeated the process later, with another bladderful, this time listening to the splash as the piss hit the puddle I was lying in. I splashed it all over myself and lay there totally content. I was drenched.

Clean-up wasn't any worse than usual. The washing machine and drier are wonderful. I can't wet tonight though. I've got visitors coming in the morning.

*003*2017-08-01 06:14

I always wet my bed deliberately. I haven't had an accident in bed since childhood. I have substantial plastic sheets top and bottom. The mattress was expensive, and I don't want the duvet soaked either, though parts of it have got wet from time to time through my turning in bed. The top sheet tends to wrap around me, and drags the duvet with it.

*005*2017-08-02 07:10

A great report from a man after my own heart.

