Wet my shorts during my flight

Author: theGAME777

*000*2017-09-30 01:32

Ok So I recently was on a flight returning home from Chicago. As luck would have it I was running behind schedule (mainly due to traffic getting to the airport) and worst of all the food and drinks from lunch were starting to catch up with me and I had to pee. But since it wasn't bad and i was already running behind I thought to myself I'll just hold it in. Till I checked my bags, went through security, and got to the gate it was just in time to board the plane, no time to visit the restroom. So I boarded the plane and took my seat.....and that's when it hit me! I had no realized just how full my bladder was until now and I now had to pee REALLY bad! Unfortunately since the plane was readying for departure the restrooms were unavailable. I sat with my hands over my crotch, discretely squeezing myself to help hold it in. As luck would have it there was a delay in departing of about 30 minutes. I sat in my seat discretely squeezing my member like a little boy to hold all of my pee in.

FINALLY we began to taxi towards the runway, but my pee felt like it was on the tip of my dick and about to come out in my shorts. As the plane began to hurdle down the runway I felt a wave hit me and I began to dribble in my boxers. I clamped down hard to stop the flow. As we took off I looked down and saw a softball sized wet spot on my shorts. I thought to myself, it's ok. Nobody noticed. They'll turn the seatbelt sign off and I can go.....unfortunately they never did. As they served beverages I knew that there would be no way to get around them even if the seatbelt sign wasn't on.

As we began our descent I felt another dribble escape, as the plane landed on the runway another, and as we taxied to the gate yet another. Surprisingly nothing got on the seat, and even more surprising was that no one noticed the now dinner plate sized wet spot on my shorts. A dribble escaped as we filed off the plane and yet another as I walked through the airport. I finally made it to the restroom where I peed for a solid minute straight. Afterwards I checked the damage. The front of my boxers were totally wet and my shorts were wet part ways down my thighs on both legs. I thought to myself oh well nothing that I can do about it now, so I walked to baggage claim, retrieved my luggage, and walked to my car, all with thoroughly peed up shorts on.

*004*2017-10-01 19:07

I know I was just as surprised as anyone that no one said anything about the fact that my shorts were wet. I chatted with another person in the baggage area and still nothing was said. I even discretely snapped a picture of my shorts after my accident. It's not like it wasn't noticeable.

$$

