Sister-in-law accidental wetting on vacation

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2017-04-14 17:47

Wow, so it has been since 2011 that I actually posted something. I've still lurked from time to time but have been busy and nothing great worth posting. Older, we have a kid now, Joy still sometimes indulges me by wetting for me on special occasions. I've written about my sister-in-law (SIL) before but now she's in her mid-20s, still hot as all get out, tight body runner with 32D breasts (I've seen one of her bra tags), tiny waist, firm butt and legs... the works. The type of girl guys fantasize about - and I have...

Anyway, we took a family vacation to visit relatives out of state and SIL and her husband and Joy and I and our kid flew up and other family met us there, so it was a big group for a week. Towards the end of the week we were staying in the house and a bunch of them decided to play the game "Watch Ya Mouth" - where everyone has these weird plastic things that go in your mouth that hold your lips apart and then you try to speak and your team-mate has to try to understand what you are saying and get the word correct to get points. I was not playing, just sitting off to the side watching and playing on my phone. The playing group was nearby at the dining table and having a good time with lots of laughter.

I could see SIL clearly from my seat. As her next turn came up I watched out of the corner of my eye as she tried to speak with the mouthpiece in and kept laughing at the results. The more she laughed the more she fidgeted around in her chair. She was nearly to the point of crying a minute or so later and then she suddenly shoved her free hand down to her crotch. She was laughing very hard, face red, tears on her cheeks, knees sqeezed together and bouncing. Finally she was able to make a noise that wasn't laughter, 'I 'eed!" she squealed. Nobody could understand her and most were still laughing. She said again, "I 'eed! I 'eed! I 'eed I ants!" Finally the others realized what she was saying and more laughter ensued. SIL took the plastic thing out of her mouth and wiped away slobber and tears. More clearly now she said, "I peed my pants! I'm not even kidding, y'all!"

Everyone else was just amused, but I was completely enthralled and aroused. My wife was across the room from me and we caught eyes and she just grinned and rolled her eyes at me. Someone told her to go to the bathroom, so she pushed her chair back and stood - everyone still laughing. She pulled her hand away briefly and on the front at the V of her crotch her jeans were dark, though barely noticeable from the front. She turned to head to the bathroom in the hall, with her back towards me, and from that angle the results were obvious. Her butt was wet on both cheeks and her upper thighs for a few inches on each side like an inverted heart shape with the point facing up near her middle butt. This was no small leak - it was quite a big leak. 

She hobbled quickly to the bathroom, which more loud laughter from the crowd as they each as her soaked butt in turn. SIL spent a minute or two in the bathroom emptying the rest of her bladder and came back out red faced and embarrassed. She walked past us all to the stairs near my chair to go change, giving me a good long look from both front and back as she approached and passed me and then went up the stairs with her butt facing me almost directly. I was completely hard and throbbing and wanted nothing more than to follow her and masturbate into her soaked panties, honestly. My wife watched me watching her sister leave and texted me. "I'm guessing you enjoyed that, huh?" I replied, "Honestly, yes. Of course. It doesn't matter that it is your sister. Or mean anything." She said, "Ok. I trust you." I smiled at her and she smiled back.

SIL came back down the stairs a few minutes later in new shorts, still slightly red and sheepish. She got some good-natured ribbing, of course, but out of love, from the rest of the family. After they had resumed playing their game for a while I went upstairs to "use the bathroom" myself. I quickly ducked into SIL and her hubby's room and looked around but saw nothing. I went into the shared bathroom and closed the door only to turn around and find her jeans and panties in a pile on the floor by the tub! 

I picked them up and examined them, taking in the size and shape of the wetspot on her jeans, how her grey cotton panties were soaked and dark from just in front of the crotch to halfway up the butt. I sniffed them but there was barely any scent of urine as she drinks a lot of water. They were no longer warm but now the cold, clammy dampness that comes after a wetting. My cock was throbbing at this point. I couldn't believe I got to see my hot SIL wet herself like that and then be up-close-and-personal with the wet clothes.

My phone buzzed and it was my wife, "Need a hand?" I replied, "Absolutely." I hurriedly put the wet jeans and panties back where I found them, as close to exactly the same as I could, and went out into the hallway to wait for Joy. She came up the stairs grinning at me. I didn't try to hide my erection from her. She just laughed quietly and shook her head. "What am I going to do with you?" We kissed and I grabbed her and pulled her close and pressed against her. "I can't help it," I said. "I know," she replied. "For what it's worth," I said, "I'm sorry I get this way even though it was your sister." She said, "It's ok. I understand. Now, how do we get you not 'this way'?" She pulled me into our room, closed the door, and took me in her mouth to relieve my tension, which she did in no time at all.

