Peed myself at an amusement park

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2017-09-18 06:01

I went to an amusement park with my wife and her family. This day i was wearing a tshirt and a cute pink skirt, just above knee length. We(just me and my wifey) were waiting in a rediculously long line for a ride that was actually moving consistently. I guess about halfway through the line i felt the urge to pee, but the way the line was moving, i could hold it. Well when we were getting close to the actual ride the line just stopped. I have no idea why, but it stopped completely for 30 minutes. 

After a little while i told my wife "i actually have to pee kinda bad." She smiled a little and said playfully, "well good thing we have this water bottle because i dont think we're going forward or back." Which wasnt a lie because it was a thin space we were in. Eventually the line started moving again and we got to the ride. I got in the front of the vehicle. This worked out for me, because after the big drop, o got soaked, so i peed a little to relieve myself of the pain. After the ride which was super fun, my wife asked me if i still had to pee. I did. In fact, i felt the urge stronger then than at the beginning of this when my bladder was full. we went to the nearest bathroom and waited in line there. I actually made it to the toilet and as with any full bladder experience, it felt so good. I would like to fill my bladder THEN get in a line next time, but not make it obvious beforehand that i have to pee.

