My Bad Influance

Author: buggy2013

*000*2016-12-21 23:35

When I was young I had one friend outside of my siblings and cousins. She's been my best friend since I was 10. She was also my worst influence. She showed me how to look things up online, was very sassy, and had little to no parental supervision. Therefore, mischief was always had at her house. Keep in mind we were between 10-14 with all of this. None of ot was sexual, simply naughty.

I think it started with our competitive nature. "Anything you can do, I can do better" mentality. She had a tendency to tell tall tales, and one day was telling me about how while she was at summer camp she held her pee in for three days. Of course I called bullshit on the claim and assured her that not only was it not possible, but Even I could beat her at holding my bladder. (A stupid claim to make as I actually had awful holding skills at that age.) She decided to make it a contest to see who was right. And thats how it all began. I lost the first game btw, with only a bottle of water and an hour's wait.

We had holding contests as often as we could manage. Usually you lost if you gave up and went pee first. We rarely peed in or pants unless her mom was working and we'd be able to get them in the wash undetected. I learned that I had good volume but horrible stamina. She had the reverse problem. I started winning by challenging large volume and waiting her out. Obviously this helped my stamina increase. I remember she was a fan of sitting on her heel and bouncing. She would grind and jiggle and turn into a hot mess when she was desperate. I always preferred the pacing around or swaying in my seat method.

We got naughtier as we both realized that we enjoyed the games as our favorite competition. We would go for best time, measure volume, measure puddle size. One time when we were sure we'd be alone we stacked towels and judged winner by how many we soaked through. We got riskier and started making punishments for the loser. If we were to do some of the same stuff now there's no way it wouldn't turn me on.

One time she decided that the loser would have to let the winner sit on their lap to relieve themself... I'm sure she thought she was going to win that round, she tried so hard to win that one that she was in tears shaking when she had her accident. Then I gloatingly added my mess to hers with a 'nice try' as if I wasn't two minutes away from losing it myself. We peed on every inch of her property I swear, from our fort in the woods to gushing while we rode the tire swing, and don't get me started on the trampoline... Looking back I realize that she matured quicker than I had due to some earlier childhood issues, so some of it (particularly the riskier/naughtier things that she insisted we try) might have gratified her in a different way, but to me they were games... Games that I'd desperately like to play out with somebody now!

*004*2016-12-22 00:52

{{12 minutes ago, AD51 said:

I take it you two are no longer in touch, which is unfortunate. A part of me wonders if she's would ever have been on this site.

}}

We actually are still very good friends. We have dinner together at least once a month! She fell out of the habit, I assume finding the gratification she was after when she became sexually active. She changed schools and we both got very busy in high school, only real reason for the 'drop off' of our activities. When we had time to spend for each other again she'd outgrown the whole thing

