Reawakened Desire

Author: YesIamThatDan

*000*2014-08-19 06:45

Hey guys, this is my first story, but it's a good one. It's the story of how I became reunited with a little part of myself I didn't know existed, but would come to love.

According to Sigmund Freud, there is a period during childhood when one is sexually active (though not in the traditional sense), followed by a period of sexual latency, followed by a (lifelong) period of sexual activity. Though Freud's theories have been largely discredited, the aforementioned example was definitely true for me.

When I was younger, I had a pull-up that I would pee into every time I needed to go while at home. I kept it in my closet until it was time to go. When that magical time came, I'd pull out the heavy parcel, put it on under my pants, and sit on the toilet. The feeling of urine running down my thighs was a feeling I loved, though I couldn't explain why.

After a while, my mother found it and disposed of it, and that was the end of my experience with wetting.

More than a decade later, I found myself on the beach with my younger brother Ryan and younger sister Kate.

"I'm bored," Kate moaned.

Finishing the last of my Coke, I made a suggestion. "Bury me in the sand, standing up, with only my head showing. That'll be fun!" I said.

"Heh, but only if you can stay there for an hour," Ryan said, challenging me.

"Piece of cake," I replied with a smile.

Minutes later I found myself stuck, completely unable to move anything below my shoulders, as my siblings ran off behind me to do other beach stuff.

That was when the bladder pangs started. The sand was putting pressure on my bladder in the most uncomfortable way, and I knew I was going to regret that second Coke.

Looking around, I could see nobody. The beach was practically empty. I tried to shift my focus away from the pressure, but to no avail. I closed my eyes and began to hum a tune. I hummed, whistled, and frantically beatboxed until a voice came from behind me.

"Hey, Ryan told me to tell you that you've been here for half an hour. You okay?" It was my dad. I was saved! Wait, no! I couldn't tell him I was about to pee myself! I'd never live it down.

"Y-yeah, dad," I said, knowing I didn't have much time left. I silently prayed he would leave.

"Are you sure?"

"Yup, all's well here! (Gasp) Nothing happening, all good." A small amount of pee leaked out from the tip of my penis, making a tiny hissing sound. As with everyone who's had an accident in front of other people, I was sure he could hear it.

"All righty then," he said. I could hear him walking away as a bit more pee sprayed the inside of my bathing suit. I exhaled sharply, trying to keep it in.

Frantically, I struggled against my gritty bonds. I knew- and my bladder knew- I didn't have more than a minute. I squirmed. I kicked. I begged God for relief. Finally, after an eternity, I was granted it.

A stream of urine burst forth from my penis, spritzing my bathing suit, followed immediately.by another, then another, which blended together to form a strong, steady flow. I sighed in utter relief as my bladder emptied its load into the damp, cool sand. My waist now felt perfectly warm and wet. It was like being in a womb.

But now a new feeling overtook me: pleasure. I felt relieved. I felt giddy. And most of all, I felt hard. I didn't need to see to know that I was quickly becoming erect. I shifted my weight in the sand. Thrusting my waist forward in an attempt to free myself from my heavenly confines, I was surprised to feel the hot, heavy sand move.

This gave me a bit more mobility. Eager to escape and ready for more, I thrusted into the sand, which gave way a little more.

After about ten thrusts, I'd created a little conical indentation in the sand, which closed on top, creating a tight space around my erect penis. Biology told me to keep going. The sand was warm and wet and tight and beautiful. Soon I was on the edge. I gave a final, huge pelvic thrust and came with the intensity of a thousand suns.

And so concluded the experience that reignited my love for wetting.

