All day today!

Author: LivingOmo

*000*2019-10-24 03:30

I’ve been wetting my panties all day now and having a ton of fun. Some of the adventures were posted in Live Action already so I’ll skip those parts, but wow its been so fun to have the day to myself and feel it running down my legs, and soaking my clothes. I just peed a few minutes ago when I descide to turn it into a hold. So now I get to have both flavors in one day! After a full day of drip drip dripping I’m going to have an evening to squirm. Maybe I’ll even have an accident, but thats doubtful since theres no way I’ll let myself pee in the toilet when I’m having this much fun. I love making a day of omorashi!

*001*2019-10-24 04:10

I couldn’t hold it barely at all. After a lot of dancing and squirming I bent over and soaked my shorts. It splashed all over my ankles. I moaned when it happened it felt so good. I’ll still leave my panties and shorts on. They feel amazing. I’ll probably wet them again in an hour or so.

*003*2019-10-24 04:16

{{2 minutes ago, mypeesecret said:

Well that didn’t take too awful long! Were you still in the same shorts that you wet from the video earlier?

}}

Yeah I am. And it didn’t take long at all. I have a tiny bladder already, and then after all days’s little pees? Oh yeah I couldn’t begin to help it. I stood up and moaned and everything went straight through me.

*005*2019-10-24 04:24

{{1 minute ago, mypeesecret said:

Sounds pretty amazing! Have you had any experience with bedwetting? With all the wetting today and being able to wet yourself freely it can creep into your dreams or even subconsciously affect your ability to stay dry. Plus if your curious or kinda wanting too... just putting it out there. Doesn’t hurt to be prepared just in case.

}}

Bedwetting videos and the thought of it really turns me on, but I try not to because laundry is a pain when you have to walk to the laundromat. Also, I don’t want it to become subconscious. As much of a fantasy it is to have accidents, it would suck to become literally incontinent.

TLDR: I wish.

*007*2019-10-24 04:40

{{5 minutes ago, mypeesecret said:

Lol, not too long at all. I get what you mean. I feel the same way about it, definitely a strong turn on, definitely creates a lot of laundry, and you can end up riding a fine line between deliberately wetting the bed and having accidents. Once I had my own place with a washer and dryer I got some bed protection and have really been able to enjoy it.

}}

My boyfriend has been really supportive so far but I don’t want my fetish to go beyond his boundaries so I will probably never sleep wet, since we always sleep together.

