A fantasy I dream while I wet myself

Author: Supersoak

*000*2021-09-06 15:00

Hey everyone this is my first post and the first time I share with anyone so here it goes. Just so you know I'm writting this in bed, in my pajamas and still haven't gone for a morning pee so we will see what happens

I have this re-occuring dream / fantasy about taking a girl home and when we get into the bedroom start making out while on top of her. (With our clothes on) After a while of kissing and playful biting she can feel me grinding and we squirming against her so she asks if I need to go pee. I tell her yes but we continue to make out anyway. She senses this and sits up as if to hint its ok to go to the bathroom but the more I need to go the passionate and intense the making out becomes. I whisper in her ear I don't want to stop and she whispers back than don't. As she sits on the bed up against the headboard I stand above her and start grinding my penis and hips against her breasts while I become more and more desperate......

Speaking of... there is a lot of pressure building from sitting up and writting this... my bladder is going to be quite full...

I can see that she is getting really horny too so I press myself against her and let out a big enough spurt to make her feel some wettness on her breasts. Her facial expression tells me she is surpised about how warm it is. She giggles and say you are so naughty. I let out another spurt and I hear her moan and then another escapes out. By now I am fully desprate and i can feel her hands gripping my butt, she wants to be soaked.

Omg i just spurted... and now I feel really desperate, I am definetly going to be squirming while i write the rest

Finally i give in and I relax, my hot pee immediately begins gushing through my jeans and over her breasts. We both let out a moan as my thick heavy stream of pee envelops my waist and cascades down her body and begins forming a puddle underneath her butt. After what seems like forever stream becomes a trickle than finally stops but not after we are entirely soaked. She then seductively says "my turn" and I lie down on my back while she straddles my hips.

Oh jeez i just let out a very big spurt, i wasn't sure if I was going to be able to stop it this time. There is definetly a very noticeable wet spot on the front of my pajamas.

As she straddles me she whispers "i really had to go for a while, i hope your ready to get really wet" as she squirms against me. Like i can literally feel her desperation by how bad she is squirming. I put my hand to her crotch and start rubbing as she fights to contain her pee. She presses her wet breasts against my face and then I feel something warm and wet trickle through my hand.

I just leaked a little more and the wetness is only making me more desperate...

That trickle turned into a torent of hot pee. At first i can feel the warm wetness flow over my crotch but then slowly i feel the wetness traveling up my back as it forms a warm puddle underneath me. She moans with pleasure and relief as she empties every drop she has, grinding against me as we both orgasm.

Well I think I will leave it there. So far I made it! Still holding on but barely... if i stop squirming i will probably just utterly soak myself uncontrollably.

$$

