Star Bucks wetting 2

Author: Ivy1989

*000*2017-01-30 05:23

It was Boxing Day, and I was to meet a girlfriend today, Sarah. I've been experimenting with omorashi, to try it, but unfortunately I've lacked the enthusiasm say a few people have towards it. So I decided as one of my final last attempts, I thought I'd hold it after my morning pee and let it build. I was meeting her for 3:00pm and it was 7:00am, so I had some time lol I don't know if it's customary to say what I was wearing, seeing as many forums most people do some and few goes into full detail ^.^So I'll go into detail, I wore a black dress that comes to my knees,beige stockings (or pantyhose), black lace thong and a shrug that wraps around my waist. I did my hair in a thick braid and draped it over my shoulder. Luckily it's been busy =),

The first 4 hrs flew by fast, and I had a few cups of coffee. I was visit family, poking fun at my cousin, he attempted the xbox lol I sat on the couch and crossed my legs and put my hand between my thighs, I felt the need to pee, it was uncomfortable. We decided to watch a movie, I got my cousin the despicable me movies with minions, omg it's funny! Laughing did not help my urges! After I survived the movie still dry I was thirsty, but feared to consume any liquids right now =SI had to sit there until everyone left the room, it was 1:15pm, only 45min to go, it was the longest 45min of my life, now my bladder was screaming at me for relief lol ^.^ I reminded everyone I had to meet someone so I left. At least the feeling subsided for a bit, until I got to the mall.

I seemed to have a habit about having accidents at the coffee shop, and I'm about to have one in the public eye. It was 2:30pm, I had it, I couldn't do it anymore, I was walking around and slowly let pee out. I could feel it roll down my leg, semi un noticible. I was constantly looking back and forth but the mall was busy I don't think anyone noticed (or acted as if they did). More pee shot out, but this time it was making obvious streaks down my nylons. It was a struggle to keep it from flooding, but it was starting to turn me on, the pressure and being sneaky. I wanted to let it out but I think I lasted 3 minutes? I had to move and that was a challenge within itself.

I went outside and stood behind a corner "texting" with my legs spread, and suddenly, sweet sweet relief! Pee came gushing out, the pressure and release made me gasp but I laughed, made some verbal comment about a meme to a few people that heard me. Some got on my dress but luckily it was black. By this time honestly, the pressure was a huge turn on, and slowly letting it out, trying to hold it in. I sat on the bench and took my loafers off and quickly took off my nylons and went to meet Sarah, where I consumed a bottle of water and coffee, I was thirsty ^.~

*005*2017-03-07 00:02

I know =D

