Overflowing Bottle

Author: SirGinger

*000*2017-10-08 21:10

Me and 2 of my friends are at a mall none of had been to before. After walking around for a while I started having to go, and the moment I started needing to go, I really needed to go. I told my friends I needed to go (both knew very well that I would prefer to pee myself, but they don't want to walk around a mall with someone who's pants are drenched in piss,) and we all started trying to find a bathroom. After about 5 minutes we still couldn't find one, so one of them hands me an empty water bottle, and tells me to go around the corner, an they will make sure nobody sees. I go around the corner and slowly start pulling my pants down, and then start to pee in the bottle. As its filling I realize that it's gonna be more than what can fit in the bottle, but I can't get it to stop.

I start whispering to my friends if they have another bottle, and one of the hands me one. So I quickly swap the bottles to avoid getting to much on the floor, but before long this one has filled too. I ask for a third, and they hand me a third bottle, but then that fills over too. I ask for one more, but they say that they've ran out. I really don't want to ruin the floor, but at this point I'm out of options. The pee starts pouring out of the third bottle and onto the floor, my friends at this point are just watching me more than making sure that nobody else sees. By the time it's done, it looks like it would have been enough to fill more than two more bottles, being the huge bladdered person I am. My friends tell me to go back to the car while they finish looking around. I'm currently sitting in the car waiting for my friends to return.

*002*2017-10-08 23:58

{{2 hours ago, MissSpurt said:

Oh wow, pretty shit that they didn't have enough bottles. Pity you were in public so you couldn't just wet.

}}

Well, actually, I prefer public wetting over private, but my friends really didn't want me to do so.

