Relief? Forgetaboutit!!!

Author: Lotus

*000*2019-02-11 03:21

Ok, so, a long time ago, I shared a story of my new life living with this on and off bladder control. Honestly, it's more annoying than I ever imagined. Once in a while, it's fun.... or should I say hilarious?

Look at me, (No I'm not Mr meeseeks) 6'1", fit as hell cuz I'm a carpenter, my company shirt and still nice dark jeans. Like almost black, but also still blue. I don't look like someone who more than occasionally pees his pants. Gah. But here I am, and this here story, is my turning point. There is no going back, screw my body

Wednesday, if all stories were on Wednesday, and I'm just finishing up a basement job. Trim, flooring, finish stuff. Normally, the morning is a good indication that I should wear protection to avoid a wet drive home, but I had no indication, so I figured I was good. No problems, finished what I was doing, with time to spare even.

The old lady I was finishing for, offered to buy me lunch.... well dinner, but I didn't have lunch. I had not drank much of anything during my work stay and I was hungry. So sure, what are we having? Wendy's. Yes please!!! Mushroom swiss burger and large fries!! I told her not to worry about the drink, but to her that must have meant, I'm thirsty, cuz it came in large... AND SHE GOT ME A LARGE FROSTY!!!! All that together, and I was just running the clock until I was bored. Good day!

So, I have an hour drive on the freeway home... highway? Whatever, it has exits. But it has like 6. Somehow it's always jammed. But today, nope, it was cold, it was icy, it was he'll.

I stopped at the rest stop to pee like fifteen minutes later, and nothing. Waste of time. So back to driving i go. Pass an exit, pass an exit....Slow down, snail was speed traffic. Whatever, I put on my YouTube playlist, turn that shit up and sing along.

Now 20 minutes later, and that frosty must have fought up with me, cuz I felt like someone poured water right into my bladder. Bam. Ok, whatever, ok Google, how far from home am I and where's the next exit.

"You are 36 miles from home, and the next exit is 28 miles away."

Ok, I can make that, I think to myself. Not really confident, but I hold and go. Fricking really though, I thought that exit would never show up. I went from uncomfortable shifting, to fidgiting straight into "crush that thing, I don't want to pee in my new truck".

As I pulled off the freeway onto my last 12 miles before home, I was frantic, where could I stop? Should I just go on the side of the road? Firstly, McDonald's was about 8 minutes off, second, where can I pee on the side of the road with roadguards set up so close? No where to pull over, I chose McDonald's.

Dooooom. I was just doomed. Like a minute later, it was like slowly turning a faucet. I started with light dribbles, like a hamster waterer, if you tap the metal ball to make water come out. Then just forcefull leaks. I'm not far, but my pants are now wet. McDonald's appears! Yes please! I pull in, driving one handed, park like a jackass, and run for the door.

Make it to the bathroom? Ha, you wish, foolish mortal. The moment I touch that front door, I Start peeing. No resistance, no stopping. Body pee now. Also, then I panicked. This place is close to home and it's packed!! Crap. Like five second hesitation and I can feel my socks getting wet. It's dusk now, can I wait, who's here. No, it's done.

I slowly walk back to my truck, peeing, leaving footprints as I go. I stand by my truck, finish peeing into my pants and just laugh. Hearty, deep ha's of wasn't that funny. I look down at the unique trails on my jeans, shake the pee from my shoes, put a trash bag on my seat and head home.

Two questions?

What does a very caring sister whom I live with(And her husband and kid) have to say when I walk through the door?

What does said kid say when she sees her uncle walk in drenched in pee?

3, was it steamy?

My sister is nothing but concerned as I gather cloths for a shower, seemingly unfazed. Doc appointment? For what the same thing as last time? Why waste the money?

Yes, as I wet myself, there was a very pronounced pee fog about me, and that did not help my hysterical laughter. Then to top it all off, after a lovely relaxing shower, I exit the bathroom to see my lovely niece, wide eyed, looking at my shoes pouring the pee from inside into the sink.

Yay me.

