Couldn't hold it at the supermarket checkout

Author: mugfulloftea

*000*2022-02-13 14:15

On Friday evening I was chatting to another omo guy on Discord. He was doing a hold, and I took great delight in teasing him that the toilets were locked, there aren't any other toilets, you'll just have to hold it, etc.

I had to go to the supermarket at some point that evening, and I told him I slightly needed a pee. It hadn't been long since I last peed, and he suggested I had a weak bladder.

WHAT. I do NOT have a weak bladder! To prove it, I drank two glasses of water before I left for the supermarket, and I didn't use the toilet even though I normally would have done. After chatting a bit more I said I had to go to the supermarket now and I'd be back in an hour. I didn't expect to wet myself, just be mildly uncomfortable. I'm a grown-up, I can hold it, right?

At his suggestion, I wore some tight skinny jeans that would show up any leaks. No problem, I thought. I don't even need to go that badly, I'm not going to wet myself in the supermarket, am I? I sent him the picture and set off for the supermarket.

$$

There was just one problem... I'd done a big hold the previous day and wet myself several times, so my bladder WAS perhaps a bit weaker than normal, and it had also got very accustomed to emptying itself into my clothes. A few times earlier in the day I'd had a sudden urge to pee and had to stop what I was doing and go to the toilet. Perhaps that should have been an early warning sign.

As soon as I got in my car I was already regretting not going to the toilet before I left. I don't think there was a massive volume of fluid in my bladder, but it was urgently nudging me for release, a bit like when you don't need the loo that badly but your need suddenly increases when you walk into the bathroom and see the toilet.

Anyway, in about 5-10 minutes I arrived at the supermarket. At first I was fine, just going round the shelves, taking the things I needed and putting them into my basket. But before long I realised my situation was worse than I thought. I noticed I was deliberately avoiding standing still, and every time I did have to stand still to take something off a shelf I instinctively crossed my legs. By the time I'd got everything I needed, I realised I was occasionally grabbing myself with my hand as well. My urge to go was getting very intense.

I only had a couple more items to get, and while I found them I couldn't stand still. It was like the pee was slowly forcing its way down my urethra in spite of my holding it.

I thought, oh god, I can't piss myself, I'm in a supermarket, there are other people around... for some reason it was busier than it usually is in the late evening, so it wasn't even quiet. I distinctly felt a spurt gush out into my pants as I did an awkward curtsy while putting the last thing I needed in my basket. I looked down at my jeans and thankfully it hadn't showed through yet, but I needed to pay for my stuff and leave, NOW.

I speed-walked to the self-checkout, hoping that spurt had bought me some time. It hadn't. As soon as I stood at the checkout and was no longer walking, I felt my piss spurt in my pants again and I couldn't stop it. This time the spurt was a few seconds long and there was a wet spot on the front of my jeans. I was facing the self checkout so at least nobody could see it directly, but at some point I'd have to turn around...

I tried to stand as naturally as possible and scan all my items, but I was so tense and on edge that I must have looked very uncomfortable. I could feel my face blushing red and my legs quivering as with each item I scanned, a few more drops dribbled out despite my efforts to hold it in, please, just hold it in, just for a few more minutes.... oh god, it felt like everyone was staring at me even though in reality they were probably just minding their own business and hadn't noticed... well, hopefully!

I looked down and realised my wet patch had grown. I crossed my legs firmly but it didn't help, except to stop them wriggling. I was still spurting, right there at the supermarket checkout with a load of people walking past. I just had to scan my stuff as quickly as I could and get out of there.

By the time I finished scanning and paying, the front of my jeans had a big wet patch. Luckily it hadn't gone all down my legs or on to the floor, and I don't think anyone actually noticed or said anything, but it was definitely visible. I got back to my car, and... well, you can see what it looked like. I guess it could have been worse!

$$

I was all right driving home, because I'd leaked enough to relieve the pressure, but as soon as I walked in through my front door I just started pissing uncontrollably and couldn't stop.

$$

It was a genuinely accidental wetting, but it was my fault for deliberately skipping the loo break I needed. With that and the fact that I'd drunk two glasses of water that I shouldn't have had, I realised I'd totally deserved that deeply uncomfortable public humiliation. Next time I'll make sure I go to the loo beforehand!

*004*2022-02-18 00:04

{{2 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Going to the supermarket really desperate and try to hold it at the checkout is so sexy and naughty, because when you are already standing in the line and everything is already on the counter, you just can't back out of this situation, no matter how bad you have to go. There are only 2 options, to hold it or pee your pants. And peeing your pants at the counter is really embarrassing. Not only cashier will see you do it, also all the people waiting behind you. Don't forget about surveillance cameras also. Well, there is also 3rd option, telling the cashier it's bathroom emergency and run to the bathroom, if they even have one for customers, leaving everything on the counter.

}}

Yes, that was it - I was stuck there standing at the checkout, with no option but to squirm and hold it. Fortunately I used the self-pay checkout so there was no cashier, but there were quite a few people around. I'm just glad I managed to hold on enough that the whole gushing down the legs, glistening jeans flood could wait until I got home!

