I told my GF

Author: Jonnaywets

*000*2021-06-28 03:40

So this story is more of maybe an inspiration for anyone on the fence about mentioning their naughty kink to their significant others. Just as the title says I told my GF my biggest deepest darkest secret, that A I would love to see her wet her pants and B I love to wet my pants. So here’s how it went. A couple of months ago I did a test run I mentioned to her that I have this kink that for some reason I get turned on by her full bladder and she was very receptive and understanding. But I was super nervous to tell her the rest of the whole kink, really the main embarrassing part or the less “normal” part about it. This took months I debated “should I really tell her?” I read stories about other people telling their significant others and finally I would find an opportunity to just say it.

We usually have these “sexy talks” where we talk about our sex basically like a report card I guess. We share new ideas of what we want to try and so fourth. I told her, hey, I have this thing that builds on the full bladder kink I mentioned earlier. My heart started to race and my mouth immediately got dry I almost couldn’t go on. What would she think of me??? We have a really close relationship we communicate really well and we respect each other. We have a really healthy relationship so I figured I could tell her the one last thing she doesn’t know about me and I did it. I said I like to watch women wet themselves and she was like “uhhhhh you like what???” I said yeah I know it’s odd but it’s me its something that I have know about myself for as long as I know.

And she was like “so if I peed my pants, it would turn you on??” I nodded yes, nervously. She goes “huh, that’s NOT what I expected you to say.” I was not going to tell her this fact but she asked me. “Do you like to pee your pants?” And I almost lied and said no but I was in deep so I said yes. She was more interested in that. She was like so where do you do it?? I drew the line at this question because I like to wet in public and I just don’t think she wants to hear about that. So I said I wet in my shower (which I do, do from time to time).

She was I understanding and said “people are just into what they are into, no judgment here.” She did say that she doesn’t know if she will be able to partake but that is totally fine with me. I think I’ll be able to convince her one day. The experience made me feel so much closer to her and I totally recommend doing it if you think you are at a good stage in your relationship. One major take away you shouldn’t expect them to try or be totally down because we have to be self aware and realize that to people who aren’t into it, it is something that might actually make them feel gross and definitely not sexy. So all I am saying is try not to get too disappointed if they aren’t into it because unfortunately most likely they are not. The end!!

