Weak bladdered ex girlfriend - the road trip

Author: sttl88

*000*2018-05-31 22:38

Hey guys, this is another story about my weak-bladdered ex girlfriend, but also her (not identical) twin sister. This first part started as a brief intro paragraph before a road trip we all took together but it seems to have developed into a slightly longer story. I’ll continue the road trip story below - one of the best holidays of my life :)

For background, I had already known the family for a long time and they were all very comfortable around me. I have tried to remember the details as accurately as possible!

——————

One summer I went on a road trip to the South of France with A, her sister (i’ll call her Emily), brother and father.

Now Emily was blessed with the same wonderfully weak bladder as A. On her first day in college I happened to be round at their house when she was on her way home. I was sitting in the lounge when someone started banging loudly on the door. I got up to answer it and I could hear Emily through the door whimpering and moaning

“Shit, shit no” and “come on please come on”

I opened the door and she was crouching there on the door step, brown hair swaying around her freckled face, hazel eyes wide open in desperation. She had on a grey pleated skirt and a white blouse and was grinding herself down on to her heel while grabbing at her crotch with her hands. I could see wet patches all over her skirt and her legs were glistening with pee.

“Oh thank fuck” she whimpered but didnt get up immediately

“Can you open the bathroom door for me? I need a wee so so bad” her voice was shaking and she seemed on the verge of a breakdown. “If I stand up i’ll wet myself”.

I looked down at her shaking desperate, wet form grinding on the doorstep and nodded mutely

“Oh god please hurry” she thrust her hands back into her crotch and a new dark patch emerged on the front of her skirt

The bathroom was right next to the front door so I stepped back, opened the door wide so we could both see the toilet.

“Ohhhhhhh god” she whimpered and started grinding into her heel with extra fervor. The glimpse of relief had clearly pushed her even further into frantic desperation.

Evidently she decided that there wasn’t going to be a moment where she gained control more completely.

“Fuck this” she said and pushed herself up off her heel. The instant she stood up and started to make a run for the toilet, pee exploded out of her. I could hear it hissing as it splashed into her panties and I could see it running in torrents down her legs. She dashed to the toilet and pulled up her skirt. Her white panties were completely soaked and I could see the outline of her pussy and a small patch of dark hair. Pee was pouring through her panties and on to the floor.

She looked up and saw me staring

“Close the door you pervert” she said with a cheeky smile, putting her hand to her crotch to try to hide what I had already seen. All this did was make pee pour around her fingers.

Reluctantly, I closed the door. Whether I could have got away with keeping it open I don’t know but I thought about it a lot!

When she finally came out, all she said was “not much made it in to the loo” as she bounced away upstairs.

Anyway, that was the intro to Emily, a few months after that the road trip started!

