The time I had to reroute a taxi

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-08 11:49

I’ve been driving many years but this one day my car was in the garage for its annual MOT (yearly check). I didn’t time it very well though as as I was walking the mile home from the garage I realised I needed to do a grocery shop. Checking I had my purse and cards with me I decided I would do the shop and get a taxi home. It was morning and I had had breakfast and a shower and taken my kids to school. I always as force of habit carry bottled water with me so I was walking and drinking as I detoured slightly to the nearest big supermarket.

I grabbed a trolley and started my shop realising that the more aisles I went down the more we actually needed. Filling the trolley with fruit, vegetables, meat, bread, fish, yoghurt and everything else I was aware the tea I had for breakfast and the water I had subsequently drank were both working their way through my kidneys and filling my bladder. I wanted home before the garage called though so carried on and never thought much about it.

It was 40 minutes later than I was finally at the checkouts as I loaded my goods onto the belt and crossed my legs. I would definitely go to the toilet as soon as I was back home, probably before I even put the shopping away!

Pushing the full trolley out the store I almost forgot I didn’t have my car as I tried to remember where I was parked. Remembering I needed to call a taxi I returned back into the shop to find the free telephone. I crossed my legs as I picked up the receiver and it dialled automatically.

‘Taxi for Anderson please. Asda Woodstock’

‘Where to?’

‘Highfields estate please. Thanks’

‘Shouldn't be too long’

I hung up and made my way to the taxi waiting area. As I stood I hoped it wouldn’t be long as I moved a little from one keg to the other not wanting to make it obvious I was not bursting for a wee.

A taxi pulled up and a name was called. It wasn’t mine. I squeezed my thighs together and waited.

Another taxi arrived. Another name was called. I moved around hoping it wasn’t obvious that I was nursing a full bladder and getting more and more desperate.

Yet another car pulled up and another name was called. I’d now been waiting ten minutes and I was getting more and more antsy. I pretending to check my bags so I had an excuse to move around but I was outside the huge glass windows of the shop and in a very busy car park so I didn’t want it to be obvious that I was getting more and more concerned at how urgently I needed the toilet.

As more people came after me and their vehicles came I was starting to get frustrated. I couldn’t go back into the store and use the ladies for fear I would miss my taxi when it arrived so I had no choice but to wait it out. 20 minutes after my taxi had first been called I was standing crossed legged and squeezing myself hard. People long after me where getting their cars and yet here I was still waiting.

Getting angrier and more desperate by the minute I took out my mobile and called the taxi company. They apologies profusely saying they had forgotten to call out my car and they would do so right now. I hung up and waited some more.

Finally a car arrived and my name was called. The driver helped load my bags into the boot as I climbed in the front pressing my thighs tightly together and leaning forwards tensely. I told him my address and he sighed.

‘Just been there. Did you know the lights are out at the crossroads at the factory? Causing mayhem so it is. Hope you ain’t in a hurry Mrs!’

I wanted to cry. Hurry? I was bloody desperate to wee and had been waiting ages! The pressure between my legs was crazy as I leaned forwards and rubbed my thighs. I was so embarrassed but really worried I might have an accident in this poo man’s taxi!

As he put his seatbelt on and pulled up his hand brake I could feel myself leak a bit into my cotton knickers. My face must have went red or I moaned or something because the driver turned to me and asked if I was feeling ok.

Embarrassed and stressed as he started making his way out the store car park I whimpered and whispered.

‘Just really desperate to pee that’s all.’

The taxi fell silent before the driver quietly said as he checked the big roundabout was clear, “Baldy like?’

’Yeah’ I whispered. The roundabout was clear so he pulled out onto the next road.

‘is the junction really that bad? Its usually just a five minute run too.’

’It was ten minutes ago when I was last there.’

I sighed as I rubbed my thighs again and tapped my foot as we approached a mini roundabout..

‘They forgot my call. Been waiting ages for you too. This is really embarrassing but is there any chance you could maybe head back to Asda so I can run in and use the loo? I know it will cost more but I’m really struggling.’

The driver slowed at a give way and looked at me before indicating to go right round the roundabout.

‘No problem. I just had the car valeted yesterday so Asda it is.’

I never regretted rerouting that taxi because when we got to the junction the driver was right and there was absolutely no way I would have held on while we waited in the queue. I had waited longer than I thought I could as it was!

That had been a very close call that day!

*002*2021-06-09 14:49

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

Wow I love this story as knowing the way you can wait and wait and hide your need it shows you must have been beyond your limit to ask the driver to go back Like that! I love the way you describe in such detail it really is a great account of a super close call! I hope the relief made up for any embarrassment

}}

It absolutely did without a doubt and was well worth the extra money the taxi cost!

*005*2021-06-09 18:35

{{1 hour ago, nappypants said:

I guess it would have cost you a fair bit more if you had visited the ladies’ room in the front seat instead!

}}

True but something I would never ever do! Ruining property is not something I could ever do. Peeing outside maybe but not ruining or damaging anyone’s car.

*009*2021-06-09 22:33

{{1 hour ago, Bluesman59 said:

That’s what diapers are for, IMO.

}}

They do nothing for me so not something I would consider.

*012*2021-06-09 23:03

{{Just now, China Girl said:

I mean they do soak up pee rather than it going all over the seat. That is objectively something.

}}

I have very personal reasons for not liking nappies and I do not in any way find them sexual at all. In fact they do the complete opposite for me.

*014*2021-06-09 23:10

{{1 minute ago, China Girl said:

I'd be interested to know why. I'm a pretty big proponent but some people really hate them.

}}

My reasons are deeply personal and not something I wish to disclose on here but each to their own. I am here to share and enjoy desperation and I chose to avoid anything nappy related.

*017*2021-06-09 23:46

{{29 minutes ago, Padded_girl said:

Great story! What would you have done if you were in the middle of the traffic jam full of cars and nowhere to pee? Have an accident in the car or get out and pee at view of everyone?

}}

The taxi wasn’t far from the store so I knew it would get back there before I got home. That’s why I rerouted it rather than risk the jam.

*019*2021-06-09 23:51

{{1 minute ago, Padded_girl said:

But i mean if you wouldn't have rerouted it because shyness or the driver not wanting to reroute?

}}

I would have had no choice but to hold then. I wasn’t going to pee in someone’s car.

