A new challenge I did

Author: Babedut123

*000*2021-05-19 08:03

The Challenge.

You have to binge watch your favorite tv show (I choose season 4 of how I met your mother. It took around 9 hours) with the following rules.

1. No bathroom breaks

2. During every episode you have to empty a 500 ml water bottle

3. (Optional) no changing of clothing

___

My story

I’m laying on my couch on top of several towels to minimize the damage.

Episode 1. (0 minutes since last pee)

I started it with an empty bladder, and managed to drink the water bottle pretty fast.

Episode 2. (22 minutes since last pee)

No need to go to the bathroom yet. I once again managed to empty the water bottle within the first half of the episode.

Episode 3. (44 minutes since last pee)

For the first time within the challenge a started feeling a slight need to go (2/10)

Episode 4. ( 1 hour and 6 minutes since last pee)

After drinking 2L of water my desperation level hit a solid 5/10

Episode 5. (1 hour and 28 minutes since last pee)

My desperation grew and grew to the point where I couldn’t really enjoy the show anymore (7/10)

Episode 6. (1 hour and 50 minutes since last pee)

3L of water (probably the most I’ve ever been drinking in 3 hours) I’m not even able to lie still anymore. I’m constantly grabbing myself in a futile attempt to win the fight over my bladder. (8/10)

Episode 7. (2 hours and 12 minutes since last pee)

At the beginning of episode 7 I start leaking. The first leak was a quick spurt of about 1 second. I felt the warm feeling of my panties dampening. Less than a minute later a few spurts lasting about 5 seconds left my body, at this point i knew it was only a question of time before I’ll uncontrollably soak myself. And 8 minutes and 31 seconds into the 7th episode it happened. My bladder couldn’t take it anymore and let it all out. The relief was amazing and the warm felling off the pee turned me on like noting else. My pants where absolutely soaked.

Episode 8 (10 minutes since last pee)

After having totally soaked myself I started over filling my bladder, waiting for my next “accident”

Episode 9 (32 minutes since last pee)

I started getting hungry (a girls gotta eat) towards the ending of the episode I already felt the familiar feeling of a slight urge to pee. However this time I thought to myself “screw it”

I squatted over the already wet towels, and purposely let out a 10 sec ish stream rewetting my still soaked pants and panties, before going out in the kitchen to make a sandwich.

Episode 10 (4 minutes since last pee)

Comming back after having eaten I started the show again. However after 2 wettings I simply had to rub one out to relieve some pressure

I am doing a skip here to avoid making the next part to monotonous.

Episode 11-15 drinking, watching, drinking watching....

Episode 16 (1 hour and 54 minutes since last pee)

I started felling uncomfortable 8/10 and lost focus of the show due to my aching bladder.

Episode 17 (2 hours and 16 minutes since last pee)

I managed to hold it through most of the episode, but drinking the water bottle was tough. Near the end of the episode, out of nothing, my body betrayed me and let it all out, so I wet myself like a little girl for the third time today.

Episode 18 (1 minute since last pee)

Had to rub one out again...oops.

Episode 19-22

Drinking....drinking....drinking

Episode 23 (1 hour 50 since last pee)

I hit the spot where focus goes from the show to my bladder, but I knew I only had one and a half episodes left and set myself a goal. Hold it for the remaining time.

Last episode 2 hours and 12 minutes since last pee.

I started out on a 9/10 and quickly lost hope in reaching my goal. And soon after I peed my jeans for the fourth time today.

Epilogue: I enjoyed the challenge and can recommend it to every omo lover. Please comment what you think and if you’re going to try it to with your favorite show.

*005*2021-05-28 17:32

{{On 5/25/2021 at 12:27 AM, Roguepoet said:

I love this so much your so detailed and so naughty!. My only question is if you rub one out while desperate does it make you loose control?.

}}

I usually do it after losing control.

{{On 5/26/2021 at 9:13 AM, ilikeadultvids said:

Hmm. This sounds amazing. I love the rule where you don't change until it's over. If you followed your 500ml per episode rule, did you really drink 12 liters during that time?

Also, did you have to poop? I know that's my limitation for holding. I'm not into messing, myself.

I do also like the idea of additional challenges with forfeits. I used to do these all the time years ago and thought it was just a me thing.

}}

I actually found out the bottle only contained 40cl so it ended up being closer to 10L but emptied it every episode (wasn’t easy)

