Sleepy leaking disaster

Author: soggysarah

*000*2020-01-27 17:37

So a few months ago I wet my bed for the first time in my life that I can remember due to having a holding session the night before, which led to me waking up just moments before I lost control. The feeling of that wetting was amazing, but I was also embarassed and panicky about it because it wasn't planned like my usual omo escapades and my bed isnt protected so I don't wet there for fear of the cleanup.

Regardless, Ive been thinking back to that wetting ever since and have even considered getting a protective sheet so I could try it again safely. I've had several mornings where I've woken up with the usual morning bladder pressure and fantasized about just letting it go again right there, though of course I don't.

Yesterday started off as one of those mornings. I woke up, a bit earlier than usual and still a bit sleepy and groggy, and noticed right away that I needed to go. Nothing unusual of course, being first thing in the morning, but I was all bundled up and warm with no need to be awake so early and my thoughts drifted back to my previous bedwetting. I remembered the anxiety and fear as I lost control, the panic and adrenaline running through me as I heard and watched my bladder empty into my sheets and mattress. But the release had been orgasmic, and if not for the immediate dread I experienced when I had finished and realized what I'd done I'm sure it would have been a much more rewarding experience.

I thought about that as I reached under my covers currently and rubbed my bladder and then my crotch, remembering the orgasmic feelings of relief and naughtiness I had experienced between all the shock. The thoughts had me excited, and my horny brain started talking to me like a devil on my shoulder. How about a little leak? Just a quick spurt or two? I didn't seem overly desperate despite my need to go, and intentional leaking is something I'm no stranger to. Besides, I had worn sweatpants to bed, which were heavy and absorbent. Maybe a leak would calm my urge so I wouldn't have to get up yet.

I rubbed myself a bit more to these thoughts, then pulled my hand free from my pants and prepared to let out a squirt. I felt my body tense a second, followed by a small spurt. I could feel it briefly warm my crotch and peeked under the covers to check my pants, but nothing had leaked through. Satisfied, I relaxed a bit and allowed myself another, and felt the second leak come out in a tiny trickle that reached my leg. I stopped it again and checked the outside of the crotch of my pants with my fingers, but aside from the squishy feeling within my sweatpants still showed nothing. Confident in my ability now to leak and hold as I pleased, and feeling safe with my still-dry pants, I pulled the covers snugly around me and decided to leak just once more. I tightened up, prepared for it, and squirted it into my panties.

Everything seemed fine at first, as I stopped it just like before. This time, however, my urethra burned, and my bladder twitched in protest. A smaller spurt suddenly followed, quick and unexpected. I clamped it off and tightened my legs, holding my breath for a second, but then I felt another trickle, faster now than before. I clamped down again, my rational mind finally starting to kick in, but I only managed to slow it down rather than stop it completely. I quickly wiggled my covers off and sat up in the bed to control things, but as soon as I went from laying to sitting my bladder tightened and dropped.

The innocent trickle was now a stream that was flowing freely into my clothes, pooling around my crotch and thighs and seeping around to my butt. I shot my hand into my crotch and clenched with both muscles and fingers, but it only resulted in wetting my hand. I removed my hand, now dripping, and began to push off the bed to get up and make a dash for the bathroom, but the second I tried lifting my butt from the mattress my bladder had enough.

The trickling stream became a forceful gush that sprayed into my panties, soaking through the already damp material in seconds before moving on to my pants. I was partially lifting off the matress as this happened but the force of the release pushed me down, plopping my soggy bottom back into contact with my mattress. A wet hissy splashing sound rose up from the bed as this happened, along with the familiar smell of pent up morning pee. My mind raced, excited yet panicked, as I sat there dumbly flooding myself, knowing I was well past being able to stop or move. I looked down, watching my supposedly absorbent sweats go dark as I piddled in them relentlessly, a dark blue stain spreading beneath me on my baby blue sheets, signaling another disaster for my mattress.

I sat in my hissy stinky haze for a good forty seconds before it stopped, finally ending in a tiny trickle much the way it started. I moved into cleanup mode before even assessing the damage, knowing damn well I had a code red event on my hands. The cleanup was easier with my experience from the first time, but I won't get greedy with my horny leaking again.

*010*2020-01-29 05:10

Thank you all for the kind words. Should I share more of my experiences?

