Desperate in the Tent while Camping

Author: NaughtyGirlNix

*000*2021-05-03 11:45

Hello everybody I'm new to the site, although I've been reading stories on here for ages.

This happened to me recently, and it's the first of many personal stories.

We went camping as a family to a pretty decent campsite. We left on the Friday and because I had to work, we only left quite late in the evening. Obviously we got there later than everybody else, and we rushed to set up our tent. Our tent had a queen size blow up mattress, as well as a single mattress. The single mattress was meant for my son to sleep on.

Everybody that was there had already been drinking most of the afternoon, so once we'd set up our tent, we joined the group and had a few drinks.

Alcohol goes right through me, and I have a small bladder which results in me making many bathroom trips. Unfortunately, our campsite wasn't very secluded so there was nowhere for me to go without risking being seen, so I had to walk to the toilet every time.

That evening, my son went to sleep on the blow up mattress, so I agreed that I would sleep on the single mattress. Our tent was quite full with bags and blankets and it was cold, so we had more blankets than usual.

I woke up in the early hours of the morning absolutely dying to pee. I got up and tried to open the tent zip, but it got stuck. I kept getting tangled in the blankets and couldn't get this zip open. My partner was lying in the queen bed next to my son, and he refused to get up to open the tent door and said he was too cold to get up.

I eventually managed to stand up properly, but at this point I was so desperate that I was dancing on the spot. I tried to get the tent open again, but soon realised that even if I got it open, I would never make it to the toilets and I didn't want to risk my family seeing me pee outside.

I gripped my crotch hard and told my partner that I couldn't hold it anymore. He wasn't interested and said I must make another plan.

Luckily there was an empty bowl in the corner of the tent that we hadn't put on the table outside and I grabbed it, and ripped my pants and panties down.

The pee gushed out of me, and almost filled the bowl. I had to leave the bowl in the tent until the next morning when we could eventually manage to get the tent door unzipped.

