Wet the bed at camp

Author: small-wet-kitt

*000*2017-07-19 05:45

When I was (I think) 12 and just started middle school, they had this camp thing for the sixth graders on the weekend after the first week of school. Me and my best friend Kiara were lucky enough to be in the same cabin for this and we were kind of excited.

I had been to this camp before for summer and the thing was that bathrooms were very limited. There was one in the cafeteria and one in each cabin. So when we were out doing things all day, we were kinda screwed.

It was the second day of camp and we were leaving the next day. We were having dinner and I had 2 glasses of sweet tea. I was going to go to the bathroom in the cafeteria but decided not to since we were about to leave.

When we got back to the cabins, we each had two minutes in the shower (because there were like 20 of us in the cabin and two showers) and while I was hurrying to get done, I forgot to use the toilet. I didn't have to go too bad but it was uncomfortable at this point. I decided to wait until everyone was done showering.

Once lights were out, we weren't supposed to get up (my 12 year old dumbass self didn't realize bathrooms were an exception) so I just decided to wait until the counselors all went to sleep.

This of course did not work out.

This one counselor, her name was mrs kelly, was the last one awake. I had her at summer camp before twice and she literally despised me, like, she threatened to send me home once because I jokingly called my best friend an idiot. Anyway, she was awake and on her phone, and it was getting to the point where I was about to start leaking. So finally I just stood up and started to walk over to the bathroom, but mrs kelly immediately told me to go back to bed before I woke someone up.

I just did it and decided to go to sleep and maybe I could just go in the morning. So I went to sleep and woke up an hour later to my bladder aching. I shoved a hand between my thighs and guess who was still awake :’) I turned over and switched positions a few times to try and keep it in, but then I realized I didn't want mrs kelly to realize I was awake. My eyes were filled with tears from how bad I had to go and finally I just couldn't hold it anymore. I let go and completely soaked my leggings and sleeping bag. Since no one found out I wasn't embarrassed, I was just a little annoyed. I went back to sleep and in the morning I just rolled up my sleeping bag since we were leaving today. I was wearing black leggings so I was able to shower and change without anyone noticing what had happened. A few years later I ended up telling one of my friends who was at the camp but not in the same cabin but other than that no one found out.

*003*2017-07-19 19:16

{{2 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Thanks for sharing, I've had some harrowing camp experiences as well, how did you keep people from finding out?

}}

I had worn black leggings to bed so it wasn't obvious, and I was one of the first to wake up so I only had to keep it from like 3 people.

{{2 hours ago, steven820 said:

My heart goes out to you. Most people only have a single embarrassing accident. Your posts are so well written really enjoy reading them, thanks for sharing

}}

This one wasn't really embarrassing for me since no one found out until years later (and we just laughed about it then). But thanks :)

