Prime Suspects- May

Author: Aloe

*000*2018-09-25 18:50

Hey guys, I thought I might elaborate on a one of the ladies, which I had mentioned in another thread, that I suspected of being into omorashi on some level, based on a summary of events, and a few specific experiences in particular.

We’ll call her May; she was more than likely into pee desperation, and possibly into messing herself as well. She wore glasses, had a cute face, and was like 5’4” with beige skin, and respectable assets. She was adorable, and we would flirt on and off whenever we saw each other. She always struck me as a sweet girl, and I didn’t want to corrupt her, which I totally felt like I would. It wasn’t until later though, that I saw she had a naughty side to her.

We were at the beach one day, with a few other friends, and she couldn’t help but mess with a few of our sleeping friends. She actually drew a dick with sunscreen on one of their backs, and let them get sunburned in the shape of said dick. That was my first cue that she wasn’t so innocent. My second cue was when she decided it would be a good idea to slap my ass. I told her, jokingly “I don’t do double standards, so if you’re gonna slap my ass I’m gonna have to slap yours.” Shitty reasoning, I know. But she smiled mischievously, and said, “well fair is fair!” And offered me a turn. I, of course took this as a cue to turn up the flirting.

But it wasn’t till later that evening that I got the third cue: dinner. We had been walking around for awhile, and she was starting to whine about needing to pee. She was very vocal about it. To anyone else it might’ve seemed like she was just unashamed. But I could tell, by the way she was talking about it, she was gauging for reaction. She was stepping from foot to foot, wiggling her butt around, and walking in place.

I started to tease her, “you look like you’re running a marathon!”

“I’ve had to pee for hours now Alex, I have to go really bad!” She replied, with a nervous smile.

“Why didn’t you go before? There’s like, bathrooms everywhere!” I pushed, wanting to see he reasoning.

“Because,” she said, smiling, “I didn’t have to go that bad.”

“So you have to wait till you’re dancing around to go pee?”

“Well that’s usually a good time to go I think!”

“Better hope you don’t get stuck in traffic like that!”

“Oh I already did.”

“Did you make it?”

She giggle shyly, “Hahaha.... no, no I didn’t...”

“YOU PEED YOUR PANTS!?” I asked, incredulously.

“Yes, yes, I peed my pants!” She smiled, “The minute I got out of the car it was like, everywhere.”

“You haven’t learned your lesson have you?”

At this, she gave a cute little smirk, and a wry smile, which caught me altogether by surprise. I mean, I was just having fun. I’m super discreet when it comes to talking about bodily functions, at least as far as my interest goes. But she gave me some sort of “knowing look,” the “wouldn’t you like to know” look.

I felt myself blush instantly, as she said, “obviously not, you can’t tell?” She returned to he friendly smile, but else crossed her legs and bobbed on the spot.

“You better go soon or you’ll be in trouble,” I advised, amorously.

“I’m a big girl, I can handle this!”

But it seemed that’s all she wanted to do: handle it. For the next 30 min or so, we walked around the beach town, looked at stores, window shopped, all that jazz. The whole time, she was stepping from foot to foot, crossing her legs, and walking on the spot. For me, it was a clear indication that,

A) she knew I found some sort of interest in her needs, and

B) she had an interest in her needs herself

Nothing conclusive at this point, but it was all I needed to make my night.

I was practically drooling, watching her legs squirm back and forth, not frantically, but just enough that anyone who looked could tell she was in some state of restlessness. She would cross her legs and bob slowly, deliberately. She had a mildly anxious look on her face, but nothing That said urgency. It said, “I’m uncomfortable, but I can wait.” She was long past the point where anyone trying to be comfortable would’ve forgone a restroom for the sale of convenience. There were restrooms everywhere, she could go when she wanted. But she didn’t she kept doing her subtle pee dance, and I kept watching.

I’d like to think she knew I was watching, and she was doing it to tease me. There was an incident that I had described here before, where she had done just that, very deliberately. But at this time, it was just fantasy. Still, I couldn’t help but notice that she had to pee fairly bad, and refused to go, which was enough to make my mind wander.

Eventually, we went to a restaurant, and sat down to eat. She sat there with all of us, and subtly wriggled and squirmed next to my friend. He asked her what was wrong, and she said “I have to pee.”

Freaking guy. He said, “well no ones stopping you!” Laughing, and pointing in the direction of the bathrooms. May nervously and briskly got up, now that her seating pee dancing was seemingly no longer welcome. I hate him for that.

She came back, and I asked her, “Did everything come out okay?”

She giggled and said, “Yes, I was very hydrated.”

And that was the evening right there, nothing really intense after that. In fact, nothing other than friendly conversation for the rest of that night, despite the flirting. But later the next week, I got the most deliberate recognition and appeal to my fetish that I’d ever seen from anyone other than my girlfriend.

*002*2018-09-26 15:29

{{6 hours ago, Ktpq said:

This was really good I would like to hear more about may and you’re wacky adventures

}}

Oh youuuu

*004*2018-09-26 16:19

{{42 minutes ago, wettingman said:

I really enjoyed this post and look forward to hearing about what happened the "next week". You write very well.

}}

Thank you friend it’s nice to be able to share these experiences, I want to make sure I tell it right the first time!

*006*2018-09-27 14:37

That’s a beautiful thing I haven’t had enough of those candid desperation moments lately, I would love something like that at work!

Its also a clever premise for a story, when you think about it

*007*2019-02-28 19:08

{{On 9/27/2018 at 3:36 AM, Despguy123 said:

Great story, looking forward to hearing more. Back when I worked in retail, I remember one of the store managers (good looking blonde lady in her mid 20s) always seemed to be desperate to pee in the afternoon around closing time. She would come over to the registers and chat to us, dancing around, crossing her legs and bobbing on the spot, pressing her thighs together and telling us that she “really needed a wee” because she hadn’t had chance to go all day. She wasn’t shy about it and never tried to hide how badly she needed it, and never seemed to be in a hurry to leave the store and go across to the staff room where there was a toilet. I got the sense that she was deliberately putting off going and quite enjoyed holding it, and enjoyed getting a reaction to her dancing around.

}}

I'm just now reading this again, and I gotta say, I wish my manager had been as candid as yours was! Did anything else give you the sense that she liked holding it? You should tell us about it sometime

*008*2019-02-28 22:53

Hey guys! Sorry for the wait, I've been super busy lately, so I've been having a hard time getting inspired, in regards to any potential fiction ideas. But I've always had a hard time outlining some of my actual wetting experiences, and I've been working on preparing the relevant details as accurately as possible, while also making my account entertaining to read. I have a lot of free time coming up, and I wanted to take this opportunity to update a few things that I may have left unfinished. Without further ado, here's my next experience with May:

###

May was a close friend of one of my long time friends, "Riley." They both played volleyball together, and they happened to be attending the same college, so they ended up spending a lot of time together. When Riley would invite me out, she would often have May with her, and maybe a few other people. Both Riley and May were very attractive, and while I had no romantic feelings for Riley, it definitely helped being in the company of two beautiful women at the bar. May was a lot of fun as well, and we had a sort of "semi- flirty" thing going on, where we would talk to each other somewhat flirtatiously, but no one ever made any moves, because it was all in good fun. I think. Anyway, I digress.

After going out with both of them for awhile, I began to notice a few things about May. The first thing was that she would get really touchy and frisky when she started to drink, which of course, I didn't complain about. The second thing was that she had zero filter when she would drink, which made for a lot of hilarious moments with complete strangers. The last thing though is the thing that is most relevant: she waited forever to pee. Like, almost half the night. She refused to break the seal until she was desperate. Not desperate desperate, but more like, in obvious need that she has to pee pretty badly.

She was very candid about her need too. If she had to pee, she would tell us. If she really had to pee, she would tell us too. She essentially, every so often, gave Riley and I a play by play of her filling bladder. You could see her standing at the bar, crossing and uncrossing her legs, with her hand sliding across her upper thigh tensely. She would jiggle her leg as she laughed, maybe step from foot to foot, basically all of the subtle things that someone might notice, but a desperation enthusiast would definitely notice. I was a beautiful thing.

Naturally, I enjoyed this a lot, and I savored every moment I could comment on it. I would tease her about it, and should would tease me back, and our encounters gradually became more and more flirtatious.

"You haven't peed yet?"

"I'm waiting for the line to go down!"

"The line was fine a few minutes ago!"

"What? Why didn't you tell me!?"

"I figured you knew what you were doing. Want another drink?"

"You're stupid. I do, but I should go and pee first."

"Why don't you flirt with that guy over there. He'll buy you a drink, and I'll watch it for you."

"Sure you will!"

"Would I lie to you?"

We'd exchange a flirtatious glance, and then we'd move on. This happened a number of occasions, but one in particular stands out.

We were at a house party, specifically for a fraternity. Everyone was drinking except for me, because I was driving, and I didn't want to get stuck peeing all night. Lo and behold, my lovely friend Megan is chatting with some guys, legs tightly crossed, and she is crossing and re- crossing them every minute or so. She definitely has to pee, although not bad enough that she's bouncing up and down yet. Unfortunately, May's tactic of "not breaking the seal" was not going to work for her today, because there were maybe two bathrooms in the entire house, and there was a constant line for the ladies room. Any smart girl would get in line at the slightest urge to pee, because about 20 minutes later, she would be desperate, and hopefully closer to the front of the line.

There was definitely a line outside of both bathrooms, about 5 or 6 girls deep in each line. But as the night would wear on, this line would increase substantially, and May would have to make her move before then, or risk peeing all over her toned legs and tight fitting jeans. The pervert in me was definitely hoping to see some desperation, though up to this point, I had never seen a genuine pee accident in public, so I was highly skeptical she would actually pee her pants. I approached her at one point, prepared to make a facetious comment on her subtle squirming. She beat me to it.

"Hey girly, what did I miss?"

"Nothing, just a couple guys trying to make a move."

"All the drinks are free here already, they don't stand a chance."

She laughed, crossed her legs, and bounced subtly on the spot.

"Oh my gosh I know, I've been drinking a lot and now I have to pee."

"Are you gonna wait forever like always?"

".... What's it to you?" She asked me, suggestively. I felt myself blush a little, because the honest answer was even more suggestive than the question.

"I don't want you in my car if you've peed your pants, I don't have any towels for you to sit on."

She laughed again, this time putting her hands into her crotch and crossing her legs over them.

"Well don't make me pee my pants, I don't want to walk home!"

"I wouldn't actually make you walk home May, I enjoy your company too much for that."

She gave me a flirty look, and asked me,"well would you still enjoy my company if I peed myself?"

I remembered this look. This was the look she gave me at the beach not to long ago, when we were talking about her having to pee, and I started asking too many questions. I answered the only way I knew how. Deflection.

"Of course I would, we'd just have to dry you off first!" I said, laughing, and hopefully encouraging her own laughter. But she didn't laugh. She just smiled suggestively, as if what I had suggested sounded like a good time, but she wasn't going to actually confirm it verbally.

"HA! If it gets that far!" She teased, hands still in her crotch. "But I don't want to break the seal!" She whined, with a pouty lip.

"Everyone has to pee eventually, I'm just saying maybe you better time it right." I said, honestly.

"Okay okay okay, I'm gonna gooooo." She pouted, and trotted off to the bathroom.

I think my desire was carrying across in my words, as it had before when we had gone put and flirted with each other. But for some reason, we were talking about her peeing her pants, and this very clearly flirtatious look had crossed her face. Whether it was related or not the subject of "her having to pee" was unclear at this point. Correlation isn't causation, as they say. But I had a strong feeling that she was flirting with me over the subject of her peeing her pants.

I passed by the restroom line, and she was about 5th in line at this point. She was subtly squirming, jiggling leg up and down rapidly. She gave me another pouty lip, and I shrugged my shoulders and kept walking. I passed by again on the way out, and she was 2nd in line, stepping from foot to foot in a sexy, subtle pee dance. She thanked me for telling her to go before the line got long, because when I looked back at the rest of the line, there almost 10 people in line behind her, each lady in varying forms of distress.

"You can make it up to me later," I winked at her, unable to help being aroused by her potty dance, but hopefully she wouldn't take it that way.

"Oh? How should I do that?" She asked back.

"You'll think of something." I said, and I walked out.

I saw her later with dry pants, some obviously, she didn't make it. But she told me that she would rather not wait in that line again to go to the bathroom, because the bathroom was a mess by the time she went in there.

"There's two bathrooms, why don't you use the other one?"

"I don't want to take any chances. Next time I have to pee, I'm going to go to somewhere down the street. Care to join me? You're driving after all..." She teased. I blushed. I was liking where this was going.

Over the next hour or so, May reach her prior levels of desperation, but of course, she was far more desperate now than she was then. She started doing that potty dance again, the dance she was doing when she was in line for the bathroom. Unfortunately for her, both lines were now full of desperate ladies, each one a long line out the hallway. Also, she was making no attempt at getting in line. Also, she looked very drunk. No as much as I like the attention, I am totally uncomfortable with doing anything sexual while any drinking is involved. What was beginning to feel like a heavenly night turned into a reality check, that I was sober and needed to drive this beautiful girl to the bathroom. I can do that, easily.

"Hey May?"

"Yeah?"

"How you feeling?"

"Like I reallyyyyy have to pee." She giggled, smiling at me as she crossed her legs.

"You said you wanted to go down the street. Do you still want to go?"

"Yes, definitely, I have to go so bad!" She moaned, bouncing her ass up and down as she bent forward.

"Alright, follow me. We'll go to McDonald's or something."

"Let's hurry, I'm about to wet myself..."

I'm about to wet myself..... keep your cool man, keep your cool.

Riley and two other guys decided to join us, and it seemed like we weren't coming back to the party. They were basically non- existent in the car though, as they didn't hear a damn thing May and I were talking about. She was in the front seat with me, and the others were in the back seat, completely oblivious. Now this is where things get interesting. As we get in the car and drive away, she does something curious. See, I had picked up some Arizona Ice Teas from a 7-Eleven before we got to the party. I like to snack, and it helps when I'm the only one not drinking. Reaches over and starts drinking me my Arizona.

"HEY!"

"What!?"

"MY snacks!" I play yelled at her, pulled the can of tea back.

"But I'm thirstyyyyy....

"Didn't you say you you have to pee!?"

A look of thoughtfulness suddenly crossed her face, as if she was trying to remember actually saying that, when her bladder was telling her all she needed to know, if we're being honest here.

"I did say that didn't I?" She giggled. "That's a good point, I wouldn't want to pee myself in your car. You said you don't have any towels right?"

I blushed, and looked at her. She was staring right at me, with this flirty smile on her face. There was sexual tension in the air, and it felt like she was deliberately trying to get a reaction out of me.

"That's right, I don't have any." I mused, cooly, and collectedly.

"Okay, I'll leave your juice alone then...." she sighed, as if wasn't getting the joke.

We drove on in silence for maybe a minute, with music playing softly, when my devilish side took control. I heard her moan, and saw her wiggling her ass into the seat. I reacted in a way that probably outed me. I picked up my can of tea, and handed it to her at the red light. She looked at me in confusion, but I simply smiled at her.

"You don't want any more?" I teased.

"No, I have to pee remember?" She giggled, but coyly.

"It wasn't bothering you a second ago." I replied, still handing her the tea.

I'll never forget this moment. She looked at the tea, looked at me, and suggestively asked: "Are you trying to make me pee myself in your car?"

I only replied: "Not really.... I'd just like to see you finish what you started."

We looked at each other for a second. I could tell her gears were turning, and the sexual tension was so thick you could cut it. She smiled, and without breaking eye contact, began to chug the rest of my tea. After a moment she finished it, and patted her tummy,

"Are you happy now?" She said, almost sensuously.

"Yes, I'm very impressed." I replied suggestively

"Alex, if I pee my pants, in your car, it's your fault now." She sneered, crossing her legs tightly as she rocked back and forth in her seat.

"Will you pitch in for towels?" I asked, "It's your pee after all."

She giggled a little, before making sensual eye contact with me and saying: "Deal." We then shook hands, and I winked at her. She bit her lip, and I thought we could've kissed right there. But as good as things were going, she was still drunk, and I was sober. On top of all that, we had passengers in the back, and up until now we had been talking quietly in the front of the car. But the minute we shook hands, Riley chimed in:

"What're you guys talking abooooout. I wanna play too!" You're drunk Riley, and you definitely don't want to play.

We drove on in silence, and May's squirming became more pronounced. She had her hands in her crotch, and she was rocking her hips from side to side, hissing through her teeth and whining every so often. Now that we were part of a group discussion, that thick, sexual tension was almost non- existent. We were all talking casually as friends, and I was thoroughly torn between May's bursting bladder, and trying to seem freakin normal. It was a difficult task, to say the least.

We got to MacDonald's, and as soon as we parked, everyone was out of the car. Everyone but May.

"Hey Alex?"

"Aren't you gonna-"

She leaned in and kissed me square on the lips, and I felt her hand creeping to my crotch. She gave it a quick squeeze as we embraced, then pulled away, bit her lip in lust, and then smiled at me as she stepped out of the car. I stayed in the car, and with her gorgeous ass facing me, she began to pee dance as she continued to talk to everyone outside of my car. She wriggled her hips, shook her ass back and forth, and kept crossing her legs and bobbing up and down. She was stepping from foot to foot, and had her hands clenched at her sides. She looked like she was about to burst any second, pee streaming down her gorgeous, toned legs, drenching her ass. She went on like this for 2 minutes, before she and Riley went in to the bathroom, and returned promptly 5 minutes later or so.

"How was it?" I asked.

"Good, I needed that." She giggled at me, smiling widely.

The rest of the night was uneventful, but I think I got more than I came for. We never got to the point where we were dating, never far enough that I could actually ask if this was a fetish of hers or not. We had a few suggestive encounters after that, but it never really went anywhere. In fact, she would always deflect when I tried to bring up our flirty pee related conversation. But she has told me a number of stories. It turns out, she wet herself a number of times, and even pooped herself once or twice. She was very candid with me when the subject came up, and we never discussed these things in a flirtatious context. But I could tell she enjoyed telling me those stories, or our friends, because she was very.... descriptive. I'll be posting the two stories that are worth telling here on this thread.

Essentially, after that night, there was no doubt in my mind that May had a pee fetish. I've met someone with a pee fetish, and now I can cross that off my bucket list.

*010*2019-03-01 05:46

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

What an awesome experience. I can't help but wonder if she would have held it a bit longer if you asked especially if it was just the two of you

I say for sure she was into holding he pee for you. I also know if she grabed my crotch in that situation she would have felt how much i was enjoying her desperation.

Great story. I look forward to reading the stories she shared with you

Thank you for writing this one in an excellent way.

}}

Oh geeze, one can only imagine hahaha. But that exchange was all I needed to have. She undoubtedly knew that I was using pee as a medium for flirting, and I’m positive that she was too.

But to be honest, I don’t think I would have seen that side of her if she wasn’t drunk. The whole thing is somewhat ludicrous, and it wouldn’t have happened On any other day. She might’ve teased or told me some of those stories, but if she hadn’t been drinking and I hadn’t been aroused beyond belief, none of that ever would have happened.

