Witnessing a girl needing to pee

Author: Ally98

*000*2017-07-29 09:44

For the first time, it is not me who's desperate to pee, but my friend. I've always enjoyed omorashi because my boyfriend enjoyed watching me hold my pee, so I sort of derived my pleasure from my boyfriend. But watching my friend desperate today really made me understand why my boyfriend enjoyed watching me so much. Even though I'm not sexually attracted to girls, I actually found my friend rather cute when she was desperate (I'm so cold hearted XD), and I can only imagine how attractive it would be to a man.

It all happened yesterday. If you have read my previous experience, you would know I'm overseas on an exchange programme in China, and that I am very close friends with my cousin's girlfriend, Ashley. Now, this time, it was Ashley who was desperate.

We were going to have a girls-day-out together and I was to meet her in the morning by the bus stop. Ashley was 10 minutes late, which was unlike her, as she was usually punctual. It turns out she overslept, and had to rush out to meet me. Unlike me, Ashley is never shy, and she very plainly admitted she didn't have the chance to pee that morning. I told her to pee before we leave, but Ashley said the bus ride wouldn't take long, and that she felt slightly desperate only.

The bus took about 10 minutes to arrive. During our wait, we chatted as usual, but I could see Ashley shifting her legs slightly, and I could tell she was getting more and more desperate. The bus eventually came, and the both of us stepped on.

Five minutes in, Ashley tapped my arm. She was looking anxious and said her urge to pee was gaining really fast. I've always found the body gets used to the urge to pee in the morning, and makes it feel like you don't really have to pee, when in fact your bladder is already rather full. I guess Ashley's sensations finally kicked in now that she's settled down on a seat, and from her worried look, I could tell she had to pee really bad. She asked me whether we could get off at the next stop, and I said yes immediately.

The next stop was still rather far away, and unfortunately for Ashley, we had arrived in a narrow street with four rows of traffic lights ahead. Cars were flooding the road from different corners, all being held back by the traffic lights. As you can imagine, there was a massive jam. Ashley saw this and I saw her bite her lips. She was holding herself with both hands and shaking on her seat. She looked so pitiful, and I could see tears welling up in her eyes.

The bus was still stuck in the traffic and Ashley looked pale from the urge to pee. She complained about wearing shorts instead of a skirt, since she could pee secretly in a bottle if she were in a skirt. Ashley was holding herself in a really awkward position and I was honestly really worried other passengers might see her, so I did my best to cover her up with my body. Ashley was so desperate she kept mumbling "I really need to pee!" in a teary voice.

About 5 minutes later, the bus had only cleared a quarter of the street. Without warning, Ashley jumped from her seat and went to the driver. She was in tears when she pleased him to let her off the bus. The driver seemed reluctant as it was against the rules to let someone off somewhere outside a bus stop, but it was impossible to stay hard-hearted to a crying girl so clearly on the brink of peeing herself. So the driver let us off, and I could feel everyone's eyes on us as we left the bus. I can't help but feel the embarrassment I would have were I in Ashley's shoes.

There were plenty of stores on the streets, but not a single public toilet. Ashley was so desperate she was resting her head on my shoulder as we stood there, clueless as to what to do next. Then I noticed a restaurant which had a toilet inside. Ashley immediately went over and asked if she could use the toilet. The restaurant was deserted and shady and gave me an unpleasant feeling. The man at the entrance said the toilets were for customers only, and he was leering at Ashley who was holding herself out of desperation. I guess Ashley did not like the looks of the man anymore than I did, for as desperate as she was, she dragged us out of there.

Then we did the next best thing we could. People working in the shops around the area had to pee somewhere, so we asked the people there for directions to a nearby toilet. A sympathetic woman gave us directions, and I could hear her call Ashley 'you poor girl' as we left for the toilets. Ashley was having trouble walking straight, and she was holding herself with one hand while rubbing her bladder with the other. Thankfully, the streets weren't as full of people as they were of cars.

We reached the public toilet, and at first we were glad not to find a line leading from the bathroom doors. But there were only two cubicles inside and both were occupied. Ashley stood there, shaking on spot, sobbing quietly as she resisted her full bladder. At last, she knocked on one of the doors to a locked cubical and said a very weak 'please hurry up'. But all we heard was a sniff from inside and nothing more.

Ashley was so desperate she couldn't wait. She took off her shorts and started positioning herself on the sink. I was a little heart broken to see that we had to come to this but it was better than wetting oneself in public. Even as she was rolling her panties down, she started peeing. Some of it damped her panties, but she positioned herself on the sink in time to keep most of her pee away from her clothes. She must have peed for a minute. Thankfully no one stepped into the toilet and so no one else saw Ashley's embarrassing fiasco on the sink.

By the time Ashley was finished she was blushing so much even her ears went red. But thankfully she didn't have to pee and embarrass herself in public. We laughed the whole incident off soon afterwards. But it really got me into thinking. I've always known that my bf enjoys watching me hold my pee, but now I think I actually understand why he does. Even though I'm a girl, and I'm not attracted to girls whatsoever, I actually found Ashley kind of cute when she needed to pee. I could only assume men would find it much more attractive than I do.

