Wetting and meditation

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2019-01-20 00:14

I've been trying various wetting hypnosis files for a while and nothing actually makes me have an accident. I go in to a deep trance and I can visualize and feel what's going on throughout the narratives, but when they finally get to the part when you lose control of your bladder I still have to make some effort to let go, even if it's just barely letting go.

One way I have found success though is to do guided meditation. I go into it with a full bladder and I can get my body to relax enough that it just starts coming out without me letting go. The first time it was actually an accident I didn't realize I was peeing at first. I just got really warm around my midsection but I didn't know what was happening because I wasn't controlling it. When I came out the trance I was soaked! Then I set out to make it happen again. Today was a success.

I read some stories on here to think about having an accident and listened to one of the files from My Little Lullaby Nursery about wetting. It must have been a combination of Ember reinforcing that it's ok to wet your pants and the deep deep trance I was in, I just started wetting. I released my entire bladder into my pajamas and on to the waterproof blanket. I could feel it going up my back and down over my hips and up my stomach. It was going everywhere! It was so warm! I couldn't move though. I just stayed there feeling the warmth and enjoying the little trickling sensations.

Has anyone else wet themselves while meditating or any other relaxation exercises?

*002*2019-01-29 05:00

%https://mylittlelullaby.com/shop/

%https://hypno-mommy.com/

