Wetting my navy blue trackies

Author: Snowpants

*000*2022-05-23 14:55

The other day I had a lot of work to do outside of my home. Since I was alone I decided to fill my bladder and see how long I could hold. My list of work was long and my full bladder made the work fun.

First job was to replace some rotten wood around my yard shed. This job meant plenty of bending and stretching. Both can be tough to keep holding. Some of the work required sitting still and that was difficult too. I did my best to keep holding but after not too long I started leaking. I kept checking myself and although my crotch was wet you could not see it due to the navy blue color.

The next job was some yard clean up. Some of the work required me to be in my front yard where neighbors and those walking by could see me. Although I kept leaking, despite my best efforts, no one seemed to notice my wet trackies. Due to the work I was doing the only part that was wet was my crotch.

After lunch, and a lot more liquids, I headed back out to mow the lawn. By this point I was really desperate and was curious how much longer I could hold on. I managed to mow the front yard with only minor leaks but now my trackies were wet half way down to my knees. As I started the back yard I had a major bladder contraction and I could not hold on any longer. My bladder let go and after what seemed like 10 minutes I was totally soaked down both legs into my sneakers. The only way you could tell was the thin nylon was clinging to my legs. What a great feeling as I continued with the mowing and feeling the clinging wet nylon until it dried.

I will be planning this type of dsy more often.

