Purposeful "drunk" wetting

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2015-07-11 19:11

This incident happened in the summer when I was. 19.

A few friends were already drinking and I joined them after work. It was a warm night, so I wore a T-shirt and a pair of Nike basketball shorts (solid color and shiny). I went commando, as I like the feeling of the smoothness.

I was playing catch up, and during the whole time, I was letting small spurts out. Drops could be seen on the floor, but I'm pretty sure no one noticed. I did this to test the waters, to see if I could set myself up for a perceived accident.

As the night neared the end, we were all pretty wasted. I drank a lot and then I started to gag, and my friend who hosted the party directed me to her restroom. I yakked, which started a chain reaction with my other friends. As they were busy puking, my friend offered to walk me home (only 2 blocks away).

As messed up as I was, I never forgot my goal, as I drank a lot of chasers. My bladder was pretty damb full, and knew this would be a perfect time to let go.

We left her house, walked up the hill, and that's when I started "rambling" about going to piss myself. Of course, she said everything to help assure me I'd be able to make it or to go back, but I cringed, grabbed my crotch, and gave in.

As my hot piss soaked my shorts, I knelt down, reducing the amount that would flood my shoe. My friend stood there, probably trying to look away. I had my head down, realizing what I just did.

After the piss left my bladder and soaked into my shorts, you could see the trail of piss glimmering underneath the street light. I then apologized to my friend, who consoled me and told me not to worry about it.

Little did she know, I enjoyed the whole thing! (except the puking part)

:D

