Some school memorie

Author: Soaqueen

*000*2018-01-10 11:10

I remember when I was in primaire (~8 y o), the girls' bathroom was closed for renovations a few days.

Girls were told to use the boys', but I didn't want to. In fact, I also hated the girls one at school, but if I really needed to go I used it after all.

So one afternoon, I was in class and I really had to go because I hadn't pee since the early morning. I didn't want to use the boys bathroom, I was scared a boy could see me while I pee, and I already held it a full day. Maybe this time I drank too much water at lunch.

Well, I was holding it with crossed legs when I suddenly thought "we're all in class, so if I go now there would be nobody in the toilets!". I raised my hand and waited for my teacher to see it.

But he was busy with an other kid in front of me and he told me to wait, thinking I needed help for some exercise. I was now fidgeting, bouncing my legs. I really had to go, and the boy next to me saw it.

He said "you need the loo, right?"

"Yes, I haven't go since this morning..." I explained why, and he told me most boys didn't really like to share their bathroom and didn't go as well.

Discussing helped me forgetting my urge a few minutes and I had stopped my pee dance, but I suddenly felt a spurt escape. I quickly burried my hands between my tights, holding myself. My classmate said "oh oh... are you ok?"

I think the torrent of pee splashing on the floor following his question gave him an answer. My bladder just gave up and I made a big puddle under my chair.

My jean was completely soaked, and I even have pee in my shoes.

When my teacher finally came to see me, he saw me red faced in my pee-soaked pants. He was really embarrassed and apologized for not listening to my question before.

He was very kind, and so were my classmates. My teacher took me to the teachers' room and gave me school clothes. While I was changing clothes, he went to ask someone to clean the classroom. When I came back, all had been cleaned up and no one laughed at me.

The boy next to me smiled, and asked if I was ok. I said I was, and we turned back to our exercises.

The next week, it was time for the boys' bathroom to be closed, and I was lucky to see a wet patch on my classmate's pant :)

He told me he did almost the same thing as me, but managed to control it before asking to go.

I still think he did it to make me feel better.

Hope you liked this story :)

*002*2018-01-11 04:20

Not so much embarrassing after all. I've wet myself later and it was a really embarrassing moment... but it's an other story.

*004*2018-01-11 10:24

Maybe later ;)

*007*2018-03-06 07:24

{{On 03/03/2018 at 12:04 PM, SaQra said:

When I had accidents in school, I too found that most people are usually sympathetic! Maybe I just got lucky?

}}

Maybe they just remembered their own accidents, and felt sad for you.

*009*2018-03-07 06:49

Kids can be cruel sometimes. But I also witnessed a lot of compassion once.

I was chief for young girls guides (8-11 years old). During a gathering, they all were facing us in a half-circle. It's an important time in the day, and they have to stay still and quiet. It only takes a few minutes.

But one of the girls raised her hand, so Akela (big chief) told her to talk. She asked to go to the toilet, and we were almost done so Akela said "we just finish and you can go". It was only a minute or so until we were done, and the girl didn't show any desperation signs. The girl nodded and Akela started talking about something again.

But a few seconds (maybe 30s) after the girl nodded, her navy blue uniform became much darker. The girl was looking at her feets while her pee felt on the ground.

She was taken apart by Baloo, and we finished with the other girls before I went to see her. She was totally ashamed and didn't understand how she couldn't hold it just a few minutes.

We were all surprised by the girls' reactions: they all were kind with her, and none of them annoyed her. Many of them told her about their own accidents, and this episode turned to a fun moment where they all laughed about themselves!

They also asked us (chiefs) if we had such experiences, and of course we all had so they felt reassured.

It was something interesting for me to talk about peeing pants without being aroused, and without anyone finding this subject was weird. As I said, it was young girls, so arousal couldn't be there. But it was a lot of fun!

