My exhibitionism story of today

Author: Snowgirl

*000*2022-01-18 10:44

As some of you may know, snowpants and snowsuits are my favourite things to wear while I wet myself, so the wintertime is my favourite for having “accidents” in public. Usually, I keep them my little secret (a huge plus for wearing snowpants, waterproofness!), but today I had a crazy desire to make a scene, and I did.

It started with skipping my morning pee when I woke up (it’s my day off work) and instead put on some clothes and snowsuit and napping in bed until it I needed to go pretty bad. I wore my thermal onesie (makes me feel super trapped), a tshirt, a pair of denim jeans, a sweater, and then my matching pink snowpants and coat overtop.

Lately, businesses in my area have been using the pandemic as an excuse to close their **single person** bathrooms!! Which I find super silly. When a girls gotta go, she needs to go!

So, I went about my day and did a couple errands until I was basically squirming already needing to go so bad. I was speedwalking so fast everywhere I went lol and literally I was genuinely nervous that I wasn’t going to make it to where I was going to have an *accident*, let alone to an actual bathroom.

So right around lunch, I pull into the parking lot of a small fast food place that I know has it’s bathroom closed and staff only. I ran inside as fast as I could, and literally skipped the line and danced while asking the cashier if they’re bathroom was open. Sure enough, they said no(!!!!!).

”Oh my god, are you serious???” I said, my actual urgentness allowed me to play the part without even trying lol. My plan was to try to make it into the bathroom but make it obvious I didn’t make it by being short, not flushing, then literally saying I peed my pants on my way out. Anyways, they looked back at me and didn’t know what to say. “Please, I’m actually about to pee my pants”

“Okay go ahead, but you’ll need the KEY”

A KEY!!

I looked in their eyes and said “no way, no way, give it to me please but I’m not gonna make it”

I snatched the key and ran to the door to try to make my plan worked, but fumbled with the lock for all of two seconds before letting go of the pee and letting it all go in my pants. I peed all at once and winched and shouted “oh no, oh no” and gave up with the key. I stood for a moment and said “I just peed my pants, I just peed my pants” and left the key on the counter. Everybody was staring as I walked out, I’m sure just imagining the state of my pants underneath my snowpants. Oh my god, it was suuuuuch a rush!! Loved every second of it

*002*2022-01-18 18:00

{{1 hour ago, Snowpants said:

@Snowgirl

That sounds like a great experience. When I decide to hold my morning pee I could never have made it as long as you did. I can only imagine how desperate you were trying to stand there asking and waiting for that key. I bet you were making a very loud swishing sound with your snow pants.

Would love to hear what happened after you left the restaurant. Wondering how long before you were desperate again and if you wet your snow pants again that day.

}}

Ya on mornings when pee my pants I always just hold it and it makes it by far the most urgent/desperate feeling I can have lol. I’ve done this sort of plan a couple of other times but every single time I end up giving up and just letting myself pee myself at some point along in the process so this time I knew I had to be quick lol.

Oh yes, only the swishiest snow pants for me and you know I was squirming around before and during my accident haha I love how attention grabbing the swishing always is. Everybody knows I’m wearing snowpants when I walk into a store/etc.

Not too much happened after! Just went home and cleaned up and went about my day doing my thing lol. I’m usually not much of a re-wetter.

I’d love to know what the conversation in the restaurant looked like after I left though! Maybe next time I should have an obvious accident in a place where I’m somehow trapped and have to be there awhile around people who know I peed my pants

*007*2022-01-19 20:27

{{On 1/18/2022 at 1:50 PM, Snowpants said:

@Snowgirl

Maybe next time you just get in line at the counter, order some food and sit inside to eat it. Then you would be able to see first hand the reaction of those who witnessed your "accident"? More fluid into your system would not be a bad thing either.

}}

Like make it obvious that I’m peeing my pants, then just pretend nothing happened and get food? I’m not sure if that’s totally my thing - once I pee my pants I like to basically go home and clean up and then finish myself up lol.

I’m thinking I need to get myself into a place where I’m more “trapped”… I’ve always peed my pants in secret on the bus, maybe I should make it more obvious? Idk, any ideas are welcome lol.

{{On 1/18/2022 at 3:16 PM, wetting_fan said:

Wow I wonder if you just gave anyone there an interest heh

}}

Like if anybody noticed? Oh, I’m very sure they noticed if they were paying any attention at all lol

{{20 hours ago, lsn1 said:

I often fantasize about doing something like this myself, but instead of wetting, I *just* make it. It would be super hot, but I always chicken out at the last moment. Maybe one day...

}}

Oh wow, that sounds a bit easier? Basically just making it super duper obvious you have to use the washroom before you run in?

Public stuff is always sooo hard though. Plus it sounds tricky because if it was me, I know myself and I would get my button of my pants stuck or something and then I’d pee my pants anyways ha ha

{{20 hours ago, PeePeeMcGee said:

@Snowgirl

Sounds super hot! What i wouldn't give to have been at that restaurant. Would you ever consider sharing images/videos of the "aftermath"?

}}

Maybe someday, I see everybody else do it on here, but I’m waaayyy too shy and nervous of somebody in my real life recognizing me or something

*009*2022-01-20 00:11

{{2 hours ago, Snowpants said:

@Snowgirl

If you like to go home right afterwards, you could always show up at the restaurant very desperate, like you did. Order some food and find a table to eat your meal. You could try to keep holding or secretly start to piss your snowpants like you do on the bus. Finish eating then head home to clean up.

}}

Oooo that’s a good idea! Sit down, order food, get super desperate and ask where the bathroom is, do the “didnt make it” routine… Be stuck still and at least still need to settle the bill!

Although there’s a couple problems, 1. people really look weird if they’re wearing snow clothes sitting down in a restaurant 2. I don’t know if I’m brave enough if the first place to do this lol and finally 3. I feel like it’s unrealistic to have a genuine accident in a resturant, since the bathroom is available when you walk in the door. Most restaurants still have bathrooms open where I am I think. I’m sure I could make up some excuse, like I hate public bathrooms or something or that it happens sometimes because I have a small bladder (which tbf is kinda true lol) but then I’d have to explain and I’m too shy lol

*014*2022-01-20 05:37

{{20 minutes ago, wetsnowpants said:

Man thats always been one of my fantasies, being desperate then bursting in my snowpants on a bus, inside a restaurant or on a ski lift. id love to burst with someone sitting right beside me, but you'd really have to be careful because the smell can give you away. best to do it on a wetter day, so the typical wet floor smell can help cover it up

I'd love to just go to the slopes and spend the entire day in my snowpants and wetting non stop in different settings

}}

I gotta be honest I don’t think I’ve ever really worried too much about the smell. I always figure if someone smelled it, they probably wouldn’t be immediately thinking “that girl next to me definitely just peed her pants under those snowpants” and even if they did, idgaf lol prove it

{{18 minutes ago, lsn1 said:

Yeah, the goal would be engineering the perfect scenario where I'm obviously extremely desperate for the washroom and just make it. Bonus points if I have to ask/ beg to be allowed to use the washroom.

Your original post inspired me so much that I experimented a bit with the idea for the first time last night. I'm normally super careful about peeing, so I rarely if ever get to act out my fantasies. But last night, I decided to drink 700ml of water and not pee before going out. I was a little nervous before leaving the house because I *never* leave without peeing first, but once I was out walking, it honestly felt great. My intent was just to experiment, so I didn't drink enough to get desperate, but I had a persistent, noticeable urge to urinate. The feeling of being out while needing to urinate was so sensual. I walked the long way to a local coffee shop where I thought there would be a 50/50 shot that the restrooms were open.

I grabbed a drink and while I waited in line, I bounced up and down and crossed my legs a bit hoping that someone would notice (I don't think anyone did, unfortunately). I almost chickened out, but after I paid for my drink, I nervously managed to say, "Hey, can I use your washroom?" The cashier said, "Yes, of course". I was a little disappointed. I had sort of hoped she would say no, so I could respond that I really needed to go. Anyway, I walked into the washroom, closed the door, and waited for a minute before coming out. I didn't pee because I was sure I could hold it in until I got home, and I was enjoying the sensations of holding my bladder while being out. I tried to think of some other places that might not have a restroom where I could ask, but decided that was enough for one night.

I'm hoping to try this again soon and maybe drink a little bit more next time.

}}

Ha awesome! I guess the stakes were much lower for me - my snowpants always hide the pee. So I can very easily control how obvious/secret I am at any point.

{{17 minutes ago, wetsnowpants said:

I wish all of us into snowpants and snowsuits could go together so we could look like we're just going or coming back from a ski trip.

But thats part of the fun! having a bathroom but bursting in your snowpants while trying to remain calm and not give it away

}}

Oh I don’t mind giving it away if I feel like it, as long as it looks like a total accident!!

