All day desperation

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2018-06-10 05:30

This is 100% a true story and I honestly can't remember a time where I have ever had to pee so bad in my life. Hope you enjoy and please feel free to comment and ask anything you want.

So to say the least my afternoon was eventful. My plan was to leave work and then go to the gym to workout as I do most days. Well, all was going according to plan up until right before my shift was winding down. I work as a pizza delivery driver so therefore most of my time is spent in the car driving from house to house. With about two hours left in my shift I could definitely feel the need to pee. It was one of those urges that just comes out of nowhere and immediately makes you regret not using the bathroom earlier.

It was apparently all of the water I had drank earlier coming back to haunt me. Mind you it was very hot outside so I had drank a lot up to that point. And of course the restaurant got super busy and my luck started to run out. There is only one single employee bathroom at my work as we do not have a dining room or anything like that. So just my luck that every time I came in from a delivery one of my coworkers was in the bathroom. And being as busy as we were, I was basically just handed delivery after delivery without spending much time in the store.

By the time I was on my last delivery I REALLY had to pee. It was the longest delivery of the day too and I was bursting. All I could think about was pulling it out and peeing. I was so squirmy in my seat while driving that I could not sit still. I even had one hand grabbing myself for a while. By the time I got to the house that I was delivering to I was frantic. I tried to compose myself after ringing the doorbell so I wouldn't be too obvious but it was almost no use. A good looking blond probably in her mid 30s answered the door and I thought I was hiding it well until she randomly asked "Are you ok?" while she signed the receipt. I instantly went red in the face and replied back with a weak "Yeah, Im ok. We just have been really busy today and I have not had the chance to use the bathroom in hours." I was embarrassed because 21 year old men aren't supposed to be in a situation like this but at the same time I was actually hoping she would let me use hers.

"Aww, you poor thing. I hope you make it to one soon." was her only reply as she handed me back the receipt and preceded to close her door.

The way back was torture. I couldn't stop anywhere to pee either because I was afraid I would take too long getting back and then I would get into trouble (that has happened before). Upon seeing a mop and one of my coworkers in the bathroom when I got back to the store I decided it would be better to just clock out and leave and go at the gym which wasn't far away. I would soon find out that that decision would turn out to be a major mistake. About a mile down the road from the gym a huge wave of desperation hit me causing me to double over in my seat and grab myself. 

I wanted to cross my legs so badly but you can only do so much while driving. With the gym (and what I thought would be relief in sight) I got stopped by a red light and instantly lost a huge leak. There was nothing I could do about it as I felt my bladder fail me and leave my boxers and inner thighs wet. If you can picture a grown man potty dancing in his car while driving that was me. I was bouncing up and down and squirming like mad. Somehow, I made it to the parking lot of the gym and jumped out and fast walked into the building.

This is where it gets really good so just to give you a mental image I was wearing black athletic shorts and a red athletic shirt after I changed out of my work uniform in my car after I left work. As I walked in I could feel the wetness very well and also felt a lot more right at the edge of coming out whether I liked it or not. So i check in and have the very pretty brunette that works there swipe my card. As a matter of fact, she is more than pretty. She is drop dead gorgeous and I have had a huge crush on her ever since I started going to that gym and as she swiped my card I could not stop from crossing my ankles and bouncing up and down a little on my heels. God I needed to pee so freaking bad. I did notice a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach as I was walking to the back which is where the bathrooms are located. And as I got there I found out why that feeling was there. "Closed for cleaning" was hung across the entrance of the mens bathroom.

The second I read that I lost another squirt and actually had to grab myself right there in the open in order to stop it. I didn't know what to do besides to walk back to the front counter and ask how long it would take. So I got to the front desk already blushing and before I even could say anything ANOTHER squirt comes out and by now i was so so wet with pee down there and also on the verge of tears from the pain of holding all that back. The gorgeous brunette looked up at me and I saw her eyes shoot down to my crotch with my hand over it. It was so obvious what the problem was.

"umm, do you know how long the bathrooms will be closed for cleaning" I asked shyly and quietly with a red face.

"We actually just shut those down like 3 minutes ago but it usually only takes about 20 minutes for them to get cleaned." she replied seemingly with genuine concern as she gave me a sympathetic look.

"oh, ok." was my reply before she cut me off by asking "Do you think you can wait that long? You look like you really have to go" she says almost with a faint smirk.

"Umm yea I do but I should be ok" I replied obviously lying as I was doing a full pee dance before her very eyes.

"Well ok, Il try to get it done fast" she says as she stands up and starts walking towards the bathroom.

Embarrassment overcame me as she walked away. There was no way for her to put that encounter out of her mind but also, and more importantly, no way I was going to make it. For the first time over the course of the day I actually listened to my bladder. I didn't have another idea besides simply rushing out of the gym and back to my car. The whole way there I literally felt like tears where about to come out it hurt so bad. Don't get me wrong, I love the feeling of a full bladder but this was too much. I had a very noticeable wet spot in my crotch area but the black shorts were saving me a little. I got inside my car and held myself with both hands for dear life as I thought of what to do. It was already a done deal that I was going to pee soon. It was just either going to be in my pants or somewhere else. 

Then a simple yet pants saving idea came to my head just as a very long squirt shot out of my penis and even soaked through and got my hands a little wet. I looked around and made sure the coast was clear and then opened my car door. Then, I pulled it out and immediately let a very powerful stream of built up pee out onto the ground. My eyes were watering with relief now as I let out a sigh. There was seriously so much pee too. I was afraid someone would walk by but thankfully they did not. After well over a minute of letting it out it came to an end but not before leaving a monster puddle on the ground. I honestly have never seen so much pee in my life come out of one person.

I quickly composed myself and went back inside the gym and was happy to see the beautiful brunette still cleaning and not right at the desk. I wouldn't have known what to tell her if she asked where I went. She did tell me that the bathroom was open about 15 minutes later but that was the extent of what she said to me. Still, it was a very interesting day to say the least.

*004*2018-06-10 15:47

{{9 hours ago, ♥Arie♥ said:

I know how that must have felt! At one point in my life, I've been so desperate to the point where it is actually painful to keep holding, and as you might agree it is very much not comfortable. The worse part is, once you do relieve yourself, the pain stays with you like a pee stain on your shorts until the muscles are relaxed.

I hope you weren't in much pain afterwards, though. I enjoyed reading your experience as I am quite new on this site and have found myself with my nose in other people's stories!

Thanks for sharing,

Arie~

}}

The pain wasn't too bad afterwards but I definitely felt it and I also had to keep peeing very often for the rest of the day after holding that much in.

