Close call on road trip

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2021-11-24 07:33

Earlier this year, my wife and I had to make an emergency trip back home. It was nearly a 20 hour drive and it was a drive I had made frequently. So I knew all the best places to stop for potty breaks, food, etc. My first trip out there, I did no know that everything along the first leg of my journey was closed after 9pm and ended up peeing on the side of the road. If you want more on that one, let me know, otherwise I digress. We made the trip there without incident. On the way back, we had run into some traffic half way to home, thankfully after a potty break. 

The traffic did last a while though, but we still made decent time to our next stop. I don't remember if I had to pee at that time or not, but I know we both went, got gas, drinks and snacks, and then the next stop would be home. Now, I have a truck with an extended tank on it. We can easily drive for 6 hours without needing to fill it up. Well, I was hard-pressed to make it home without stopping because it was getting dark out, and we were both tired.

A few hours later, we are driving through the back roads that would eventually get us home, and I notice that my bladder is starting to hurt a little. I figured it was no big deal since I was sitting still the whole time, and I knew just a couple more hours and we'd be home. Well, little did I know, we would hit some construction, and somehow traffic at 1030ish at night. Eventually, I had to give in, and I thought about it. And I figured I had best stop. I told my wife we'd be stopping at the grocery store in the next town because I had to pee really bad. She doesn't share my love of omo so she was mostly unphased.

Soon, we made it to the store, which I didn't know for sure what their hours were. Luckily they closed at 11 and I had 10 minutes to make it in by the time I parked. I told my wife to text me if she wants anything and swung the door open, grabbed my purse and high-tailed it inside. To my initial horror, I saw a cleaning cart in front of the bathrooms. To my delight, it was in front of the men's room, so I was free to rush in and take care of business. I swear I audibly groaned when I finally sat and started peeing, but I had no shame at that point.

Thinking about the situation afterward, if the women's bathroom had been closed for cleaning, I may have swallowed my pride, called out to ask if I could go, say it's an emergency, because it really was. I also considered trying to go outside if it came to it, but this place had a lot of cameras, so I probably wouldn't have risked that. Most likely, I would have just peed on myself, and then change back in the truck since I had clothes and all.

This is one of many close calls I've had. This one isn't even my most fun one, but doing holding challenges with myself have made it so I CAN hold it for rediculous amounts of time (or what I consider to be), compared to my weak tiny bladder I had growing up.

