Public hold makes me lose it

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-08-25 19:46

First night of a two day vacation trip to another medium size town we were not familiar with, and of course me and S dove directly into the public kinky stuff.

We would dress up nicely in suits. I would get desperate. Combining these two meant we would both get our share of fetish flow, and it couldn´t be anything but fantastic.

Before undressing for the evening we were relaxing and cuddling in our hotel room. We were excited and things got sexual. But I didn´t want to climax , I wanted to save the tension. I´m usually not good at that kind of self discipline, I tend to go directly for my orgasms, but for some reason I was determined to hold back this time. There was lots of edging, part of me just wanted to give in, and after a while I said no, I can´t do this any longer or I won´t be able to stop, so I just enviously watched as S got himself over the top. Me keeping this tension would most likely have some impact on how things would turn out later in the evening, but I had no idea about that now.

I had been preparing since my last pee after dinner, drinking plenty of water. I started to feel it when we slowly put our shirts and pants on, and S with a very satisfied look in his eyes picked out the perfect tie for me for tonight, and watched me try to make an acceptable four in hand-knot. I think I did alright, but S just shook his head and said I needed to practice more. A nerdy fetishist is not easy to please. I love him. We watched ourselves in the mirror, we looked fantastic together. Now we were ready to go out.

Almost all the bars with outdoor terraces were centred on the same street in this city, and we went to a casual place near the hotel, ordered a couple of beers and found chairs that were´nt too wet from the rain that fell earlier. We had a nice time, enjoying the evening and our excitement. I knew my desperation would start growing faster from now on, and that I was not allowed a bathroom break. But honestly, any experienced bdsm-person would just laugh at our attempts of a sub-dom-play.

I really suck at being a sub in this context since I tend to be like “You´re saying I can´t go to the bathroom? Oh, that´s just great, I didn´t want to anyway! When are you gonna tell me to have another drink?” And S isn´t the most dominant either, afraid of pushing me too far. But the only important thing is, we make it work for us, and enjoy it. I must give him, he was rather resolute when the waitress came to ask if we wanted anything more. Without even looking at me he said “She´ll have a glass of water”.

Sitting there we realised we didn´t really have a safe way out of this place, as it was in the central part of the city, a busy area with a lot of people walking around. I was still in good control, but we needed to prepare some secluded escape before it became too bad, so we decided to leave this bar and go for a walk. There was a big church overlooking the city, so we went there, and found a big park area, and we saw another green area with a small lake on the other side of the road. We strolled around in the park and took some ghosty misty pictures that didn´t turn out so good because it started to get dark. We also stopped and kissed, and S checked if I was still dry when he got the chance. I was, but my bladder was filling.

After walking around for a while S said we´d go for another drink at the bar closest to this park. On our way there my need to pee was getting serious. How much more time did I have? Would I really last another bar visit? I was worrying just a little bit. Even if it was an outside bar I didn´t want to have an accident there. But I also knew I usually underestimate my capacity. I could manage. But I made sure we did pay for the drinks in advance, so that we could leave the place fast if needed.

Now the real fun part began. I noticed as soon as I sat down I could not sit still. My bladder was just constantly reminding me of it´s existence.

“I think I´m getting better at reading you now”, S said. “You look really, really happy!”. “Happy” isn´t I guess the most common description of a person very desperate to pee, but probably true for me. There had been no alcohol in our drinks, but I felt drunk and giggly anyway as I squirmed and moved around in my chair, while S watched me with a very amused and slightly sadistic face. With a bladder this swollen it was hard to find a comfortable way of sitting.

“What´s wrong? You don´t look that relaxed “ S smiled.

“Me? I´m perfectly fine!” I said, leaned back and tried to look chill, but there was no way I could even relax for a second if I wanted to stay dry, so this show didn´t last long. Soon I was all squirmy again with that shiny nervous smile back on my face.

“Now I´m laughing at you, not with you! “ S said, and I could understand.

With all this people around, we already had some of them looking at us with the way we dressed, so I tried not to draw even more attention by making my need obvious. I didn´t cross legs or hold myself, I was just constantly shifting weight and moving my legs, but I must have appeared very restless.

I drank my tonic water much faster than S drank his beer. I think he slowed it down on purpose, but he was kind enough to offer me to help him empty his glass. I did. It would do no harm, I knew I´d pee myself anyway long before those gulps of beer would be hitting my bladder, and now I really felt like moving on.

“How long do you have left” S asked.

“Not so long”.

“Ok then, let´s go for a walk”

You never really know what the gravity will do to your desperation when you stand up after being seated for a while. I realised when we started walking that I was much fuller and heavier than before sitting down, and now my bladder was hurting a little bit. I made sure not to walk fast, but was still surprised I didn´t leak a single drop yet, I was just breathing heavily. We reached the park area. S was again checking my dryness with his hand in my gusset when nobody was in sight. He asked me how I felt.

“It´s tough… and sooo good”

All night I had been excited and turned on. But now I started to really feel it. My bladder had started to push just the right erotic buttons from within, and it felt wonderful and frustrating at the same time.

We started walking down towards the city lake, crossed the big road and walked down some stairs. I expected to leak but didn´t, not even when I stumbled. I could feel a remarkable hotness down there though, but it wasn´t pee, not yet. I was impressed. My muscles must be in good shape these days.

“I just need to be somewhere alone with you now” I said.

The hold had lost it´s importance. I was on the verge of wetting myself and that was what turned me on, but now my need for stimulance was way bigger than my need to pee. We passed an empty restaurant and kept walking on the bicycle/walking path on the left side of the lake. We stopped there, pushing ourselves close against each other. I could feel his hardness, and it made my urge to be touched even stronger. When nobody was around, he sneaked his hand down between my legs. Holding had lost it´s importance, it just felt so fantastic being in this condition, fight with it and against it. I felt the familiar feeling of a growing warmth when I couldn´t resist the pressure and had my first leak.

“Now you´ve wet yourself” he said.

“Just a little”

“No, that wasn´t a little”

My pants were wet in the crotch. That made me hunger even more. I started rubbing myself on the outside of my pants, I clenched and relaxed myself into a semi-orgasm and sacrificed another little leak in the waves of it, while I was shaking and moaning. I was now completely losing it, and then I don´t mean losing my pee. In fact the only thing I still had at least some control over was my bladder, the rest of me was clearly insane. I was getting close to a real climax, rubbing myself, leaning against S, when he said “Ehm, it´s pretty obvious what you´re doing now”. We were still in good view of anyone who could appear any second on the tracks, and they also did, every other minute. S had a hard time telling me to stop and be quiet when that happened. We needed to move.

S spotted a dark place between some trees a little further away, and led me there. We were well hidden in the shadows. From a distance nobody would be able to even see us there, but we were still just a few meters from the path, and had to keep watch. That means, S had to. I was still completely out of it, didn´t care for anything else than this intensity going on.

Thinking back at this I blush a little. I´ve had intense holds before, at home, but being in public like this and unable to contain myself was something new, it was almost a little scary but also very hot.

My memory is a little bit blurry, I was probably lost in myself, and not much aware of how S was doing, but was nicely surprised when he suddenly told me to look, pointing down at his hard dick sticking out of his fly. It spasmed and cum exploded out in squirts onto the ground. He just couldn´t hold it back, he said, it was either that or in his pants. That sight didn´t exactly cool me down…

Now after several semi orgasms and more wetness, the urge for just letting go and wet myself was getting bigger. At next leak I felt how awesome it would be to just let it keep flowing, but using all my will power I could still stop it.

“Are we gonna try to save the shoes?” I said. S had a look around, and saw the big stone in the shadows of the tree right behind us. Leaning against it could work.

My body was longing so much for letting go. I leaked heavily as I sat down, but managed to stop, as people were just about to pass by. The path was so close, so even if they wouldn´t see what we were doing in the shadows behind that tree, they would hear the sound of my pouring pee if I´d let go. I needed to wait just a little more.

When S told me the coast was clear, I took out the cards from my pockets, and allowed my bladder to relax. The wetting was incredible and like a long orgasm in itself. I peed in full force right through my pants with my legs spread, felt my butt get all warm, and saw the wide river forming between my legs. It came so fast I couldn´t avoid some trickles following my pants all the way out of my legholes and into my shoes, but I didn´t care much about it, this just felt so good.

All shaky I got up on my feet, and felt the wetness cling to my legs. The very physical arousal from holding a bladder full to it´s limit was now replaced by the more psychological naughty feeling of knowing I had just wet myself completely, emptied a very full bladder in my suit pants.

“Unfortunately our only option for walking back is to take the street passing by all those bars, and no bullshit, it´s obvious, they will all see you wet your pants“ S said. I didn´t really believe him, I knew he was just teasing me the way I wanted him to, but I liked to hear him say it.

We walked back towards the main street, that was still busy. It was funny to pass by the bar where I so recently sat squirming around, now coming back calm and relaxed, but with wet pants. My wetness had soaked in, and you´d really have to know what to look for to get the full picture, so I´m almost certain I got away with it. But most important was, S knew. We were sharing this moment . Not only did he know I´d wet myself, he also knew how much I´d loved it, and how the minutes before I had been so powerfully aroused I lost control of myself in a way I think I´ve never experienced before.

Back at the hotel room my bladder had filled up again, so I took off my shoes and suit jacket and stepped into the shower. Once again I just relaxed, felt the warm pee reheat the cold wet patches down my legs and feet, I saw the growing puddle on the bathroom floor, and the rivers making their way down the drain as I finished peeing.

Now we were in privacy and could finally fully give in to all the built-up tension. Still standing in my soaking wet clothes, I was given my long awaited climax, and almost collapsed on the floor.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2021-08-30 08:02

{{On 8/26/2021 at 7:21 AM, watchingherhold said:

What a lovely experience for you both. Brilliantly told and in great detail.

Thank you so much for sharing. I loved it.

}}

Thanks! Glad you liked it!

Yeah, it was a lovely experience, even writing it down was very hot.

