Five Girls Holding in a Van

Author: Calicot

*000*2017-06-25 06:40

This is a story from my college days. My Junior year of college I was on an athletic scholarship. This took up most of my time. I had practice every day and competitions almost every weekend. The program was fairly new so we didn't have great funding. Most of the sports at our school were allowed to either fly or take coach buses to their competitions. We had to take dodge caravans everywhere. The farthest we had to go was about eight hours. Our coaches tried to only stop for gas as we were always on a strict schedule. This caused the members of our team to become quite desperate depending on the length of the drive.

There were five girls in our van that day. We had done well at our conference and went out to dinner before making the long ride home. We had a six hour ride home. We didn't start our journey until about 7 or 8 pm. We had a large team and it was difficult to get seating at most restaurants. My team had a bad habit of drinking too much soda before a long drive home. Unfortunately for me I didn't enjoy seeing anyone on my team desperate. I just wasn't attracted to them. But oh well.

We had been driving for about 4 hours before someone voiced their need. They asked if we could stop so they could pee and our coach said they would have to wait until we found a gas station. We were in the middle of nowhere so it would be a while. The entire van groaned in agony at the prospect of having to wait an unknown amount of time to empty their bladders. I didn't mind much. I was desperate but I knew I could wait until we reached campus if I really had to.

Another half hour had gone by before someone else voiced that they were desperate. It was amusing how difficult it was for these girls to hold their pee. They really didn't have strong bladders, which was surprising since we had been traveling like this for months now. My coach rolled her eyes and said that they would have to wait until we found a gas station.

At this point my team began to complain. They said multiple times that they needed to pee now. A few wanted to pull over and go on the side of the road they had to go so bad. I knew they weren't exaggerating their need. Most of the girls had their purses in their laps probably attempting to hide the fact that they were holding themselves. One girl sat in the bad sitting on her heal whining about how she wouldn't be in her predicament if our team had coach buses.

After a while the van went quiet. My teammates had become statues. All of them trying to sit as still as possible holding their very full bladders. A few were mindlessly scrolling through social media while the others stared out the window with their ear buds blasting music I couldn't make out. I was content with how full my bladder was. I had my thighs clenched together. My panties were slightly damp from how turned on I was from the pressure in my bladder and the micro-leaks my muscles had been slowly leaking out. I knew that I could continue to hold for quite a while. As long as I didn't continue to consume water or move around too much.

We were almost back to campus when the van in front of us sped up. Everyone was confused until our couch pressed the pedal to the floor and began weaving through traffic. Our bodies jolted back and forth as we weaved from lane to lane barely avoiding cars around us. We were going at least 80 mph as our coached tried to keep up with the van in front of her. My teammates held on to whatever they could to keep their balance. One of them complained that 'she had to pee too bad for this kind of nonsense.' I had to agree. The effort it took to stay upright was taking away from my mental ability to hold the contents of my bladder.

We sped and weaved for what felt like forever until finally we swerved into the parking lot of campus and the van skidded to a stop. My teammates yelled at my coach complaining about how irresponsible and how badly they had to pee. I secretly wondered if any of them had leaked. I doubted it.. I didn't think too long on it. I just wanted to get out of the car.

I quickly grabbed my equipment and my duffle bags before hobbling into the school with the rest of the girls. I had to wait for someone to find their fob out of their purse which seemed like forever. As we waited my teammates squirmed and bounced up and down not caring that everyone knew they were about to wet themselves. I was the only one who seemed to be unaffected by my bladders contents and they glared at me probably jealous that I wasn't as desperate as they were. After a few moments the girls began to complain that it was taking too long and began knocking on the glass door to have the night desk clerk open the door for them. The door buzzed open and three of the girls ran inside leaving their belongings inside. They ran to a small bathroom around the corner. I stayed behind to drag their belongings out of the way in case anyone else came in behind us.

A few minutes later my teammates cam back looking very relieved and thanked me for moving their stuff. I have no idea if any of them leaked at all. We wore joggers over our uniforms so if any of them leaked at all while waiting to get into a stall I wouldn't have known. I have a good feeling that one of them probably did though. She kept looking down at her crotch every few moments the entire way back to our dorms.

I waited until I got back to my dorm and changed out of my uniform before making my way to the communal bathroom in the middle of the hallway. I peed for almost two minutes. It felt amazing to finally release the pressure that was on my bladder. I quickly took a shower and went to bed sadly not having anyone to share my excitement with.

That's all I have for now.

