Stupid Blood Tests!

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-08-19 18:42

Now. I have to put it on record that I need certain medications, and therefore must go to blood tests frequently. Their usually no big deal for me, since I've grown used to the, but yesterday was different. My mom had decided that, since it was her day off, she wanted to come with me. Naturally, I told her it was her decision if she wanted to come or not. My blood tests are always scheduled in the early mornings, since I'm normally told to be fasting for this. This is where things all begin.

Because I had to fast, I knew I wouldn't have to wake up to make breakfast, so I could sleep in a little. Things is, I slept in little too much, and only had tie to get dressed and rush for the public bus with mum. That of course meant I didn't have time to go to the bathroom, and trust me, the need was bad.A typical wait in the hospital is about a half hour to a full hour just for registration, but it was a sloe day for patients that day so we were able to register right away, and headed down to the waiting room. I had told mom I needed to go to the bathroom, but she told me to wait until after they called my name. Me being a good girl (thought I'm already 22) obeyed my mother.

After about a half hour of waiting and squirming, My name was finally called. The blood test went alright, but due to the waiting time, I didn't get the chance to go to the bathroom before leaving. If I had gone, we would have missed the bus back home. At this point, my desperation was beyond painful, but since I was in a bus, I made chit chat with mom, not wanting my need for a bathroom to show. Due to construction on the roads, what would have been a half fifteen minute buss ride became a half hour, and trust me, bladder contractions were really bad. I thought I'd loose control in my seat, but somehow managed it to our bus stop. Our apartment building is not that far from the stop, so I knew I would be able to make it. But just as we got into the doors, mom's irritable bowel syndrome kicked in. Needless to say, she darted up the stairs, and got to the bathroom before I did. I managed to climb up the stairs, though it wasn't easy.

I went to the kitchen to wait for the bathroom, but of course, with mom's problem, it's hard to tell when she'll be done. At this point I was shamelessly pee-pee dancing around the kitchen, holding onto my crotch from under my skirt. The sounds in the bathroom told me mom wasn't going to be done for a while, so I would have to wait longer. Unfortunately... Someone had decided to mow their lawn, and I have pollen allergies. Tying as hard as I could, I attempted to keep myself from sneezing, only to fail.

That sneeze was the dynamite that blew the dam. It all came out in one giant gush. It felt so good to finally have that pressure gone, but now I had a puddle to clean up. When mom asked me what happened, I was too embarrassed to tell her the truth, but knew I was a terrible liar. I told her what had happened, and went to go get the mop. After clean up, I was so exited that I needed to shower. It's a good thing mom is understanding, but then I guess she can't really get mad, since she knew it was a bit her fault for not letting me go while I was in the hospital.

*002*2010-08-19 19:28

{{ 

Firstly: Nyyaaa.. Blood Tests.. Needles... x.x

Secondly: That sucks to be in a situation like that, and it was a little typical of another problem to crop up once you got within range of a toilet D:

}}

Augh. It couldn't be helped. Mom's had that problem for years now. Often found myself having to wait for her to finish many of times.

*005*2010-08-20 18:09

{{ 

Yea, would been much worse in public o.o

I hate blood test DX they hurt like heck DX

}}

Sometimes, when I go to the blood tests, the doctor has to prick each arm three times before finding a vain. Then a big bruise forms from the puncture marks, and their very noticible.

I was lucky to have been able to get a doctor that found a vain on the first shot. Who knows if I would have made it home if it hadn't been for that.

*007*2010-08-20 19:45

{{ 

Whenever I went for blood tests he took blood from the elbow, so the skin was really sensitive, but at least he found the vein without any issues x.x

}}

I would much rather they take the blood from the top of my hand. O.e. From the elbow just sound excruciating!

*009*2010-08-20 20:01

{{ 

When I say elbow, I mean the inner-part, since I don't know what to call that part... xD

}}

OH! XD Yeah, that's where they usually take the blood from, but sometimes my veins are a little hard to find. After they get the blood, my arm always stays sore for a good few hours after.

*011*2010-08-20 20:11

Maybe it depends on the doctors too. Either way, I still hate blood test. gimme the willies something wicked. Nervousness often makes things worse too. Both for blood tests, and bathroom need.

*013*2010-08-21 03:25

{{ 

Blood tests used to make me come close to passing out.

Eventually I learned to just look away and keep my mind off what was going on as it happened, and it's a lot less "painful."

(They really aren't painful, it's just your so heavily thinking it will be)

For me, for some reason the sight of my own blood can make me feel dizzy and lightheaded.

}}

I usually can look away as they put in the needle, and then instinctively look at the vile fill up.

I just don;t like when I have to wait for hours before actually getting the tests done, when the appointment was scedualed for a certain time.

