A little MMO omo for yall!

Author: starry-eyed

*000*2018-12-02 17:43

It’s been a while since the last time I’ve posted, and there’s been a few developments in my life! I’ve been experiencing some health issues that made continuing my usual omo habits a little difficult, but I’ve fully recovered by now! After a few experimental holds to see how well my bladder could do, but not pushing it too far, I finally decided to get into a more serious hold one day when I was home alone.

Anyone that knows me personally knows that I’m a pretty big fan of gaming; I’ll play lots of MMOs (usually the worse they are, the better, for my own ironic entertainment). Just lately, I finally started playing one that came out a few years ago, and much to my delight, the plot was just as awful as I’d heard. To add to the entertainment, a newer friend of mine played with me over a voice call, as we both find great amusement in the unironically awful games that can be found when browsing the internet.

For a quick introduction, this new friend of mine is called Ava! She’s a college student like me that I met on campus in a local tea shop, as we’re both complete tea snobs. The two of us hit it off almost immediately, and while she doesn’t know a thing about my omorashi kink, I won’t lie, I really do hope our relationship progresses to the point where I will be able to tell her about it. I won’t get too hopeful now, though, as it’s still a fairly new relationship!

Anyways, since I realized I also really, really wanted to try testing my limits a bit after so long away from the omo scene, I thought of a rather intriguing premise. And by that, I mean purposely doing a hold while playing the aforementioned MMO with Ava.

She’s avid about her planning, so we had a set time where we’d start playing, and I knew when I needed to start my hold in order to be properly desperate while we were playing. I decided that I would go to the bathroom once in the morning, drink normally until noon, and once I was home and out of classes, I would start up with some tea, and water.

I should mention, it is wintertime where I live, so it’s the perfect weather for me to break out all my favourite drinks (that also conveniently happen to be diuretics). I really didn’t have much of an issue up until noon, other than a slight urge thanks to the tea I drank that morning (a lovely cinnamon apple, highly recommend to all the other tea drinkers out there!). I ate lunch as normal, but drank a whole bottle of water along with it to get the process going.

Before I hopped on the computer with Ava, I also had a mug of tea, had started half a water bottle, and had made some more tea to sip while I was playing with her.

We hopped onto voice chat around 1:30, at which time I was already definitely starting to feel the effects of all I had drunk so far. It wasn’t anything too worrying, but I could already feel the anticipation bubbling in my stomach for when it would get much worse, surely soon.

(Honestly, at this point, I hadn’t even decided if I was going to try to make it to the end of the call. I only promised myself that no matter what, I wouldn’t stop playing to get a bathroom break. Just in case, I already had towels around the base of my seat, and had chosen a wooden chair so I wouldn’t get any cushions soaked.)

(I won’t share too many details of our conversation, for Ava doesn’t know I’m posting this and I don’t want to violate her privacy, considering that our banter about the game was also littered with regular conversation about our lives and whatnot.)

It was surprisingly easy to lose myself in the game, and while I was aware of how much I was drinking while playing, it didn’t really hit me until I started getting really desperate. It probably wasn’t much more than a half hour into our gaming session when I found myself squirming a bit, feeling that familiar ache in my bladder, pleading for release. However, when I gently felt it with my fingers, I confirmed that I could definitely still hold more. It wasn’t even close to completely hard yet. It was simply normal desperation, the time when I might take a break from gaming if I wasn’t purposely doing a hold.

Instead, I only asked to pause so I could go refill my water bottle.

Fast forward another half hour, and it was getting incredibly difficult to concentrate on the game. I was adjusting my position much more frequently, squirming in an attempt to keep my bladder’s desperate spasms under control.

My mic must have picked up some of it, or perhaps Ava noticed my lack of concentration on both our conversation and the game, as it was around this time that she asked if I was feeling okay.

I felt a heated flush of embarrassment at the realization that my discomfort was so obvious to her, but luckily, she couldn’t see me. I reassured her that I was okay and, though sounding suspicious, she let it go and continued playing with the reminder that we could stop whenever I wanted.

Obviously, I didn’t want to stop. I had come so far now that there was no turning back. I wouldn’t want to get this desperate for nothing.

When I reached down and pressed gently on my bladder during a brief break, it was nearly rock hard, like a balloon ready to burst. I had to suppress a soft moan at the sudden spasm the motion caused, my muscles tensing greatly.

If we kept playing for much longer, I knew I wasn’t going to be able to hold it. There was simply no way, not with how desperate I was and the amount of nervous excitement that filled my veins at the thought of accidentally losing control when someone else would be able to hear everything if I wasn’t quiet enough.

In a brief moment of cowardice, I turned my mic sensitivity down just in case. As much as I loved the thrill, I didn’t think I’d be able to stand the embarrassment if Ava actually heard something.

Eventually, Ava said that she’d have to get off in half an hour to get some homework done. Honestly, at this point, I was losing track of time. It took all my energy to not completely break down into a mess of desperation right there on the voice call. I was squirming like crazy, and I couldn’t even hold myself because I needed both hands to play.

My bladder felt like a huge rock between my legs, and I’m sure I had a noticeable bulge, but I didn’t want to look and lose my concentration on the game (which was already fragile enough on its own).

Soon enough, the first leak came in the form of a rush of desperation, and the only thing that stopped my from wetting myself completely was my determination to hold on as long as I could. I clenched my muscles, gritted my teeth, and kept mashing the keyboard.

After that, it quickly became harder and harder. The brief moment of relief and the dampness of my panties made my mind scream to just give up and let go. It was truly a blessing that we happened to be in the middle of a particularly harrowing boss fight at the time, so there was radio silence on both our ends and I didn’t have to worry about continuing conversation. I’m not sure if I could have, to be completely honest. My mind was laser focused on trying not to explode.

Another leak, this one much larger, and a sharp intake of breath. My bladder was absolutely aching for release, and it was then that I knew for sure there was no way I was going to make it until the end of the call. I was way too full.

The crucial moment came just moments later, when Ava let out an unexpected shout of frustration when she died for the second time fighting the boss. I jumped in surprise at the noise, forgot about keeping my muscles clenched for a single second, and the flood began. It started as a strong gush, impossible for me to stop no matter how hard I tried.

I bit my lip, mumbling some form of sympathy for Ava while trying my hardest to be completely quiet and not give any indications of the complete ecstasy of the release I had been wanting so desperately for so long.

My pants and chair quickly grew flooded, and it started to travel down the leg of my pants, dribbling down onto the floor and soaking into the towel at my feet. I was now quite thankful for that safety precaution, even if my clothes ended up soaking up most of the accident anyways.

Eventually, the flow came to a stop, and I let out a small sigh of relief. It had felt absolutely amazing to finally let go, and Ava hadn’t even noticed a thing, as far as I knew. We only kept playing for around ten more minutes before Ava bid me farewell, but I had to sit there in my own mess the entire time until I finally had the privacy to clean up.

Honestly, looking back on it now, the entire idea was completely insane (what if Ava had figured it out, after all?). It’s one of the riskiest things I’ve ever pulled, and it felt insanely dirty, but at the same time, I adored every moment of it. I’m not sure if I’m ever going to try something like this again, but it was certainly quite fun while it lasted!

