Project Partners (based on a true story-true DETAILS)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-05-02 18:39

I'm going to use fake names for this. Sounds like it should be in fiction, but it is a true story, every part. My friend was a female, in her twenties like me, and we were in college. We were project partners on a computer project. Her name was May. She was boyish, but to me she was beautiful. She had pulled-back hair, wore jeans that were not too loose or too tight, sneakers, and had on a shirt.

So we were in the computer lab on campus and she had just finished drinking a bottle of soda. Before we had dinner together and she had a cup of soda then. She had not used the bathroom since. So she pushed herself away from the computer.

In a strained voice, "I need to go to the bathroom, cause I just drank soda." The computer lab had one girls and one boys bathroom. After ten minutes she came back. She looked sad. I asked what was wrong and she said, "Ohh..." started to bounce. "One of the stalls was out of order and there were two girls ahead of me to go in the remaining one. It was taking forever so I came back here." I told her she should just go (even though I was becoming turned on...I didn't know I found her attractive as more than a friend until this day happened). "N-no, we have to finish this. Come on."

After a while, she placed a foot under herself. The free leg that dangled started to shake. I asked if she was going to be ok. May replied, "Ahhhhh. I just really gotta go!" Eventually she got up to go use the bathroom BUT she stopped, slouched, grabbed her belly, and legs turned inwards and closed. "God, I almost just lost it in my pants." She tried to posture herself, but walked out of the lab waving back and forth. She was back not long after. "Damn!" I asked what was wrong now. May said, "The stupid janitor wouldn't let me in! He was cleaning it and-." She stopped and as she sat closed her legs with her hands at her crotch. "Doh....Doh....eeee....." It was odd seeing May like this, as she was a boyish type. I've only seen girly girls squirm and dance when really needing to go.

I said to her we should Save the project and go. She didn't look like she could last much longer. She bent forward a bit, hands still to crotch. She said, "N-N-No. I ca-can hold it." Her favorite TV show was going on later and she wanted this project out of the way. "Oh no." She said, blushed. I asked what happened but she said to get back to work. But I could tell...a little leaked out. After twenty more minutes and May shifting and squirming in her seat, she couldn't take much more. Her legs crossed and shook. We finished, saved, submitted, and got up...very carefully.

Her arms crossed on her chest, legs tight, she walked out with me slowly. She said she had to go really bad and needed to go before we left. I said no prob. She thanked me and as we got closer to exiting the lab into the hall where the bathrooms were, she started to smile but it went away. There were three girls outside the ladies room, meaning the line was longer than that since it held the door open and went out it. "Jeeeeeeeeeezus!" May said. Her legs crossed in those nice jeans, looked like she would cry. A little piece of her belly hung out over the waist of her jeans.

I was surprised. I told her she should've waited before the first time, she looked tortured. She said the closest bathroom was her dorm. So we started to walk there....sadly, that meant going down a hill, half a mile walk, and up a hill. Our campus was strange. The only building on the path was the lunch hall which was closed. We had to make it to her dorm...........or as she said, "My god, I hope I don't have an a-accident in front of everyone in public." She could barely walk the way. Once we started going up the last hill, she was in pain. Said she felt fire in her gut. "I'm gonna blow!" she said to me. I held her arm and she was worried people would think we were together. I told her I don't care. That made her happy. But honestly I was so turned on at this point I was definitely asking her out after this lol

May's legs were tight together and her knees pointed inwards. We made it to the dorm's entrance. She needed her key card to get in. She looked through her bag. She was hurrying through her stuff and got it BUT dropped it on the ground and it slipped into a sewer pipe. She froze and said, "N-no. Oh no!" I banged on the door. May did not have much time left. She was rubbing herself and jumping around. She was desperate. "No no...I can't have an accident in public. Not here." Finally two more people came by and we went in after them.

She saw the bathroom and ran trying to unbutton herself before even going through the door, but stopped. She was wrestling with her button on her pants. She looked at me, eyes watery., legs crossed, hopping in place, people giggling as they passed by and looked at her. Her gut had filled with so much pee, he bladder expanded and was pushing tight against the button. She couldn't undo it. I went up to help her.......but it was too late.

Her face grew into terror and she said "Oh no....". It was loud. She started to go to the bathroom in her pants right there. People stared and some laughed. Mays face grew red and she had tears coming out . Her jeans became stained and came out onto her shoes. It leaked from under her pants. She covered her mouth and ran away, crying from embarrassment.

*002*2017-05-02 21:56

{{21 minutes ago, Ranpalan said:

You know, mentioning that the story is "absolutely true" only draws attention to the fact that people don't actually behave like this.

}}

You're free to believe whatever you'd like.

