Last night

Author: darkblue

*000*2015-08-03 08:47

So, last night I was drinking some beer while watching this site. I found a new misterpoll holding challenge and decided to start it. After getting a big bottle of water and two more bottles of beer, I began the contest, answering the questions, drinking the amounts of water and waiting for the time I was asked for. My bladder filled up slowly, then a bit faster and I felt the need to pee, scale 4 or 5.

Then a friend wrote an email and asked for a chat, so I interrupted the game for a chat, about 1 hour. All this time I felt my bladder getting really full, still drinking beer, but now playing my own holding contest. After the chat ended, I was REALLY full and was barely able to hold it. It was so naughty to chat like this, the other one not knowing about my urge. I was so full, that I peed already in my briefs, just a small stream, but they were damp now. Spontaneously I decided not to use the bathroom, but to take a towel, put it into a waste bag (an idea I found in this forum, thank you friends), take this with me in my bed and to lay it under me and pee in it. ...And so I did! As I was a little drunk from the beer I was more courageous to try it. I loved the idea but didn't make it real until then.

It was much, very much pee, and the big towel was not able to hold it all. So my bum was in a warm, wet towel within a puddle of my pee, in my bed. I felt so good and knew that this was it. I tried to sleep in this position, but it was not easy, so many thoughts in my head. After 10 minutes I had to pee again, the puddle was growing deeper. But now - go to sleep and just feel good.

But - the minute before I finally fell asleep I recognized, that my bed was getting wet... So, switch on the light again, and find out that the plastic bag was so full that it leaked at three places into my bed. Not good... I stood up, and removed the bag from my bed, me, with dripping pee from my bum to my feet, holding a heavy bag with my puddle. Fortunately, the bag had no hole, so I could just put it into the corner as it was. I could not resist to put a foot into it, stepping on the warm and wet towel, and just let the pee flow between my toes. I also took some pee with my hands and rubbed it over legs and penis. My heart was beating, I liked this so much.

I was a bit sad, that my experiment didn't go the way I wanted. But then I had to pee again, and I did it through the fabric of my t-shirt into the bag. So I had the feeling of being wet in the bed, from both sides, as there were three big spots of wetness in the bed. Then I finally went to sleep, wet and happy that I did it.

(Has definitely to be continued, but with better preparation, hope you liked it)

