Beer festival... journey home

Author: Uniee

*000*2018-07-22 10:31

Hi guys,

I've not been around much, but have still read some great stories.. and last night I had my own, again!

Friday was quite a party evening, so Saturday was a lazy morning, then pub lunch with my man. Had a pint of lager with lunch, and a large soda. Walking back hard me I got a text from my friend asking where I was, that we were leaving for beer festival (which I'd forgotten about).. I jumped into my friends car and off we went.. the beer festival was great, tried lots of samples and half pints, then queued for bus home.

As we boarded the bus my female friend mentioned that she should have had a wee, and our male friend jumped off the bus and watered the hedge. This was the first time I noticed my bladder being full, but knew I did be ok...

Getting off the bus my female friend was looking anxious, she said she was very close to wetting. I was about 7/10 so encouraged her to keep walking. She was literally squirming as we walked, our male friend was trying to make her laugh, at one point she stopped and had to squeeze (and whispered to me that she had started weeing a bit, only just able to stop)..

We got to the park, but people were around, she was actually shaking at this point.. I suggested she sit on grass and wee in her shorts as she was actually in pain. But the we saw a patch of trees.. she rushed through, pulled down her shorts and started peeing full force. Suddenly my need went from 7.5 to 9.5, hearing her hot piss nearly made me lose it in my jeans.

She emerged relieved.. I said that I was getting desperate.. but woul

*001*2018-07-22 10:38

Would make it home... I was however seriously doubting this.

I actually had to stop several times,bob and squeeze... I could see my house and I neatly started going.. She said, make a run, but knew I'd lose it. Finally got inside and tried to decide which bathroom would be best, as if one was full I couldn't make it to the other.. Made the right decision about downstairs being free... wee was coming out as I ripped my jeans down but managed to sit down before I wet...

Now reliving the experience... but might wet my pjs at the end of this one

*003*2018-07-22 10:44

{{Just now, GreenChile said:

Wish you made the wrong decision on which bathroom to pick and didn't make it lol great story, so suspenseful

}}

If I'd been alone I would've wet

*006*2018-07-22 14:51

{{1 hour ago, BlueWetter said:

Does your man know about your fetish?

If so, you should have totally came in, sat down on his lap and began making love, then totally relax and soak both of you.. Mmmmmn

}}

We have enough going on when making love to need fetish play...

*008*2018-07-24 09:05

{{On 7/22/2018 at 9:20 PM, JetStreamPhoto said:

Great to see you back again. Looking forward to more posts from you.

}}

Thanks

