Kind of caught at the garden center

Author: Jaieee

*000*2022-03-25 03:05

*I know I've been gone, but if I wanted to talk about it, I would, so don't ask

Last week I decided to start my garden. I don't have a lot of space so I am using planter boxes filled with soil. I live next to a large supermarket with a garden center, so I was able to walk over when I ran out of supplies.

I finished my bottle of ice water and walked over to the store. I hadn't been to the bathroom in a while, but I was feeling fine. I grabbed a basket and gathered a few items for dinner. After that I headed to the outdoor garden center. It's a large area and it was pretty empty. I picked out some seed packets, paid for my items and headed home.

I refilled my water bottle and finished planting my vegetables. At this point I was definitely ready to pee, but I didn't bother because I was at home. I filled my third planter box and ran out of soil. I was really disappointed because I thought I had grabbed enough, but I was glad to live minutes away from the store. I grabbed my purse and headed out the door again. As I was locking the door behind me, my bladder twinged and I paused for a moment, wondering if it would be easier to go now. I remembered how empty the store was and decided it would be fine.

I regretted my decision with each step closer to the store. The water I had drank was catching up to me, and just being at the store was making me feel frantic. Just like when your key is in the latch... I ran to the garden center and went to the soil section. I looked around and saw no other customers, so I shoved my dress between my legs. The pain in my pelvis was growing and I knew I couldn't wait much longer. I couldn't make it through the store without having an accident so I froze and stayed next to a display of gardening gloves. I squeezed my legs together and felt my dress dampen as I started leaking into my grey panties.

I was glad it was a black dress! I pulled out my phone thinking at least I could get some footage of my bare legs as I squirm to hold it in. It was almost too much to bear! Not wanting to be near any products, I shuffled out the gate and onto the sidewalk right on the corner by the parking lot. Not technically on the premises, but pretty close to the exit. My panties were warm and soaked. I set my purse down and pulled my dress up a little as piss dripped down my legs. The relief was immediate, but I started to worry about my shoes. I quickly slid them off and then relaxed back into flooding my underwear...

Only seconds later, I heard someone's cart rolling towards the exit doors. My heart skipped a beat as I looked down and saw my bare feet against the wet pavement. I dropped my dress and dropped my phone and squatted down to cover my wet spots. I reached for my shoes, hoping they would think I was just adjusting my shoes. I turned my back until they passed before grabbing my purse and running back into the garden center.

Luckily that was enough to stop me from having a worse accident somewhere else! I grabbed my bag of soil, and went to the cashier before heading back home

* I have a short clip of this... I'm interested in selling my short clips for small amounts of money... but I'm not sure how as I am very new to this, and my messages don't work here. Send me an email? [email protected]

