Share your snowpants/snowsuit peeing stories!

Author: Snowgirl

*000*2021-11-17 16:54

So, I don’t know about you, but snowpants and snowsuits are my favourite thing to wet myself in. Feeling all bundled up and trapped, knowing I’m not going to make it, then having an accident and nobody around even knowing about it… oh my god! Everything about it is so naughty

So, since winter is finally upon us and ‘it’s the season and all, I would looooove to share stories about times that, whether on purpose or accidentally, you peed your snowpants. I would also adore sharing pics/videos of snowpants/suits wetting too!

I’ll start, with a story from a long long time ago…

I’m not sure if you’ve seen my other posts, but those that have will know that growing up, peeing my snowpants was never made to be a huge deal, my parents never got upset at me over it. But still, I NEVER wanted anybody to find out about it, and didn’t love the idea of sitting in my accident for a long time, so sometimes things worked out for the worse… this is one of those times, and is why it sticks out in my memory.

I was in elementary school at the time, but in grade 8, so way too old to have accidents. We were outside for recess, the very first one of the day. It had snowed a TON the night before, and I remember busses were shut down but since I walked (yeah, 20 minutes of walking through 6 feet of snow and slush was totally worth it for a little chubby-ish 8th grade girl. I hated it), I still had to go.

I woke up that morning and realized it would take me forever to walk to school and that I was already running late. I LEAPT out of bed, got ready super quickly, put on my *cute* pink one piece snowsuit (and RAN out the door, and I am not a fast runner!! I made it to school, but was still 5 or 6 minutes late. Thankfully my teacher understood, she knew I walked. Unfortunately, in all the mayhem, I didn’t go pee, and I had to go.

So, being a shy kid, I waited till recess. When recess rolled around, there was a HUGE line at the girls washroom, and it was *not* happening. There was no way I was going to be able to hold it and stand, so I decided I could wait 15 minutes for recess to be over and at least sit, I knew I could hold it if I just sat. So, I played at recess by sitting cross legged, squirming, and helped my friends make forts and such. Basically, I just sat and pretended to help and as soon as the bell rang, I got up and made my way to the door. We had to stand and wait for the teachers to let us in, and by the time I got to the line, I knew I wasn’t going to be able to make it. All my shy-ness got thrown out the window, and I speed-walked right inside and bee lined for the bathroom.

I went in, and nobody was there! Yes! Okay okay, panic was setting in, my hands were shaking, I could barely get the stall door open and closed behind me, ohmygodohmygod, I start trying to undo the belt on my snowsuit and my stupid shaky hands couldn’t do it, and two seconds later, I feel it starting to come out. Spurt, spurt, I gasp and press my legs together, then in an instant, the dam breaks and I stand there still fidgeting with my belt buckle, and completely pee myself. Even if I did get the snowsuit off, I had sweater overtop of jean overalls on, and underneath everything I always wore onesie long underwear in the winter. I didn’t have a chance, lol.

I was so mortified, but immediately I thought “Nobody can find out”. I ended up staying in my snowsuit for the whole day, nobody even asked me about it but I have to imagine people were wondering why I wanted to keep it on. My plan, if anybody asked, was to tell them it was such a hassle to take on and off and I was feeling cold anyways. I was anxious the whole day, but thank GOD nobody made me take it off.

I remember getting home, starting my laundry, and it was all over. But oh my god, what a day!!

$

$$$$$$$$

$$$$

