Just had my first genuine loss of bladder control

Author: DataLover88

*000*2021-12-27 05:48

So at around 8:00PM, I decided to do a hold until I burst and that I would have to last until at least 1:00. I always struggle with the bursting aspect since I have not only a very large bladder, but an iron one as well. Still, I was determined, so I pushed forward.

I started off with just a small urge to go, about 3/10, and only having drank two bottles of water since the last time I peed. Because I had such a small urge and because I had to be absolutely bursting in order to lose control, I decided that I would practically chug tea since it goes straight to my bladder. In only an hour, I drank 5 cups of tea. By that point, I wasn't even full yet, maybe a 5/10, so I drank another bottle of water. I ended up drinking so much that my stomach felt much more full than my bladder, so I just had to wait. I apparently didn't have to wait very long, though. By 10:00, I was completely full and struggling to hold it, so about 8/10. By 10:30, I was bursting. My bladder jumped from 8/10 to 10/10 in less than a half hour. 

I did everything I could to hold it for the next 15 minutes to see if the desperation passed like it has before, but it was only getting worse. It got to the point where my bladder hurt when I stood up straight or moved my legs. I even leaked twice, which I rarely ever leak. I decided to end that hold early since I was only going to keep leaking rather than burst and since I still had another hour and a half before I was allowed to be this desperate. I went to the toilet and peed incredibly hard for about two minutes. It was such a big relief, but not as much as the one I planned on doing later. After I finished, I did notice that there was still some pee in there. Not only that, but my bladder was tired from the hold I just did. Even better, my stomach still had plenty of liquid in it. I knew this was about to get a lot better soon.

So, I'm at a 2/10, am full of liquid, have a weakened bladder, and have a new big challenge to complete. I was going to drink exactly as much as I drank before, and have to wait until 2:00 (starting from 10:45) since I emptied my bladder recently. I started off with the two bottles of water, which was easy as I got them down in a half hour (11:15). I was probably at a 4/10 at this point. Next, I moved onto the tea. This was much harder to do since I was already pretty full of liquid. The only thing that saved me was that I had to take breaks to brew more tea. I got them down in about 75 minutes (12:30). At this point, all the liquid I drank was moving into my bladder very quickly, especially when aided by the caffeine in the tea. By the time I finished, I was at about a 8/10. I was definitely full, but not desperate. Lastly came the bottle of water.

Since I was full of liquid regardless of my bladder, I dragged my feet on this one. My bladder was no help, though, as I had to focus on holding myself as I could feel my bladder expanding rapidly with all of the water entering it. It took a full half hour to finish this bottle (1:00). By the time I finished all of my water, I was desperate, easily at a 9/10. I had to get up and squirm just to hold on. In order to try to distract myself from my bladder a little, I tried reading an article that I had saved for later. However, I was way too desperate to focus on it. Between all of the liquid entering my bladder and its weakened state, I had to actively hold it in however I could. My legs were crossed, hands on crotch, potty dancing, you name it, I did it. I did this for about a half hour (1:30). Even though I was working to keep it all in, I wanted to have a little fun just to make sure that I could really burst when 2:00 came around, so it was time for some minor bladder torture.

First, I focused on my bladder itself. It was visibly full. I had a very big bulge. Since I'm a small and skinny guy, my stomach and pelvic area usually lay completely flat if not caved in. Now, it looked like I was pregnant. I had to angle my arms around my huge bladder bulge to more effectively hold it in or else I risked putting more pressure on my rock hard bladder. Still, that didn't stop me from doing it anyway. I poked the bulge and gave it a little squeeze to temporarily increase the pressure. Even though it made me want to release everything right then, it felt so good. I then pressed it against a wall, which put a lot of pressure on it, so much so that I leaked a little. I had to squirm for a while to keep from flooding my pants. Once the pressure was off, though, I just went back to normal desperation. I didn't like this, though, so I took the drawstring of my sweatpants and tightened it around my bladder. It definitely increased the pressure how I wanted it to.

Still, I wasn't about to burst yet, even though I was really close. I decided to shift from focusing on the pressure to teasing myself from releasing it. For some extra fun, I decided to make myself an extra cup of tea, not for drinking, though, just for time purposes. Every step I took made me very close to leaking. I had to bend down and press my legs together as I walked to avoid leaking while I was in the kitchen.

It was painstaking to wait for the water to get hot. To help take my mind off the water a little, I decided to weigh myself for a little experiment, which ended up being 56.5kgs. Right then, the water was done, then came the tea. I had to wait another 5 minutes for the tea to set, which was also very painstaking. My bladder was the fullest I think it ever has been, even in that weakened state, definitely a 10/10. It was cramping really hard trying to relieve some of the intense pressure in it. That was the longest 5 minutes of my life. When it was done, carrying the tea to my room without spilling it was a huge challenge. It was especially hard since I was leaking as I carried it and had to do everything to stop myself before I let out too much pee.

Once I set the tea down, I felt my bladder squeezed harder than it ever had before. I legitimately spurted, not just leaked, but spurted. It only lasted two seconds, but it came out so hard that I saw a wet spot form on the outside of my pants. I never experienced this before, and knew that it was only a matter of time before I actually burst. Even though I wanted to hold until 2:00 and it was only 1:45, I had to get things ready for it right now. I rushed to get new pants and underpants, as well as towels to clean myself with, the whole time I was slightly leaking. Right when I entered the washroom, another huge spurt came out, this one exactly the same as the last one, further increasing the wet spot on my pants. I quickly closed the door and stepped into the bathtub. The second my foot touched the inside of the tub, for the first time ever, my bladder finally legitimately gave in. I didn't even fully get in before hot pee starting shooting out of me uncontrollably. 

I tried my best to keep holding it in, but it was no use. My weakened and overfilled bladder combined with my extremely tired muscles just all gave out in that exact moment. The next few minutes were complete bliss as all of the liquid I drank continued to burst out of my bladder. I peed so hard that I could hear a familiar hissing noise come from inside of my sweatpants, which combined with the noise of water soaking them from the top down to make the best wetting noise I've ever heard come from me. Halfway though, I started peeing even harder than before, which I didn't think was possible until it happened. After that short powerful burst of pee, it started to taper off. I thought it was done, that is until I gave it a small push, then yet another stream started flowing out of me. This happened again four more times before I was finally completely empty and fully drenched. After that, I cleaned myself up and changed into new sweatpants.

One final thing, though. Remember how I said I weighed myself before I burst for a little experiment? Well, I weighed myself again after my bladder was emptied, and my new weight was 54.7kgs compared to the 56.5kgs before. I had 1.8 liters of pee in my bladder before I burst.

