Our second holding contest

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-06-08 21:45

This happened a few mounths ago, and I finally had the time to finish the story. First time sharing some male photos here (with my partners permission of course).

To my delight my partner had suggested we´d do a holding contest again. It wasn´t the best experience last time, because we started the hold too early, long before we got home, way too public, and S had to give in and use the train toilet. I´m glad he wanted to give it another try, but in a safe place this time.

I gave S some advantage by letting him have his last pee when I hadn´t been for an hour or two. Then we got rid of some dishes and started drinking water. To combine our fetishes we dressed up the way S wants it. He had a nice gray easily washable suit that he bought especially for these kind of activities (when we were at a restaurant the other day he made me shiver by suddenly saying “I wanna piss myself in these pants some time…” so I had already built up my excitement to see what it would be like).

I would have to use jeans, since my uniform pants were too dark to show wetting nicely, but I found in my wardrobe some tight light coloured ones that looked great with the shirt and tie S had chosen for me.

I suggested we´d go for a walk to get some daylight before it all went out of hand. Just a short one, I assured him. He was suspicious I´d take him out to some public craziness again. I had no such plans, I just wanted some fresh air and sunshine. We were both alright still even if we started to feel our bladders filling up.

We were walking back, down the road across the field. I was talking about my fetish, how it´s funny how something that for 99,7 % of the population (just my guess) is annoying or even horrible, to me feels so great. Just as I said that I suddenly felt the familiar feeling of my crotch getting warm… Just a little bit, but still something.

“Oh…” I said. “This was unsuspected, but I think you might have won... I think I just leaked… We´ll check when I get home”.

“Really? But how could that be, I´m still fine…” He was surprised to hear this, as we both had been convinced I would win this game.

“But you haven´t given birth to a child” I said, a little bit frustrated about leaking so early on in the hold. But I assumed it was because wetting was too much on my mind and my unconscious holding muscles had been given the signal “time to pee”. That has happened before.

I could clearly feel the wet spot in my underwear, and concentrated on holding the rest of the walk. In my hallway I saw it as soon as I took of my jacket. Clear red period blood had soaked through my pants. My tampon had leaked, it wasn´t pee! I was glad to be still in the game, but also very annoyed by this different kind of accident that was no fun. Off with the pants and underwear, a new tampon, and my dark grey jeans on. They didn´t match the shirt as good as the other ones, but it would do.

We sat down and had a beer and some snacks. Both our bladders started to beg for attentions, but no severe desperation yet. While standing up it was a bit worse, and it soon got more intense...

“Now I know what you´re talking about” S said. He had his dick out of his pants, was masturbating and semi-orgasming all the way, clearly enjoying the feelings of desperation, like he never really had before. Of course the way we dressed, the presence of our shirts, ties, and suits, how it looked on us, and how it felt against his skin, put him into his fetish flow too, which made it even better. It was beautiful and so hot to watch him, and it took my mind off my own urge. He said he felt like the sensations were all mixed up, like he didn´t know if he was about to come or piss himself, but it felt great. I was masturbating too, not yet at the peak point when the desperation feels the greatest, but high as a kite by this whole situation, and I could tell he felt the same.

We were using a challenge game, but with masturbation breaks inbetween to help us hold out longer. Then we got another “stand up for 10 minutes, no hands” I could see now that S started to have a hard time. He was squirming, moaning, and by instinct trying to grab his crotch before remembering he wasn´t allowed to. I must confess I loved to watch this struggle even more than I loved to watch him having a sweet time before.

He was getting closer to losing it and I was transfixed staring at his crotch area.

“Ok, It´s over” he said.

“Really? Is it coming?” My excitement boiled up, but I didn´t see anything.

“Yeah…” he said, looking down, and there was a tiny dark line appearing, following the crease of his pants. And then just some small patches on his thigh, a few small drops even making their way out of the fabric were his boxers were ending.

He was still struggling to hold the rest, and wanted to move to the bathroom.

“Are you coming with me?”

“No, you do your own business, I don´t wanna see…” I laughed. Of course I joined him. I was fascinated by how this first little accident looked, and ran to the kitchen to grab the camera. “Hurry up!” he said, and I rushed back in.

I took a few photos, and then he said he needed to let it all go. He started flooding his pants, down one of the legs, it rushed through the fabric. I had never seen him having such a brutal wetting before. I was breathlessly enjoying the scene, but had also time to snap a few photos while the pee was still running.

His pants were now dark all the way down his right leg. I wanted more pictures of him, but for a full length photo I was too close and had to get out of the bathroom. Now my own urgency was starting to hit me, so I was a frantically pee-dancing photographer, and couldn´t really concentrate on the focus and exposure settings on his advanced camera. “I don´t give a damn about adjusting this stuff now”, I said, “But you have to!” he complained, probably more because it amused him to see me squirm than because he wanted good quality pictures of himself in pissed pants, but that´s just my guess... I did my best, but it sure wasn’t easy, and I soon gave up. So, well, sorry about unequal pics quality, at least you know why…

I put away the camera and got into the shower, trying to ignore the connection telling the brain shower means pee-time. I was now myself reaching the fantastic desperation level where I´m on the edge of leaking, craving to be touched because it feels so damn good, and for a long time I was standing there achieving one semi-orgasm after another by repeatedly clenching and relaxing my muscles while rubbing myself or letting S help me out with his hand. In the relaxation moment during one of these small orgasms I couldn´t help but leak some. 

S moaned as his hand got all wet, and when it kept happening wet patches were slowly growing down my thighs. I wasn´t ready to give up yet, so we both masturbated for another while. Me with closed eyes, one hand in my soaked panties, and the other one touching my wet thigh, in my urge to feel just how wet I already am. Him sitting in front of me, enjoying the scene, stroking his dick, close to cumming. I kept leaking, but still didn´t lose more than short spurts.

After taking some kinky photos of me S said he needed to pee again and asked me where I wanted him to do it. I suggested down his dry leg, and since I had started to lose patience to hold I decided that it could be nice to let go and wet myself while he did. That thought alone was enough to immediately take away my last control, I started wetting sooner than I intended to, but allowed it to happen, emptied my bladder completely, felt the relief and hotness of my pee flowing down my legs and feet, before I watched S doing the same.

After taking care of all neccessary business we were clean and dry again, preparing dinner in the kitchen, exhausted, happy and so grateful for what we can give each other. holdch1.CR2holdch1.CR2

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-06-14 22:28

{{On 6/9/2021 at 1:29 AM, talks2much said:

This is great, love all the masturbation that went with it

}}

Yeah, my partner said i made a porny description of this experience, but he liked it.

{{On 6/13/2021 at 8:59 AM, Bisonwin said:

Love the outfits

}}

Yeah, they´re great. I love jeans wetting, but still need to find some light coloured neat dress pants for me too, to stick with the dress-code.

