Most Daring Wetting Yet

Author: lihp

*000*2016-09-23 16:45

I decided to leave work early today to get some errands done before the weekend. One of the errands I need to do is laundry, I am actually out of clean clothes at this point due to moving. This morning, I put on a pair of white panties under the khakis that I wear to work. I usually wear boxer briefs in public, but being out of clean clothing, I decided to be a bit daring and wear panties instead.

I did not let myself use the restroom at work today and I drank quite a bit of water. By the time I walked out the door at noon I had to go quite badly. It is important for me to separate out my fetishes from my work life, they don't mix at all. No panties, no accidents, no diapers, etc at work. Today I decided to be more daring after I was out of the building. Once I made it to the parking lot lot I decided to not actively hold my bladder and see what happened as I walked to my car. True to form, I felt myself start to go into my panties. The wet spot was obvious on the front of my khakis, and down my right leg. I clenched down after a few seconds to stop the flow, made it to my car and started my short commute back to my apartment building. For fun, I let out of few spurts on the way home to keep the accident warm and fresh.

I pulled into the parking lot. It was around 12:30 in the afternoon and there weren't many people around. I still had to make it from my car to the apartment with it completely obvious that I had peed my pants. I made it without being seen, I think. The chance of getting caught either in the parking lot near work or at my apartment was a rush.

Once inside the apartment, I took off the wet pants and put on a pair of pink pajama pants. I still was quite desperate to go at that point. I sat on the toilet and just let it all out. Now I am lying in bed on a towel, looking at this site, in completely soaked panties and pajama pants. It is a beautiful feeling, especially that excitement of knowing that I put myself out there with a public accident today.

