Wetting At Home

Author: Cottontailz

*000*2012-09-03 07:21

This is my first personal wetting story I've shared on this site, so take it easy on me.

This wetting happened a couple of days ago. I've wanted to share something for awhile, but it's taken a bit to muster up the courage and energy.

Like any other normal day of the week, I was up by around 4:30 to get ready for a long day at work. I ALWAYS pee first thing in the morning and this day was no different. By 5 o'clock, I was out the door and on the way to work.

My day went on as usual. The only note worthy difference was that I found myself extra thirsty. On my first 15 minute break, I quickly downed an entire 16 oz bottle of water. On my lunch break, I drank more water along with a can of soda. I might add that my bladder is fairly average sized. I don't have amazing holding capacity, but I don't have a pee sized pouch. I normally pee around 4 times a day, depending on my fluid intake.

An hour after my lunch break, I was beginning to feel the fullness in my bladder. Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately ;) ), I didn't have time to run to the bathroom due to a super busy shift. I was running to and fro trying to keep up with all the changes going on at my company. I recall complaining once or twice to the other lady working with me about my need to pee. I only had to deal with this for 2-3 more hours before I was done working for the day.

I all but forgot about my need to pee on my walk out to the parking lot. By the time I did remember, I was already getting into my car. I figured I might as well hold till I got home. At this point I was only at a level of discomfort. If needed, I would be perfectly fine holding for awhile longer which was a good thing. Sitting in the car must have helped relax my bladder muscles and ease my comfort, because I decided that I felt comfortable enough to stop by the grocery store for a few necessities.

Keep in mind, I could have used the restroom at the store. My closest supermarket is only a few minutes away from my workplace. Before I got out of my vehicle, I took a few thirsty gulps from my nearby water bottle. I got out and stood up and quickly felt the fullness of my bladder. It was at the point where I felt a constant need to pee and it made me a bit anxious to be out in public.

I made my errand a quick one. I grabbed my items and rushed to the nearest checkout. I felt my first strong wave of desperation hit, making me wince. All at once I felt flustered, anxious to leave, and slightly exhilerated. I felt my pulse quicken whilst my face blushed.

I stood in line rocking on the balls of my feet trying to quell my desperate urges to pee. I knew I'd be able to hold for awhile longer, but I still felt extremely full. I don't know if I've ever been so desperate to pee in public and the whole idea of it all turned me on. It was at that point that I decided I would be going for a full out holding at home.

Finally, I had paid for my items and made it back out to my vehichle. After tossing my groceries into the other seat, I sat down and unbuttoned the top of my jeans. It wasn't much, but I felt a bit of relief as my bladder was given more room to expand. I started up my car and headed home. The whole trip home I kept one hand between my legs helping me hold. It wasn't so much to keep myself from wetting, but more to give me a bit of relief from my desperate bladder. Here and there, I also took a few swigs from my water to make my hold a little more exciting.

I arrived home about 20 minutes later. My desperation was still durable, but edging on very uncomfortable. First thing, I began on putting away my few food items. I had some vegetables that needed to be put into the bottom drawer of my fridge. I opened the fridge and squatted down to neatly place everything. This position really helped to ease some of the presure off my urethra, so I stayed like that for a bit, before I decided to get up.

I decided on a change of clothes first. I put on an old pair of yoga pants that I normally enjoy wearing for a hold. They're comfortable, they don't squish my bladder, and I don't mind if I get pee on them. I slipped on a simple t-shirt and an old pair of socks. Underneath my clothing (since some of you will want to know) I wore a simple grey and white striped thong. I grabbed a towel hanging up in my bathroom and made my way to my couch.

Here, I folded my towel in half and plopped onto my couch. I'm not one to risk getting pee on my furniture and such. I don't want my house to reek! (eek!). I laid back and let out a nice sigh. Then, I lifted up my shirt so that I could get a good look at my buldge of a bladder. It was beginning to look quite prominent now. I gently rubbed my abdomen and felt how full my bladder was. A gave a gentle push on my bladder and winced.

I remember turning on the tv, but I don't remember what was on. My mind was soley focused on holding. As my need to pee increased my waves of desperation began to come more frequently. They hit like a hard beach wave crashing down on your head. I used one hand to hold myself between my legs during each wave of desperation. I gasped when another wave hit hard and I felt my bladder tightening, my muscles protested against my holding and tried to force a spurt of pee out. I managed to hold on without losing a drop, but it was agony. The pressure did eventually subside so that I was able to relax again.

I decided that after my last close call, I was nearing the end of my hold. I made my way to my bathroom. (I prefer to wet in the bathroom for an easy clean up). Once there, I turned on the sink and ran it for a bit. I put one hand underneath and moaned as I felt my pee muscles begin to tighten again at the sensation of warm running water. I kept my hand under the faucet and stroked my achingly full bladder. I let out a groan. While I felt extremely desperate to pee and my bladder felt full to bursting, I also was enjoying this all. The whole situation had me extremely turned on. I guess my only other wish would be to have someone to share this excitment of holding with.

I turned off the faucet and sat down on the rim of my bathtub. I was so desperate for a pee, that I could hardly sit still. I kept both hands rammed between my legs to help me hold, but nothing seemed to really help anymore. I stood up again and began to pace my small bathroom. Suddenly, I was hit by the worst need to pee yet. I bent over and shoved both hands into my crotch to try and keep my pee in. I felt a spurt of pee escape my pee hole and I fell down onto my knees and held on for dear life with both hands.

I managed to hold onto all my pee other than that first small spurt. I somehow got up off the floor and staggered into my bathtub. As soon as I stepped in, I was hit by another strong wave. I squatted down and didn't even try to hold on as I lost another major squirt of pee. I lost a good 2 second stream. I stayed squatting in my bathtub and rubbed at my aching pee hole. I knew I didn't have long before I finally lost total control and emptied my overfull bladder. I rubbed my bladder a bit beore pressing down on it. It hurt so bad and I moaned. I pressed down a bit harder and began to spurt again. Oh it felt so good to let some pee out of my bladder. I pressed down once more, and suddenly all hell broke lose and I'd lost total control.

I simply stayed there, squatted down in the bathtub, until my bladder finally emptied out it's last drop. The feeling of my empty bladder was pure bliss!! Amazing. I love the feeling of finally emptying myself and gosh I was so freaking turned on... something to be dealt with later.

Thanks for reading! Comments, suggestions, and criticism is appreciated!

~Cubsicles

*006*2012-09-19 08:37

Hey guys thanks for all the feedback! I love knowing that my work is appreciated. <3

*010*2012-09-21 20:50

Thanks again guys! I'll probably work on getting some more of my experiences up sometime in the new future. (:

