Pissing At The Movies

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2016-05-29 04:28

Hey all, a number of people liked my last story about Grasen so I thought I'd share another one.

First off, let me just clarify some stuff. I don't know how lucky I am. Hell, I'm only 20 years old, and I've had a decent number of wetting experiences. From people I wasn't attracted to, and a lot of people I was/is attracted to, I've seen it all. I want to share from my high school days up until recent wettings I've experienced, because a.) I've experienced a few back in my school days and b.) I would rather start from the old and work to the new.

Now, like I said about how lucky I am. Grasen is seriously a gorgeous girl. Unfortunately, I don't talk to her anymore, because of reasons that got in between us. I don't want to bore you guys and gals with that. But aside from that, let's share this story up.

So I remember I was hanging out with Grasen and her friends. We all went to the movies as a group. I can't remember what movie it was, but I remember it being funny. (SPOILER- the way I remember this is because Grasen ended up wetting herself laughing so hard. Writing this, I'm beginning to think that maybe she really did have a fetish. I know it's not easy to piss yourself involuntarily when laughing too hard.)

Anyways, we were ordering popcorn and drinks and all that good stuff, when Grasen randomly started getting a little antsy. She was sort of walking around a little bit in the line with us.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, I'm fine...don't worry about it," Grasen said with a smile.

We started ordering our snacks. Grasen ordered a large drink.

"Grasen, you're a small girl, do you think you can even manage drinking all that?" I joked to her.

"Hey...you don't think I can drink this all by myself, don't you?" I bet her that she couldn't. "Actually, can I get an extra-large drink?" She said, smirking at me.

"Wow...you're gonna need to piss something fierce when you're done drinking it," I said.

"I already need to piss," Grasen said. "Can I just use the bathroom before we go watch the movie?" I was just about to say yeah, when her friend Sophie turned and said, "No, we're already late for the movie. We're not waiting for you."

So we walk into the movie theater. "I've gotta make sure you drink it all," I said. So I sat next to her. That was only half of the reason why I wanted to sit next to her. Other than the fact I liked her, I hoped for the possibility of her wetting herself again.

We sat down, but the movie was already playing. Honestly, I can't remember what movie it was, or what it was even about, because I was more focused on Grasen than I was on the movie. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't creepily staring at her throughout the movie or anything lurky like that, but every now and then I would nonchalantly glance over at her. She was sipping on her drink a lot. I guess she was determined to prove me wrong or something, haha. Within 10 or 15 minutes or something like that, she was finished with her drink.

"Told you I could do it," Grasen whispered, grinning.

"Ah, well, congrats," I whispered back. "Grasen [Last name will be unmentioned], you just drank the world's largest beverage. How do you feel now that you have completed this daring stunt?"

"I don't know," she said. "But my bladder feels like it's gonna explode any second..." She snickered.

She did the normal "I need to pee really bad" signs throughout the movie. You know, the hand on crotch-bouncing leg-crossed legs-sighing bit. The desperation was like any other.

"Grasen, why don't you just pee?" I finally said.

"I don't want to miss anything in this. I hate missing things in movies. I'll just wait until the movie is over to pee, I guess."

Now this is where more suspicion of her possible fetish comes into play. I was as horny as a dog then. I was so aroused, I was actually light-headed and a little dizzy. Well, I guess she could see I was more focused on her desperation than the movie. Because that's when it happened.

Something funny happened in the movie. Grasen laughed out loud, titling her head back to laugh. She took her hand off of her crotch to place it on her chest. She uncrossed her legs to lean forward, laughing. She leaned back again, and we both looked down at her tight black yoga pants. I really couldn't see much of what was happening as it was dark in the theater, and her pants were black. But I knew what was happening. We both made eye contact. I pretended not to know what was happening. "What?" I said laughing.

"I'm peeing my pants!" She yelled. People in the audience started to look, but I guess couldn't see so they turned back to watch the movie.

"Wait, for real?" I said.

"Yes!" She spread her legs to show me. Yep, she peed. Actually, she was still going. I could barely see it because of the lights being dimmed, but sure enough, a huge river came out of her crotch, spreading all over of the seat.

"Oh my god, Grasen," said Sophie.

"Really? Again?" said another one of her friends.

Her friends were trying to make her feel bad. I didn't want to be an ass and start getting mad at her, in fact, I was contemplating THANKING her and possibly even kissing her. Sort of wish I did. Instead of laughing at her like her friends did, I laughed with her. Her friends went back to watching the movie. We both were laughing about how she was wetting. "I can't believe you pissed yourself again!" I said.

"I'm still peeing!" she said. I heard dripping on the floor. She closed her legs to try and stop. "Did that help?" I asked.

"No, I'm still going," she said. She had a look of worry on her face. "Oh," she moaned. "My pants are gonna be covered, I can't stop going...and I just bought these, too...."

I felt a little bad. "Just try and stop it with your hand or something?" She did.

"That stopped it, I guess...eh, whatever, I've had to pee all day long, I just haven't had the time to go to the bathroom. I guess now is my only chance to actually use it." Grasen whispered.

"What do you mean?"

"Like, I still really, really need to go. I'll just go the rest right here, I guess," she said. Sure enough, she spread her legs again. I looked and saw that river coming out again. Just then, the movie ended, and the lights came on. As everything got bright, I look at Grasen. Her eyes were closed and her head was titled back. She had a look of relief on her face. Her friends ended up just walking out of the movie, embarrassed about Grasen. I stayed. Grasen opened her eyes. "Did they leave?" she asked.

"Yeah...assholes. Are you done peeing?" I replied.

"No," she stood up. Her ass was drenched. "I'm still going, I'm almost done." Her stream now went all over the sides of her legs and to the front. After like 10 or 15 seconds, she said she was done. People in other rows walked past and stared at Grasen, giving her dirty looks and glaring. Someone said, "Go back to preschool, bitch." We ignored it, but Grasen looked embarrassed. "Hey, it's okay," I said. "This happens to tons of people."

"Yeah, I guess you're right." We stared at the mess she made and started laughing about it. Her seat? Absolutely soaked. They're cloth seats, with metal at the ends. The cloth absorbed a lot of her piss like a sponge. But the floor was a pretty good sized puddle. And she stood in it. She felt the seat. "Oh my god, it's so wet," she said as she looked at her pants. "Look at my pants!"

Her pants were ruined. They were those loose type of yoga pants. The ones that start off tight at the top, and at the bottom are baggy. Anyways, her legs were covered and the pants stuck on tight close to her skin. She wore light brown moccasins that were now dark brown and wet.

"We should probably go home now," she said. She led the way, where I had full-access view of her ass, which was covered in piss due to her sitting and peeing. As I walked past her seat, I quickly felt it. God damn, what a mess she made.

Anyways, that's the end of my story, I hope you guys liked it. I only have a few more stories to share about Grasen's accidents, so I'll save those for other times. I'll tell more stories about other people in the meantime. I'm also willing to make friends too, just add me as a friend and we can chat in the private messages! Anyways, what are your thoughts on this? Thanks for reading!

*002*2016-05-29 04:36

{{2 minutes ago, theweeman said:

Thanks so much. I wish I knew her. Haha! And good on you for sticking by her in that situation!

}}

I can private message you to tell you why we don't speak anymore, it's sort of weird haha. But it was good knowing her when I did because I did get to experience a lot of...."situations" call it as you will from that lol.

*004*2016-05-29 04:43

{{6 minutes ago, theweeman said:

Yeah go for it man!

Btw, she sounds kinky and defO fetish potential.

}}

Definitely man haha

