Hottest time I have wet

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2022-04-14 10:50

Okay so hey its been ages since ive been on this website - been busy and also had a boyfriend for a while (over now lol) and he wasnt in to this stuff so i just havent been on. I have a good couple more stories i would love to share that have happened recently.

One of my favourite things happened at a party the other week. So just off the heels of my recent ish breakup i decided to go out partying with a group of friends and ended up in manchester gay village (really cool clubs and alot of people my age) anyways let me set the scene...

I was wearing a short purple dress as it really warm that week and my favourite pair of purple underwear (i love purple). We turned up to my friends house near the train station to do pres before leaving for manchester which is about a 20 minute train journey. I got drunk pretty quick as i dont really drink too much. And within an hour i was about to burst i was that desperate so i dashed up the stairs and regretfully broke the seal. We drank more before leaving. The train journey was the second place that i had to pee as we where pretty much consitantly drinking and my bladder is very small. we ended up getting to manchester and the walk to the clubbing was the next problem, I already needed to go again (about a 6/10) and we had about a 10 -15 minute walk.

It was a pretty uncomfortable walk as i was next to one of my friends josh. josh and i have a flirty relationship (the kind that turns sexual after too many drinks) and tbh i wasnt gonna be unhappy if that was the case so i was on good behaviour. All my good friends in my home town know about my bladder troubles but the ones in uni dont - its kinda embarrassing so i dont tell them. I didnt want him to know i was desperate so i made an effort to ignore the growing pressure in my bladder. At this point i just wanted to get to the club to pee but since we where being led by my very very drunk friend sam we ended up going the wrong way and didnt realise for some time.

We stopped as sam went and asked for directions from people but josh took my arm and dragged me off to the side, he had vodka on him and dared me to swig it from the bottle. i said i would only if he did first (which he did and the promptly handed it to me) At this point i was actually getting really desperate (around 8-9/10) but was having to much fun. We passed the drink back and forth until our group had a heading and we continued the treck.

I would have been a bit more worried about my situaition if i wasnt basically wasted already but i actually held it no problem until getting to the club. ... i hadnt thought about it but there was a line to get in (of course there was i was just drunk) this was a problem. I think the fact i wasnt allowing myself to show signs of desperation is what caused me to be so desperate at this point, i remember thinking i was already at tipping point and about to burst in the queue in front of josh. I did not want this to happen. I was tensing every muscle i could to keep myself dry when josh leaned in and started kissing me.

This was it, i was actually gonna wet myself in front of him. A wave of desperation came over me and i pushed him off of me and looked away for a second to allow myself to really try to not pee. He mustve taken this as a sign i didnt want him to kiss me and said sorry. At this point i felt bad for him and ended up just telling how bad i needed to pee. He went up and talked to the bouncer without hesitation and got me to the front of the queue so i could go and pee (like genuine life saver) I payed and rushed straight away to find the toilets.

Only i couldnt find them and there where so many people. I was looking everywhere like fully holding myself to not wet in a desperate panic when i saw the line for the girls toilet (FUCKKKKKK) I knew as soon as i saw the line that i wasnt going to make it i had about 30 seconds tops before it was gonna come out. I was already leaking quite a bit so i just rushed into the guys toilets. There where a couple guys laughing at me that i basically ignored as i rushed into a stall. yanked down my damp pants and peed for about a minute into the toilet. I was so relieved i was on a different planet. But the night was not over yet.

Okay so i guess this story is gonna need a part two, im only stopping right now because i have run out of time and writing out what happened took a bit longer than i thought. I will post the part two asap.

