Indian Mass Desperation in School

Author: Ranganath

*000*2014-12-10 18:13

WARNING: Contains Messing; sorry if not allowed,

Hi once again everyone :) Today I have decided to recount a major event, omorashi wise, in my school years. As I may have mentioned before, my school for 12th standard was extremely cheap, and prone to cost cutting. This cost-cutting went so far as to affect the bathrooms. For the entire school, only one two-stall bathroom was available to the girls, and another such one to the boys. These were located side by side on the ground floor, at the very base of the building. Something like what shown in the photo, except with another cubicle.

It all started one day, when a couple of the students got extremely bad cases of food poisoning. Apparently, some of the food served for lunch was a little substandard, and the students with sensitive stomachs bore the brunt of it. About 6 students to my knowledge, two boys and four girls, were affected, badly.

To sum it up, we had left the school, and were sitting on the bus, waiting to be taken for a football match against another school on the other side of the city. About 5 minutes after the buses had left, people allegedly began to complain of stomachaches and requests to turn the buses back. In my bus, Kumar, a boy one year my senior, Keturah, a female friend of mine, and Shruthi, my girlfriend, were the ones affected. Keturah was in uniform, like this

. Shruthi however, being in my class, was in Salwa Kameez, and looked a lot like this,

As I was not sitting with Keturah or Kumar, I don't know much of what happened to them. They both awkwardly asked the bus teacher to turn the bus back, only to be met with sharp refusal. Shruthi, murmuring to me of a stomachache, went and requested the teacher to return, only to be met with the same refusal. It was only when Keturah, with legs crossed awkwardly and tightly, keeled over and vomited in the front of the bus aisle, in the midst of her appeal to the teacher, that the staff realized that not all was okay, and instructed the bus to turn back. Despite this, Shruthi's illness and urgency increased exponentially.

Within a moment she told me of worsening 'cramps' and strong nausea. Suddenly, a loud hissing and splat of sorts reached my ears. Shruthi instantly broke down into tears as the smell reached my nose. I comforted her but all she said was tearfully, "It's coming out...", before she would cry again. It was only when she stepped out of the bus, hobbling awkwardly and helped by a teacher, that she lost control, and puked all over the stairs.

Instantly, Shruthi and Keturah were escorted by female teachers into the bathrooms. As the main bathroom door shut, we could hear the sounds of slamming cubicles being hastily latched. Kumar had long left, leaving the bus in a strange state, claiming that his house was nearer and that he'd go there.

Within 5 minutes, another bus pulled up, bearing student's suffering the same symptoms. On this bus, a boy and a girl were both suffering, though the girl seemed to be a lot worse off. Instantly the boy rushed into the men's bathroom, followed suit by the girl, upon tearfully realizing that the ladies' was occupied.

From here on out, everything went to shit. At least 3 more buses pulled up, back in campus, with sick girls and boys alike. Unable to give them a bathroom, the staff hastily called their parents frantically citing an emergency and requesting they pick up their son or daughter. By the time help arrived however, one girl had already lost it, comforted while crying in a corner, flanked by teachers. As the boy's parents took him away, the other girl began to lose it, and told the overseeing teacher. The teacher, afraid, led her to the abandoned garage at the back of the school, shut the door, and stood guard outside.

Here though, is where the story really gets interesting. After an hour or so of the staff panicking, the victimized students had had their primary urges satisfied. Despite this, Shruthi and Keturah remained in the bathroom; upon knocking upon the door, and asking the teacher in charge what was happening, I was told that Shruthi was okay but very tired, but Keturah was still suffering.

At this point of time, the inhabitants of the other buses, the unaffected, returned. Many of them, especially the girls, were quite desperate, having drank a lot of water while out in the hot sun. Upon being informed that the toilets were out of order, many of them began to look quite concerned.

One of these, was Priyanka, Keturah's roommate, and also a good friend of mine. We sat nearby and chatted for some time, as she rocked gently back and forth, moving her legs in and out. Suddenly, she turned to face me, and asked honestly,

"Do you know of any bathrooms other than, you know, those", she said, gesturing at the main building. I shook my head and asked why.

"Oh, nothing really, just really have to pee,"she quipped, with an underlying nervous giggle. We continued to chat for some time, before she requested we walk around. Understanding her position, I agreed.

We walked around talking, as her need grew steadily worse. Signs were obvious; she occasionally snuck a tight squeeze to her groin, removing her hand from her kurti as soon as she saw me look. Under guise of play, she began jogging in front of me, no doubt to put the nervous signals of her bladder from her mind. As she sprinted in front of me, I saw a small wet patch,about the size of my fist, on the back crotch of her salwa kameez. As we came near an abandoned shed in the back of our campus, she asked be, while hopping from foot to foot, to stay here and keep watch. Not needing to as k any further questions, I stood still, and did as I was told.

Suddenly, a loud shriek cut through the air. I turned around to see Deepthi, a snobby classmate of mine, dashing out from the other end of the shed, and hastily trying to button the topmost buttons on her jeans, allowing me a peek at the pink panties beneath. She hobbled off, embarrassed. No doubt Priyanka had walked in on her doing what she herself was currently doing. I stood still for another moment or two, listening to the quiet, yet not too far-off hiss of Priyanka's stream hitting mud. Within a minute, Priyanka came out, embarrassed, and thanked me. We headed back towards the main block. On the way, we saw about 4 desperate students, both girls and boys, and even one girl dashing behind a bush.

Upon reaching the building, I met Shruthi, looking rather ill. I hugged her gently and reassured her that all was okay. She has since not spoken of that incident to me, nor I to her; knowing that such embarrassment is better left unkindled.

___

Thank you once again to everyone :)

*003*2014-12-29 16:12

Hey everyone :) Actually just the other day something happened to me. I was wondering if anyone would want me to post about it, male or female?

*007*2015-01-01 09:24

@Tanin:

Hi, glad you liked the story. I actually was going to include more accurate details in the story but was unsure of the forum rules. Would it be acceptable, or would there be a problem?

*009*2015-01-02 01:12

Well, to the best of my knowledge, Shruthi's was by far the most visible. Her Salwa Kameez was a whitish pink,and so, when she lost control on the bus, I clearly remember seeing a lone brown streak down the back of her right leg, from ass to knee.

Apart from Shruthi and one other girl however, I don't think anyone had poop accidents as such. The other girl lost it almost immediately after walking into the school and knocking on the latched bathroom. I couldn't see anything, but the smell said it all.

In terms of pee though, I actually saw another two students relieving themselves in the schoolyards.One was a boy from my class, behind a tree, the other, a girl my senior, that I walked in on behind a bush, Salwa hiked up to her tailbone, large ass clearly visible.

Thanks for your interest. I was about 17 at the time, and Shruthi 19

*011*2015-01-20 00:58

It was!

Nothing really happened when she got down from the bus. However as I was right behind her when she puked on the stairs, I saw the streak thicken considerably if you know what I mean.

In terms of the waiting aspect, she wasn't able to change as she didn't have a spare set of clothes, but she wasn't sitting. She was in the bathroom for the better part of 40 or so minutes. When her parents finally came, I hugged her and she left; wearing the same kurti. After that I went into the bathroom which had still not yet been cleaned. It can't be described, really.

If you liked this story, I plan to upload another experience within a day or so. It would help a lot if you and the others helped me decide on one. The three on which I am torn between are:

Club Story: An incident in which my friend and I picked up two girls from a club and on the way back witnessed some crazy desperation. Food poisoning on an overnight bus to Mangalore with Shruthi: Happened just recently, not more than a week back. Wedding Desperation: Witnessed a long long time back. A lot of traditional young ladies in sarees without bathrooms.

Feel free to choose, post and I'll write soon:)

*014*2015-01-21 08:19

I plan to post both soon, but, just as a cautionary measure; are there any specific guidelines in the community about messing or is it completely fine?

