So many accidents...

Author: katiekate

*000*2016-08-09 14:02

I have such a weak bladder. It really is a problem. My weak bladder combined with awful social anxiety has lead to so many embarrassing public accidents, without even intentionally holding. I have anxiety just getting up to go pee, because I have to go so often! I've taken to avoiding liquids when I'm out and about now. Anyway I want to share with you one stand out situation that happened to me on my second day of a new job.

I'd gone to the bathroom when I'd arrived at the dental office at about 8:20am. All was well, I was learning my way around people's mouths as a dental assistant. It was a busy day but between every half hour appointment there was a little break to clean up and everything. By around 9:30, I was feeling the need to pee again. It wasn't so bad. By the next patient, at 10, I was trying to subtly grind into the chair. It was really quite bad. I didn't want to go because the dentist had already seen me go to the bathroom two hours ago (yeah, I'm ridiculous). I thought it'd be fine, I was due to go on lunch break at 12, I'd just go then. We finished the appointment slightly early so I went into the back room to clean the equipment. Turning on the tap was the worst idea ever.

The wave of desperation was enough to have me with my hand between my crossed legs, grinding. I leaked a little, enough to soak my panties and my hand, but I overcame it and went back to see the next patient. Because I'm so damn awkward, I was doing my best to make it seem like I didn't need to go. I was "subtly" crossing and uncrossing my legs, grinding on the edge of the chair, and clenching so hard I could feel my cheeks were burning. Then of course, I started leaking. Only this time, because I was too awkward to move, I couldn't stop it. At ll. The pee soaked my pants, ran down my leg, all over the chair and dripped down to the floor. Luckily the noise of the suction drowned out the sound of my pee hitting the floor. After the patient left, I promptly grabbed a cup of water and "accidentally" dropped it where I'd been sitting. Yeah, I've had a LOT of accidents in the past, but that was one of the worst.

