Best way to hide a wetting

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2022-07-05 22:53

I was taking care of my neighbor’s dog today while she was away. The dog needed a walk, and it was going to rain, so I figured I´d take the opportunity to wet my jeans under my long raincoat.

I drank a lot of water and headed out. The rain was just very light, so I intended to wait to see if it started pouring down a little bit more before I got the other pouring started. But the weather was unpredictable. The rain held up, and the sky went blue again. I started to sweat under my coat as I walked up the path into the forest. At least more clouds seemed to be on their way.

I wasn´t very desperate but the psychological urge was stronger, so I couldn´t resist stopping to let a spurt out sooner than I had planned. I thought it would just wet my crotch a bit, but felt the heat already quickly go down my left leg, and saw it make a thin dark streak down just below where the raincoat ended. Visible, but not obvious, not yet, since it was so small. But dark patches down the inside of the legs of your otherwise dry light colored jeans will look suspicious, rain coat or not. I needed more camouflage if I was going to do this comfortably.

I got out of the woods and was walking on small roads and streets for a while, and I tried to leak more carefully, just relaxing a bit every now and then while I kept walking. Those small releases felt great. But I was still longing for the big one, as my desperation grew.

I came to another forest with small paths through high grass and bushes. Everything was wet from the rain, and that was just how I wanted it to be. Without caring I just walked through the grass and soon had some wet spots all over the front of my calves. But was it enough to camouflage a wetting? I kept letting out little leaks and spurts, and could feel the wet patches grow down my thighs. When I first went out, I had thought I would just wet a little bit, enough to be hidden under the coat, but now I started to crave that big shoesoaking release. It still refused to rain though, and my time was running out. I needed to be home soon to have a shower and leave the dog before going into town.

I turned into a path that was leading to my street, walking backwards and forwards through the vegetation to get at least a bit wet all around, but I didn´t quite succeed. I didn´t care much now, this just had to be done.

I stopped in the clearing next to the pond ten minutes from my home. I relaxed again and this time I didn´t stop myself, just let the flood lose in my pants. For half a minute my butt, my legs and my feet were surrounded by the hot pee streams, and I sighed in relief and pleasure.

After catching my breath I looked down to investigate the damage. I was soaking wet and the jeans had the same dark colour all around. Not a dry spot in sight below the raincoat. That was just excellent. I had managed to hide all traces of my previous spurts with a full on wetting. What was the point of all that walking through wet grass when the solution was so easy?

I left the woods with lakes in my shoes, feeling soaked, relaxed, and perfectly safe.

The dog stopped to sniff around some mail boxes on the street, and I wet myself again right there, surprised about how much I still had in my bladder.

I had just got inside and was about to admire my wetting in the mirror, when I heard footsteps in the stairs, so I kept my raincoat on when my neighbor knocked on the door to pick up her dog. Perfect timing. We chatted a bit and in my mind I was begging for her to leave soon before she found it strange that I was just standing there in my own hallway, not taking my shoes and coat off, but she said goodbye and didn´t seem to wonder. Now I had 25 minutes left all by myself to shower and enjoy the fresh memory of another of those everyday wettings that just somehow turned out to be something special.

$$

$$

