Awakened by a strong urge

Author: Rajnish94

*000*2015-12-07 20:59

Hey everybody, finally I've got a story to tell

Last night I decided to follow some suggestions I read here and there on this forum about how to wet the bed while sleeping. First of all, I've never been a chronic bedwetter as a child. I wet the bed very few times when I went to kindergarten and one time when I was 8. This last one was so traumatic that I've never wet the bed anymore by accident.

Even if I didn't want to wet the bed by accident during my teen years, recently I started to have these random incontinence desires thanks to which I want to feel humiliated but also naughty like a kid. Well, sometimes I really can't resist and I need someone to take control over my needs. That's what happened yesterday night. I found online on skype a guy from fetlife and I asked him to make me hold it until 6 am, when my mother would wake up to go to work. I wanted to stress my bladder enough so that it would have been weaker during my sleep. He made me drink 3 cups of water (33cl each one) and said that I should have waited at least 2 hours.

I answered that my bladder was already weak by itself and that I've already held pee during the day, so I would had to pee pretty soon. Finally he told me to hold it until 4 am. It was almost 4am and I thought I was fine, but suddenly my need increased to 9/10 and I started walking around my room to hold it. Like 10 minutes before 4 am, I lost control and peed for 10 seconds uncontrollably. My blue undies and my pajama pants were wet from the crotch to the right knee. I obtained what I wanted. I weakened the muscles of my bladder and I was ready to go to bed. I peed in the toilet, drunk 3 cups of water again and went to bed with other pants and underwear on.

I woke up 2 hours later. I noticed that there were lights on in the hallway. My mother was in the bathroom and soon she'll be gone away from home. At first, I thought I would wait until she left, but the urge was pretty strong and strangely I felt extremely horny. A lot of thoughts were blending in my head and one in particular prevailed: I wanted to pee right in that moment, while my mother was still there, and feel like a little child who doesn't want to be caught. I knew she wouldn't enter in my room. She's never done it. So I turned belly up and tried to relax.

Needless to say, my excitement wouldn't let me go. My bladder was very full, I was desperate, but everything was useless against my hard-on, my fear of soaking the mattress and of my mother's any unpredictable move. I understood that it was not the ideal position for relaxing. I'd have liked to feel the pee falling down to my ass and widen ever more. But I had to give up that feeling and I changed position: I turned on my tummy. The pressure on my bladder was helpful and I also felt that this position was more natural for peeing. I relaxed for a moment and finally one spurt came out. I wanted more, I could not get enough.

I relaxed again and I challenged myself to let go and not stop the flow. When the pee arrived at the tip of my penis, I took a big breath and released all I could. I think I peed for 15 or 20 seconds, and it was not all. But the warm feeling was spreading from my crotch to my lower tummy. At this point the excitement was driving me crazy and I was forcing more pee out with few pushes. The damage was already done, why bother even? I emptied all my bladder and I stayed in bed till I heard the door closing.

Then I removed the covers and turned on the light. The accident wasn't very visible: my sheets were white and my pajama was dark, but I could feel still the warm under my buttocks. I did my job and had a wonderful and liberating orgasm

There's no need to describe the clean up, but it was hard and took me for hours. In the end, I put everything in order before 12.00 and I could sleep for another 2 hours, without accidents

