The first time I ever did a hold

Author: JuicySanae

*000*2017-06-29 11:24

Hi all! Today I am going to write about another omo experience I had in my childhood. This is about the first time I've ever done a hold for fun (and thrills!). This story contains no wetting since I would have had no way to hide it. I was with my father when I got desperate that day, so doing that was out of the question. Without further ado, let's get started!

One day, when I was about 13 years old (mid-late 2010), I was kinda bored while doing homework, and I was drinking water, and pop cans to fuel me through the homework. After drinking them, and finishing my homework, I had to pee a bit, so I went and relieved myself. After going, I was thinking to myself, "Could any person go for one whole day without peeing?" (By age 13, my omo "fetish" was in full force, despite not having sexual feelings for it yet. It was more similar to a curiousity of mine, really). So, I started to plan a whole day based on a hold, school included. It was a bit uneventful lol My last pee before the hold was before I went to sleep, prior to "hold day".

When I woke up the next day, I had set a timer for myself, fourteen hours if I recall correctly, since I had to sleep eight hours, and wanted to play video games for the remaining two. Little did I know that that is how much I would now sleep on a good day, but I digress. I skipped my morning pee, and went with my parents to school, since I didn't take the bus, because it was so dangerous where I live. I went about the first four morning classes with no problems, and low to medium urges. 

By lunch time, however, I've had a bottle of water and a bottle of pop with my school lunch (yes, I was a crazy over pop or soda, if you prefer). Here is when the first few strong urges started happening. By this point, about 6 hours had elapsed (woke up at about 5am, recess started at about 10:40am or so). I wasn't very desperate just yet, but started feeling a little uncomfortable. The 5th, 6th and 7th classes elapsed with no major lockups, that is stopping in my tracks to hold myself so nothing comes out, but I had to do that once by the 8th class, the last one of the day. 9 hours had elapsed by that point.

During the last class, which was Spanish if I recall correctly, I had to try my hardest to not hold myself while sitting in the chair. Even though I could, I was very shy, and didn't want any classmates knowing about this. It was so hard to focus on the lesson and my screaming bladder at the same time.

40 minutes later, class had ended, and as per the usual, I was one of the last people to leave class. Because I had to walk a little slower than usual because of my swollen bladder, my father got worried because I was a bit slow (he picks me up after school, too). He asked me why I was so slow. I told him, as calmly as I could, that I had forgotten a book for one of my homeworks. He believed it, because that happened to me pretty often. You see, in that school, textbooks are provided by the teachers, and we were given a locker in a designated area to keep the ones we were not going to bring with us. The school was a pretty large, 4-story K-12 school. I was kinda unlucky to have a locker on the 2nd floor; most students had their lockers on the 1st floor. That's why I would have taken longer, were I to forget something. By this point, I was busting for a pee, but there was still about 3 hours left on the timer.

I left high school with him, and we decided that we needed a bite to eat for later, so we sidetracked from our regular route home, and into a mini mall. We went to a place where lots of Italian-style food was served. We chose roasted herb chicken, and stuffed ricotta canneloni. It's a surprise how he hasn't noticed my predicament, but being the shy, quiet boy I was, I couldn't tell him about my need. I was determined to make it home. My father then told me to stay in the car because he had an important matter to attend in that mini mall.

My heart sunk a little, but I had no choice but to say yes, that I would wait for him. Don't worry, it wasn't extremely hot that day (24°C or ~75°F for people who use Fahrenheit), and the windows were down, so I wouldn't burn. This was the beginning of the end for me. There were about two hours and twenty minutes left on that timer when he went to the mini mall and I stayed in the car. Because he wasn't there and all windows were polarised, I was free to hold myself in any way I pleased. But, even that didn't help much. By that point, I had held it in for so long, it started to hurt. Five minutes had elapsed. Ten minutes had elapsed. Fifteen minutes had elapsed.

At one hour and forty minutes left, I realised I wasn't going to make it home, when I had the smallest of leaks. It sting so much, and I had to let go! But I couldn't leave the car, lest I be scolded, make him worry for my life a lot, and cause a scene by triggering the car alarm. Just when I was about to leave without asking him, he came. As soon as he opened the car, I started running towards the nearest bathroom and told him I had to go badly. He said he also had to go, so he followed. That was the longest pee I've had to that point, a minute and twenty seconds. Ah, what a relief~! After that, we went on our way home normally, and ate lunch. I had forgotten to stop the timer when I let go, but I was so desperate I didn't think about it. It rang about 15 minutes after we ate. After that, I decided that holding was always better with unexpected things like these happening xD

Thanks for reading this story! I hope I can write more and better content, as I become more accustomed to, and more experienced in writing, as well as remembering more details about these kinds of incidents from my childhood.

With love, a very desperate Sanae.

