An Accident for an Accident

Author: JTryinToHold

*000*2019-03-16 17:09

Hey Everyone! Its been a while since I posted a story so I figured I would recount a "fun" (read: Agonizing) experience I had this past week! As a little bit of a background, I am a university age male, tall and slender, who has been into this fetish for a while. I am typically more happy to watch rather than participate, however sometimes I get myself into these situations and figure you all enjoy hearing about them! During this experience, I was wearing light jeans with red boxers, and hoodie.

So the day started off pretty normal: I was heading out on a long (6-8 hour) road trip by myself and I had settled in for the largest leg of the trip. I was drinking some water and coffee to keep me alert and hydrated during the drive and had been snacking on some salty food, only making me drink more. Normally, this isn't an issue, as road trips are littered with gas stations and rest stops, so even getting desperate can be easily relieved. That is, most of the time. Now, anyone who has used Apple Maps knows that usually they alert you if there is a faster route or an accident up ahead. This was not the case when I found myself slowing down to compensate for the sea of brake lights in front of me.

My car had rolled steadily to a dead halt when my phone informed me that there had been a wreck up ahead. No shit..., I thought to myself as I sat impatiently with my foot on the brake. At this point, I certainly had the urge to pee, but nothing unmanageable. After a few minutes of sitting, I realized we would be here for a little while, and shifted the car into park.

When I checked my phone to see how far ahead the accident was, I noticed that it was on a bridge. I groaned, as I knew we were unlikely to be rerouted until the accident had cleared up. As if reading my thoughts, my phone chimed in to alert me that the duration of the slow down had increased from fifteen minutes to twenty-five. At this, my bladder twinged as if to inform me that in twenty-five minutes, I was going to be in much worse shape. Nevertheless, I simply unbuckled my seat belt to release some pressure, and stared out the window.

Ten minutes turned into twenty and I hadn't moved an inch. My bladder had started to throb and I found myself tapping my foot in anticipation. I had yet to physically hold myself, but was nearing that point rapidly. I could feel the pressure starting to press against my jeans and I contemplated undoing the button, but thought better of it considering how close I was to other cars. Any second now. I attempted to reassure myself while tensing my thighs when I got the bad news. My phone chimed in one third and final time to inform me of the worst.

The road had been closed.

Now to provide a little extra background, I was on a two lane highway, in the left lane. So I couldn't make it to the shoulder to try and reverse up the exit ramp. Whats more is we had just passed the last exit before the bridge, so there was no going back. The median was an option, but the bumpy, slanted terrain seemed daunting, especially in my sedan. At this point, I was officially desperate. I was leaning forward with the heel of my palm casually digging into my crotch, doing my best to maintain composure. The water bottle in the cupholder was looking more and more promising as I crept beyond an 8/10 to closer to an 8.5. I knew I didn't have the hour that the driving app was predicting, at that point I hardly had 20 minutes before I would explode.

But it didn't take 20 minutes for my first leak. The 18-wheeler next to me decided it was time to get annoyed, because suddenly the large blast of a horn caused me to jump. Being startled for that split second was all it took, and a hot jet of liquid spurted out through my jeans and into my palm. I tensed everything as hard as I could to stop the flood, but not before even more hissed into my boxers, turning the light colored jeans dark. The warm urine caused me to shudder and clamp down hard on my cock. I gritted my teeth. There was no way I was going to piss myself in the car, I had three more hours to go. In a moment of desperation, I hunted around my car and found an old sweatshirt in the backseat. As casually as I could without taking my damp hand away from my soaking crotch, I placed the sweatshirt over my lap to conceal what was about to happen.

Then, pelvis trembling, I reached inside my jeans and gripped my member hard, doing my best to prevent any further leaks. With my other hand, I undid the button and wrenched down the zipper before releasing myself from the dripping boxers. I struggled for a moment with the cap of the bottle, causing me to release my other hand momentarily. In that time I was able to maintain control, but the moment the bottle was uncapped, the anticipation was too much. I started to piss full force for a few seconds, letting out a loud hiss as it hit the sweatshirt I was using to conceal myself, before I was able to direct my stream into the bottle. It filled up quickly, but by some miracle was big enough to contain the flood. I gasped with relief as I sat back in my seat.

The damage to my pants had been done, and I drove the rest of the way with the windows down trying to dry them off. Nevertheless, the relief I had felt was incredible and I couldn't help but pleasure myself when I finally arrived at my destination.

Hope everyone enjoyed!



