Barely made it to a urinal-age 8

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2020-03-17 14:29

This is one of my most desperate pee holding experiences as a school boy.

It was the last class of the day, and I had not peed since morning break. I had been ignoring a steadily filling bladder for a while. There was an hout left of the school day, and I had to pee very urgently.

At first, i did not ask for permission. I just fidgeted in my seat. It got worse and worse, and I started to hold myself under my desk. With 20 minutes left of class, it got almost unbearable. I had an immensely sharp urge in my crotch, and I felt pressure in my lower abdomen.

I raised my hand and asked to go pee. The teacher denied, and said I could wait 20 mins. I sat there for 5 more minutes, hand glued to my crotch, wiggling my legs. I raised my hand again, but the teacher ignore me. I kept raising my hand, but the teacher told me to sit and wait for the bell. I whined that I had to pee really bad, but she ignored my desperate plees.

I held it for the rest of the hour by sheer willpower (and by holding myself). By the end I felt like I was about to burst.

When the bell rang, I ran to the boy's toilets. I held myself as I ran, not caring about the embarrassment. Luckily, I wore elastic pants that day, so I pulled them down fast when I got to a urinal, and started peeing a hard stream as soon as i got my briefs lowered. It was one of the most relieving pees of my young life.

*002*2020-03-21 14:14

A few of the kids noticed and teased "you're about to wet your pants!". My friend was trying to calm me down by saying that i can pee soon.

I was teased about it the next day.

*004*2020-03-26 09:38

{{On 3/22/2020 at 4:41 PM, omorashi_jones said:

Something similar happened to me when I was a kid, except I didn't make it! Nobody teased me about it when I sheepishly came back to class; my teacher must have felt bad, and instructed my classmates not to bring up.

}}

Did you lose it on the way to the bathroom or in class?

