A Trail of Droplets

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-04-29 19:59

A Trail of Droplets So many of you will know I’ve spent a while in academia, mostly as a grad student, and while I’m happy with my current job working for a non-profit helping people, every so often I hear the call of the ivory tower. Last Tuesday was one such time. I had the day off, and decided that rather than do housework or run errands, I’d head up to UBC (the University of British Columbia) and explore the beautiful campus a little and maybe check out the library.

It was hot and lovely out, with flower petals blowing about in a classic west-coast petal storm, and I decided to wear a slightly above the knee length black pleated skirt, and because it was a little blustery out and this particular skirt is rather susceptible to exhibitionist-inducing wind gusts, I slipped a pair of tight black stretchy short shorts over top of a pair of day of the week panties (Tuesday of course). On top I had on a light lavender form fitting golf shirt, and a little black vest that is more a fashion accessory than anything else. Building on the ‘French’ look, I pulled on a cute black barrette. On my feet I had ankle-length white socks and typical black flats, comfortable for trudging about, as UBC campus is rather large.

After a big and rather late breakfast which included toast, some fruit and a huge mug of green tea, I popped a big water bottle and some fruit bars into my purse, popped on some sunglasses, grabbed a book to read on the way there, and headed out into the world. Halfway along the short walk to the Skytrain I was glad I’d pulled on the ‘safety shorts’ as the blowing wind lifted and twisted the pleats of my skirt, flashing my shorts to passing motorists.

The trip to UBC was uneventful, thought I did have to dash into a Starbucks when I transferred as the green tea has filled my bladder to a perilous degree. I was about a 8.5 when I finally got to the loo.

After I arrived at UBC I walked around checking out the campus. I’ve been there before, but usually I’ve visited for a purpose – to pick up a book at the library, go to a lecture or sporting event, that sort of thing. This time I had all the time I could be more itinerant and exploratory. After some wanderings, I headed over to the SUB and grabbed a big lunch. I took the opportunity to empty my bladder and refill my water bottle which I’d drained. I also helped myself to a big bottle of green tea with lunch.

After lunch I set myself the task of exploring the library. I just love libraries in general and could spend probably all day just wandering about, looking at books, displays, and people studying. I eventually found myself in the philosophy section and browsed the shelves for anything that jumped out. I found a couple interesting new arrivals and hauled them over to a study nook and skimmed them for a good couple of hours.

I kind of lost myself in the process, and reveled in this. I used to be able to do this when I was in grad school. Just sit there and lose myself in a subject for hours and hours.

I spent a couple of hours sitting from my water bottle and working my way through the books I’d collected and when I got up to go and peruse the shelf some more I noticed that my bladder was very full. A surprise 8 which I had not noticed as a result of my book stupor.

I’d spent many an afternoon in the library whilst in University thinking naughty thoughts and occasionally engaging in some desperation and diaper fun. I wondered if I could hold it just a little longer and gather another collection of books. I reckoned I could and went back to the shelves. Urgent calls from my bladder detracted from browsing the shelves. I hopped about a little when looking for books on higher shelves, and surreptitiously holding myself. When I squatted down to look at lower shelves, I subtly sat on my heel.

After about 15 minutes of fidgety searching I had gathered a small pile of books and returned to my study nook. I should note that the little study cubbies around me were full of students studying and working on various projects and papers, or doing stuff on their phones. I feel a little old thinking that too many of them were on their phones rather than studying.

While reading I put in my headphones to blot out the sounds of keyboard tapping, coughing, and shifting about that is associated with these kinds of activities. While I attempted to keep my dancing and other visual signs of desperation as subtle as possible, but I could have been overtly holding myself, as most of the people around me were entirely absorbed in their own activities. Even when perusing the shelves, there were very few people around me at all.

Back at my study nook, my bladder was at an insistent and uncomfortable 8.5 and I tightly crossed my legs while sitting and picking up the book on the top of the pile.

Whereas earlier I had easily fallen into a book stupor, this time it was a little more difficult. My mind wandered, returning to my insistent bladder. I fidgeted and my chair squeaked, earning angry looks from a couple of the people around me.

After less than 10 minutes I realized that I was going to have to visit a toilet. I marked my spot in the book I’d been trying to skim, and removed my vest leaving it on the chair to mark my seat (given the time of the year, it had been hard to find a free cubby and I didn’t want someone re-shelving my carefully selected books. I tucked in my chair and then, realizing that I could not be so cool and collected, I rushed over to the elevator. While I’d seen washrooms on this floor, I had it in my mind that I’d use one on a different floor, with the requisite naughty and subtly exhibitionistic desperate dash.

I decided to go to one on the top floor, and crossed my legs tightly while waiting for the elevator to arrive. My hands, almost of their own accord, crept towards my crotch, and rather than avoid holding myself, I shifted my purse with my other hand so that it covered the front of skirt and obscured the fact that my hand was now wedged between my legs from the casual observer. I was being as subtle as I could, and the majority of people around me were oblivious, with their faces on their phones, books or otherwise distracted. There were a couple of other people around me waiting for the elevator, one young woman talking on her phone, and a couple of young men, one staring at his phone and the other staring at the young woman talking on her phone.

The elevator seemed to be taking forever and I jiggled one foot desperately despite my legs being tightly twisted together. The doors finally opened and a press of people walked out breaking around me and scattering in every direction. I uncrossed my legs and removed my hand and taking small steps, scurried into the elevator. There were a couple of people in there already, and the button for my floor was already pressed. I glanced around, not taking time to register who else was in the elevator, and took up a position in the corner. My legs once again twisted together and my purse moved into place. I felt a gaze on me and looked up to see one of my elevator mates, the previously mentioned young man with the wandering eye. I smiled sheepishly and made a conscious effort to not hold myself, and instead gripped my purse in front of myself with both hands now, in a ‘that’s what I had meant to do all along’ kind of move.

I was really desperate at this point, an insistent and almost painful 9, and in addition to double crossing my legs, I could not stop jiggling, just a little bit. I was only going a couple of floors, but I felt the gaze of the guy on me the whole way. I pretended to check my phone, and when I did, noticed him whisper something to his companion, who then looked up at me. I only noticed out of the corner of my eye but it still made me blush none the less.

As we arrived on my floor, I shoved my phone into my purse and impatiently waited for the people in front of me to exit the elevator. My legs were once again uncrossed and I was dancing (subtly of course) on the spot, jockeying for position momentarily.

I was almost the last out of the elevator and as soon as I existed, I turned to look for the loo. I started down the hall and could not see any obvious signs. I was about twenty strides down the hall when I felt my body, without warning, involuntarily release a small squirt of pee into my panties. I gasped.

I stopped walking immediately, crossed my legs and bore down, stopping the flood before it did more than just soak the gusset of my underwear. I was largely alone now, with most of the people who had left the elevator having already dispersed, there was a couple behind me, who I noticed looking over my way when I had gasped. Regardless of their stares, I shoved my hand between my legs (only partially obscured by my purse).

Looking over at them, I noticed that I had turned the wrong way, and that the washrooms had in fact been very close to the elevator, just in the opposite direction.

Throwing dignity to the wind, I power walked as quickly as I could whilst bearing down and keeping my legs together, and headed towards the washroom. When I was about 10 yards away from the door, I pulled my hand away from my crotch, and broke into an all out sprint.

The longer strides and lack of support were catastrophic. After my first step I felt a serious leak flood my underwear. Another accompanied my next step, and as I pushed the first door open, my bladder began to release completely, in a classic key-in-latch accident.

I was peeing freely as I strode across the washroom to the most clearly available stall. I felt like my entire crotch was soaked and I could feel little rivulets of pee running down both legs. But most of all I could hear the faint sound of the drips I left on the ground. The tops of my socks also felt warm.

The washroom was thankfully empty, from what I could tell in my haste. And I rocketed into the nearest stall and without locking the door or pulling down my safety shorts or panties, I sat myself down onto the toilet and let the remainder of my very full bladder drain into the toilet.

Rather than the usual sound, it made a complicated drip, dripping sound as the pee filtered through my clothing. It continued for a good couple of minutes after I was empty, such was the shameful state of my under things.

After the dripping had mostly subsided, I took stock of my situation. My skirt had mostly survived the bathroom accident unscathed, there was a faintly damp spot in the front where I had been pressing it into myself, and I padded this dry. Only then did I get up and lock the stall.

I then shimmied off the wet shorts and panties, careful to avoid getting too much pee on my socks and shoes. These were so wet that I needed to wring them out into the toilet. Both were un-wearable, although in my experience, the shorts could be dried quickly with some patting with toilet paper and air drying. This was not my first wetting accident in these shorts – I used to wear them under my field hockey skirt and rare was the game when they wouldn’t get a little wet from a leak or sweat.

I put these on top of the toilet paper dispenser and took stock of my shoes and socks. There were a couple of droplets on my shoes, which were easily wiped dry. The socks had avoided most of the accident. While there were very visible medium-sized wet spots around their inner tops, it seems as though most of my pee had been caught in my under things, had made it to the floor, or had got on my inner thighs. These I dried carefully with toilet paper. I padded my socks mostly dry, and rather than remove them (in a public washroom?) I rolled them down, concealing the wet spots, and keeping them off my skin.

For those of you who know me, I do typically carry an emergency backup pair of panties in my purse, and today was no exception. I fished these out from their little baggie and slipped them on. Like the pair I had very recently soaked, these were light cotton, white with yellow trim (and a little worse for wear, I’ll need to sell these ones soon or toss them, I hadn’t noticed a rather large tear on them until this day, unless one of you perverts wants to buy them). I then attempted to stuff my wet panties and safety shorts into the baggie. It was intended for panties only and there wasn’t enough room for my shorts, so I folded these as carefully as I could, and tucked them into my purse.

Clean up complete, I ventured out of the stall. Thankfully the washroom was still empty, which I thought was surprising. I had heard someone come in while I was undertaking my extensive cleanup, but I must have taken longer than I had thought.

Walking over to the sink, I blushed a little when I noticed that there was a clearly visible trail of droplets leading from the door of the washroom to my stall, tracing the progress of my accident, very obviously.

While I’d been a little too flustered with cleaning up from my accident to take a picture, I pulled out my phone and snapped a shot of my trail of droplets to commemorate this very unplanned and rather spectacular accident.

$$

I washed my hands, composed myself, and ventured back out to try and find my study nook, books and vest. This time, I took the stairs.

The rest of my visit to UBC was uneventful, though the walk to the bus and home certainly resulted in a couple of passersby spotting my white panties, as the gusty wind continued.

Hope you enjoyed my experience, as a heads up, all the panties in this story are available for sale! Just drop me a line.

Best,

Rach

*008*2019-04-30 22:49

{{13 hours ago, Keita123 said:

I would love for you to do more daring holds like this in public! I loved the fact that you chose to go to a faraway toilet instead of a nearby one!

}}

Aww thanks! I have been known to take risks in this way

{{21 hours ago, Sir Nobody said:

Thank you for sharing another incredible tale, Rachel! I love reading about all your wet experiences, but my favorites are the accidents without diapers. It creates so much suspense knowing that a misjudgment could result in a very public, very embarrassing, and very wet accident.

}}

Thanks! And I know, I do these a little less often, as well, a girl has to have some propriety.

*020*2019-05-05 17:53

{{On 5/3/2019 at 7:55 AM, Stanley79 said:

One of you great tellings! The first college I attended expected very proper behavior. Can't help imagining you in that conservative place where you wouldn't fit at all (neither did I). BTW, do you ever stay closer to home, such as a coffee house, and watch free university lectures on a lap top?

}}

Ah well, I do sometimes, but I prefer the in-person talk, I suppose I'm oldschool.

