Third times the charm

Author: m3rmaid

*000*2017-09-12 03:41

Hello everyone, this time I tried something different. In the past when I've done this I usually stayed at home or if I left the house I had control of when I could come back. Yesterday I had an early shift at work and got off at 4, instead of 10, so I decided to start my hold when I started work at 8. Since it was the weekend and I work retail it was very busy and I ended up drinking three 500 ml water bottles. Since I was so busy I didn't have time to think about my bathroom needs, until I took my lunch at 2, as I sat down to eat my lunch I felt it, that familiar weight in my bladder increased by the pressure of my waist band cutting in. 

I found myself wriggling in my seat trying to find a more comfortable position, then lunch was over. I returned to work but this time I struggled to distract myself from my need to pee, at last and none to soon my shift was over and I was on my way home. As I drove home my hand would drift from the steering wheel to give my crotch a quick squeeze, then as soon as I arrived home I went straight to my room to get out of my work clothes and into my pajamas, my outfit now consisted of a black tank top, pink pajama pants with palm trees on them and black boy shorts.

Once I was changed, with my waistband no longer pressing into my bladder I experienced some temporary relief from the pressure in my bladder, then it was time for dinner with the family, so with a nice big bowl of chili and a big glass of raspberry iced tea I sat down to eat. Once again I was squirming in my seat pressing my thighs together and crossing my legs. After around thirty minutes of struggling I finished my dinner and excused my self to my room . Now it was nearing 6 I turned on my computer and laid down to watch a movie, I decided to watch "Rogue One" on Netflix. 

Now I can't watch a movie without chocolate and the last time I went shopping I had bought a caffeinated chocolate bar to try, so I grabbed the chocolate bar, poured a glass of milk and pressed play. As I lay on my stomach I could feel the pressure building in my bladder again I reached down and pressed my hand into my crotch. When that position became too uncomfortable I stood at the side of my bed with my legs tightly crossed bouncing up and down ever so slightly, at this point I still had 45 minutes of the movie to go. Finally the movie came to an end, I grabbed my stuff and hobbled my way to the bathroom, with my hands buried in my crotch, for a shower.

I climbed into the tub and let myself go. My pee burst out of me filling my panties then falling into the tub with a loud pounding sound. Multiple streams of hot pee raced each other down my legs, soaking my pajamas, forming a puddle around my feet. After about a minute and a half my pee stream slowly trickled off. I then cleaned myself off in the shower. Now for my favorite part the photos

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

.

