Friday's Sneeze Accident

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-03-03 20:30

Flu season sneeze accident. I've had the flu for a couple of days now and it's right in my sinuses, which has led to many a sneeze and subsequent leak. I've been in Goodnites for the past two days, but these were my panties Friday.

$$

$$

*003*2019-03-03 22:22

Thanks!

{{1 hour ago, johnnyc82 said:

Get well soon but keep us posted about those frequent leaks

}}

And I certainly will, sneeze season is upon us.

*007*2019-03-04 10:37

{{5 hours ago, etechie said:

Sorry to hear you are not feeling well, however, you posting about peeing after you sneeze strikes two of my fetishes : Omorashi, and kushami (sneezing). Do you usually pee when you sneeze? because I think there was another time that the same thing happened. Thank again for sharing your experience. Was your bladder pretty full when this happened?

}}

Thanks hun, and sneezing and leaking for me go hand in hand very often. If I know a sneeze is coming and I bear down (and cross my legs) and don't have a relatively full bladder, I can sometimes forestall an accident but otherwise, a little leak is going to come out. And I've shared a couple of other stories here, but because going through my 8500+ posts is a fun but time consuming task, just because you like sneezing (and taught me a new word):

$iframe data-embed-src="$/37746-summer-sneezes/?do=embed"

Hope you enjoy them!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/42888-sniff-sniff-cough-cough-squirt/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/47067-coffee-shop-oops-moment/?do=embed"

Any anyone interested in sneeze induced leaked in panties, I'd be happy to sell you a pair, and they won't be hard to make, I'd only have to go without a pad for the next few days, as the sneezing isn't going away.

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

$

$

$

*011*2019-03-05 00:44

{{45 minutes ago, etechie said:

Wow you didn't have to search through all of these ! thanks!

}}

I have a file where I keep them Because otherwise I can never find them and well... yes I sometimes masturbate to my own writing

*014*2019-03-05 21:04

{{19 hours ago, etechie said:

If you want to incorporate kushami into the omarashi fetish you have outside of flu season, I have a few resources I can give you, (softcore forum like this one uses the same software) if you wish.

}}

For sure I mean cinnamon and pepper are usual sneeze triggers for me...

{{5 hours ago, Gemmy said:

Get well soon hunny. Sexy pics though, illness has some good points

}}

Thanks I'm feeling better, was at work today... have pictures to share

*016*2019-03-06 08:53

{{10 hours ago, etechie said:

@rachelkirwan

This is where you go for learning about kushami feti https://www.sneezefetishforum.org/

I like the thought of a women with a full bladder sneezing, it's like the lovely lady is loosing control of their body and their is that inevitable moment of release. And with you it's a double whammy.

}}

Oh thanks! Did you share links to my sneezing content there? If not, please do! And let people know they can come to me to order sneeze-accident panties!

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

Shameless plug.

