My time on the Omo Discord~ Months of Accidents (Part 1)

Author: Krissy13

*000*2020-06-09 10:35

Intro

Hello all!~ I wanted to take the time to log all of my experiences, on the omorashi discord so that I may never forget them!~ I've been on there for a few months now, and I must say I've had a lot of fun! But far too much for me to put down in one story, so I'm gonna divide them up into parts of what I deem to be the best! For part 1, I'm gonna log what only happened on my first few days!!

First Arriving

So upon my first time dropping into the discord, I introduced myself, tried to talk to everyone, and learn how it all works, and I met someone who would become a friend of mine! I have no idea if she'd be okay of me writing about everything we've done together so I'll just call her K! K taught me all the bot commands and how to log your holding sessions using the bot, and for the next four or so hours, I was committed to holding!~ I wasn't exactly talked to by anyone besides her, for a while, eventually I met another girl who we'll call M! Now, M enjoyed playing the role of Mommy, and offered to K and I for the evening, so my holding turned into a little impromtu contest!~ We would taunt one another whenever it got really hard for us to hold it, and all that jazz! The loser had to be the "baby sister" in our little group - which included wearing a diaper!

First Holding

Now as for the holding itself! Because I realize some people would wanna know how all that went down! It started just me drinking water every once and a while, I was praised by quite a few people for having a strong bladder! It wasn't until I compared myself to others stories that I learned that my ability to hold was a lot better than most, so that's cool! ^w^ After about 2 hours of regular water intake, M started to give us challenges!! Fun stuff~ Such tasks included but are not limited to

*Listening to water trickling sounds on loop the whole time

*Pressing on my bladder

*Sitting down with my legs spread out

*Standing in the air doing the splits

*Laying flat on my stomach pressing on my bladder

It was a lot of tough stuff in my opinion! And I gotta say the water sounds WAY WAY WAY worse than I EVER thought it could, just listening to it made me sooooo desperate, and want to let go, I don't understand! I guess your mind controls a lot! Beyond that the one that got me the most, was laying flat on the ground, the first time I did it, I got a big wet spot on my pants, and I asked if that meant I lost, but M said it was just a leak, and you only lose if you fully go, Here's how the contest went with some examples!

$$

Sisterly Teasing

$$

Desperation Causes spelling mistakes!

$$

Getting difficult!

The Outcome

Weeeeeell... Turns out the third time truly is the charm as I found myself laying flat on the ground blushing a deep deep red, peeing myself unable to stop no matter what~ I had lost. UmU I really tried my best! Don't think that I gave up on purpose, I wanted to win! Everyone had been telling my all day that my bladder was so strong, and I was inclined to believe them! >///< Alas, not strong enough, (Not because I'm weak, but because K had an unfair start of starting to hold 2 HOURS AFTER ME NO FAIR!!! >m<) Hehe.

Once I had lost, I was subject to a LOT of teasing for the rest of the day, I had to be called the little sister, and even call myself a baby as I put on a diaper for the rest of the day while K got to go to the potty like a big girl. I'd be lying if I said it wasn't fun though!

I'd like to share some of my favorite moments of the post wetting teasing if okay with you all? I only smile when looking at these!

Just noticed that the second bit of images don't have labels! Just so you know almost all of them are K! The only one that's M is the second message in me losing!

$$

Me losing~

$$

Getting Ready for diaper time~

$$

Teasing~

$$

A good sister always asks if things are okay!!

$$

One day I'll be a big girl!

$$

Did you pee yourself at 19? >w<

$$

Diaper status : On!

As you can kinda see I was slipping into little space at the end there!~ And spent some time in it having a relaxing no potty afternoon with my sister!

Conclusion

For a first encounter I've gotta say, I miss that first day, the starts just sort of aligned, you know? Everything came together for something perfect that morning/afternoon, and I wish I could relive not even for the wetting but just for the time I got to spend with friends~ That's not my last story - or even the most embarrassing! - but it's my favorite!! It's just so sweet in my opinion. Well that's that! I hope you enjoyed the story and you got some sort of entertainment out of reading it~

If anyone's curious here were my stats!

$$

