My pee biography

Author: JensH2

*000*2018-05-02 18:13

Still agitated after what happened yesterday... so I decided to write down my personal "pee biography". Read on to understand what happened - but beware: it's a rather long story!

Also maybe a story to encourage those that haven't found their pee/omo partner yet. Sometimes you need to have a bit of luck... and the courage and confidence to open yourself to the right person at the right time.

I have always been interested in peeing, especially watching women pee in clothes, but also other kinds of pee play.

I remember when I was a small boy of maybe seven years old, one of my childhood friends, about two or three years younger than me, often didn't make it to the toilet in time. I witnessed a few leaks and one or two full accidents and this caught my attention before I was even conscious of my own sexuality. Sometimes during sleepovers I tried to persuade him to squeeze out a few drops into his PJs, but I don't recall him ever doing it on purpose. It seemed just like the wicked things children do sometimes, but today I'm wondering whether I was already born with this fetish or if it was a coincidence that developed into something bigger.

I used to grow up with the emerging phenomenon that was the internet in the eighties and nineties. When I was about sixteen, I accidently stumbled upon the first web page about watersports – it was "Patches Place", some of you may know it. Soon I realized that I had found something that would become an important part of my sex life. When I turned eighteen, I drove with my parents' car to a sex shop in the city to buy adult movies on video cassettes. While most other young males probably wanted to see "hard core", I was looking for something else. Three hours of short pee clips, lovelessly cut out of regular porn movies and slapped together, made me happy! Internet connections got faster, video cassettes vanished and I was spending more time in front of my PC, finding all the wonderful pee content I was longing for and slowly understanding that I was not alone.

I started dating my first girlfriend when I was sixteen. She wasn't too experimental regarding sex practices, but you couldn't say that she was pee shy. We often went to the bathroom together and she would just sit down on the toilet and wee while I was brushing my teeth or getting ready to go out. In the rural area we were living it was common for young people to have parties in friends' houses, drink a few beers and ride home with the bike late at night. More than once would she stop on the way home and drop her bike, announcing that she couldn't hold it any more, pull down her pants and let it go on the side of the path without even trying to hide. The sight of the steaming jet of pee coming out of her hairy vagina sometimes just seemed too much for that young man that was me. She probably never realized how much it turned me on.

A few years later, another girlfriend did have a rather weak bladder – which often resulted in emergency stops when we were on the road. I particularly remember one longer drive during a holiday trip. She had to go really badly while we were on the highway and there was no exit or parking area nearby. When we finally got off the road and found a restaurant, she was frantic. Later that day in our hotel room, we started making out and when I wanted to remove her panties, she suddenly said something like "I'm not going to let you see those, not with the condition they are in!" 

She went to the bathroom and came back wearing different underwear. After we'd had sex and she was sleeping, I just had to check the laundry bag. I found the panties and they had a moist yellow stain in the crotch and a wonderful aroma. Right after that discovery, I made it a habit to regularly check her dirty underwear at home, and I found more than a few "treasures", often with the sweet smell of urine, sometimes still damp. I never witnessed a major accident though, but I guess the poor woman had some kind of bladder issue.

I also remember one day when I surprised her in the shower and saw yellow rivulets running down her legs. I pretended I didn't see it though that could've been an opportunity. I still think maybe she might've been open for pee play, but I was too anxious to admit my likings at that time.

About seven years ago I began to date yet another woman. We had a very intense sex life from the start. Early in our relationship, when we were lying in bed post-coital and talking about our fantasies, I admitted that there was something I might tell her someday, but that it would need more mutual trust. She was curious, but she understood it was too early to keep asking.

About a year later we came home from a pub night, both pretty drunk and lustful. We decided to take a shower together. At that point, somehow relaxed from the alcohol, I felt it was about time to come out of the pee closet. While I was standing behind her, my arms wrapped around her naked breasts, us kissing wildly, I began to let it go. My urine was hitting her butt cheeks, running down her legs and I whispered into her ear that now she knew about my secret fantasy. Even though it probably wasn't her thing at that time, she reacted lovely. She even agreed to give something back that night, and being drunk surely helped her release a stream of her own. After almost 20 years of envisioning pee play scenarios, I finally had revealed myself to a lover and it felt incredibly good and exciting.

In the months and years that followed, watersports became an occasional variation in our sex life. Sometimes there were long breaks in between before I finally dared to remind her that it was a thing for me. Often I was afraid to do so, but every now and then I picked up the courage and usually she would consent. Often when she tried to pee on me, it was hard for her to break the seal, but with time she got used to it. I love to caress her with my tongue while she is sitting on me, and once during cunnilingus I asked her if she would spare a few drops for me – and she did. She managed to release a tiny little trickle and while I enjoyed the warmth and the taste of her juices in my mouth, I realized how lucky I was.

A few years later we spent part of our Honeymoon in a cozy little mountain hut. One evening we'd been drinking lots of wine and tea and started to cuddle, which quickly got pretty intense. I asked her if she wanted to take a shower with me. She broke into a wicked smile and said: "I'd love to, but I really need the toilet first!" I could convince her that this would be a wasted opportunity. We sat down naked on the bathroom floor, she was sitting on my lap facing me and we were holding each other tightly. She whispered "Are you sure about that? It's gonna be a lot!", but there was no turning back. The warm wetness spread in my lap and she showered my penis. I put one hand under her butt, I could feel the pee trickle, then I moved my hand closer to her crotch. I was right at the source! She was peeing for two minutes, maybe longer, her bladder must've been close to exploding. I thought that this must be one of the best moments of my life.

Until recently.

Some weeks ago, we were fooling around in the bedroom after we'd both just come home from work. My wife wore a skirt and dark tights, as she often does during the day. We were both horny and talking dirty, something we love to do for foreplay. She was pretty surprised when I suddenly tore the crotch of her tights with my hands and penetrated her through the hole I just created. While we fucked, I fantasized loudly about another scenario. I told her that I'd love her to wear tights in the bathtub, and I'd rip them open and she'd have to pee on me through that opening. I had talked about that idea before, but it had never happened so far. But her answer was what really got me going. She said: "You don't have to destroy my tights if you want me to pee on you. I can pee right through them!" After I heard that, I don't think I lasted another minute.

Yesterday we both enjoyed a day off work. Later in the evening, when she was slouched on the sofa in our living room, she called me and asked if I was in the mood to spend some time with her before preparing dinner. I knew exactly what she wanted, so I kneeled down before her, removed her underwear and started kissing and licking her pussy while she was gently moving her index finger inside her vagina. I know she loves to do it on the sofa since our neighbors do have a pretty good view from their kitchen window. At one point she said "I could probably need a wee first.", but I didn't care and we starting doing it right on the sofa.

But not for long. Suddenly she pushed me away from herself, got up, dressed again and led me into the bathroom. My heart was racing. No words were needed. She got into the bathtub and I followed her. She was wearing another pair of dark tights. Now I was sitting in the tub and she was standing above me with her legs spread apart. She smiled and asked "Do you want me to go?", but she didn't even wait for a reply. The first jet escaped her bladder, the fabric of her tights started glistening and pee was trickling down her leg. I got closer and held her thighs which were beginning to get warm and wet. She stopped and asked "More?" - and peed for another couple of seconds. I began licking the crotch of her tights, moving my tongue down her thighs. It tasted salty, but not too strong. The odor was sweet, but not too heavy. I was in heaven!

At one point I made her stop and did as I fantasized: I tore a hole into her tights because I wanted to see the source of her stream. She sat down with me, now we were facing each other. She allowed me to spread her labia with my fingers and she continued peeing, now in a small but strong arc that hit my penis. It took her another minute until she had finished. "I'm empty now!"

We left the bathtub and I sat her on a dresser. The whole room had a descreet smell of her pee. Her butt, still in tights, was wet from sitting in her own pee. Her legs were soppy because she had deliberately wet herself. I looked into her eyes and realized that she hadn't just done me a favor, she had enjoyed herself. I asked her if she got into pee games now and she answered: "Well, if you're usually allowed to cum on my body during sex, why shouldn't I be allowed to make you a little dirty too?" I penetrated her and decided not to soil her lovely body this time. And after just a few minutes I came inside her, both of us moaning loudly.

Afterwards, we both cleaned up and my wife threw the wet tights into the bathroom bin. Which was nice of her, because I had the opportunity to retrieve it this morning and have a few more minutes with the sweet smell of her urine before I went to work.

I hope this is just the beginning. If tights can get wet, why shouldn't panties as well? Or maybe, one day, a pair of jeans? You can always dream, can't you?

