Near Accident in Preschool

Author: diokno44x

*000*2016-05-11 20:00

Alright, I just remembered a memory from my preschool days. I went to the YMCA, and while I was potty trained, I did still prefer diapers. My five year old mind didn't register what my mother and the teacher were talking about, but since she sometimes asked, if I looked like I had to, "go potty" or "go pee pee/poopie", then she must not have known I was diapered, mostly beneath sweat pants or jeans. Though occasionally, such as in this memory, I went without a diaper. This was mostly us running out, and with my mom needing to head to a part time job she did, as well as pick up a new pack, I often went commando under my pants.

I had eaten a fairly big breakfast, the only thing I can recall was that, I believe it was oatmeal. I had also downed two bottles of milk. One for breakfast, the other in the car ride over. We lived relatively close to the YMCA, so it wasn't too long a drive. I was dropped off, said "Hi" to the teacher, and entered the daycare area. There were tables with chairs, mostly for eating during snack breaks, or coloring. There was a toy kitchen area, which I recounted during a close encounter with an accident in an earlier story on another thread. 

I plopped down in front of the bookshelf, and began reading one of the Young Readers beginner chapter novels they had. While reading, I felt a very familiar twinge in my bladder. I had quite good control for a kid my age. I focused on my book, trying to ignore the...instinct I guess, to just relax my hold. Flooding my pants wouldn't do too well, or at least, not in such an open environment. Normally, if I wasn't diapered, I would either reluctantly use the toilet in the nearby bathroom, or find a quite place, and just pee through my pants.

I must have begun fidgeting at some point, because I recall the teacher coming over and asking "Chris, do you have to go potty?" I shook my head no, and she left me alone. I felt a small spurt of pee dampen my pants, which were already dark. I stood up slowly, trying to hold back the floor. I shuffled about, looking for a place to go. I knew the bathroom was out of the option, since I had seen about three kids enter it, which was the maximum number of stalls. I didn't want to risk one of them coming out, and seeing me pee in the sink or something.

My eyes eventually came upon the tea pot from another memory. Or perhaps it was a new one. I scooted it behind one of the bookcases, where the teacher and her two aids were. Alright, one was there, but she was far from where I was. Hastily yanking my sweat pants down, I plopped on the makeshift potty, and let go. The sound of liquid hitting plastic filled my ears. I must of had to poop, and didn't notice, since I felt a couple logs slide out. Not wanting to increase the chances of getting caught, I emptied the contents into a nearby garbage can. What little kids can do to prevent an accident is amazing, and I was quite cunning for a five year old.

