A Midsummer Night's Accident

Author: IAmCrazy132

*000*2017-12-05 22:44

A few years ago, when I was a high school senior, my community theater put on a production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream". I was cast as Puck, and let me tell you, I was beyond ecstatic! I had been in gymnastics since I was in kindergarten, so I decided to be a bouncy, energetic faery. I was pretty excited until I realized who was Oberon-a guy from school who I had a few classes with. He had a major crush on me, and I would have been flattered if he hadn't acted on it so much. This guy just... he was the definition of "can't take no for an answer". He was always slapping my ass in the hall or grabbing my tits, but of course the school wouldn't do anything about it. So he was Oberon, I was Puck, and someone had the bright idea to take cues from the 2013 Globe production of AMSD. If you haven't seen it, that's the version where Oberon and Puck are very, uh, affectionate with each other. (They kiss VIOLENTLY and Oberon frequently holds Puck for no apparent reason.)

So, eventually, the big night comes. It's opening night, and I'm so ready for this. We get on stage, and about ten minutes in, I remember that I forgot to go to the bathroom before the performance. By the time we get to my first line, I have to go. My bladder is about the size of (haha) a faery's, so I got a little worried. It's manageable until the part where the guy playing Oberon picks me up. If you've seen the 2013 Globe version (it's online), you'll realize how hard that was on my bladder-I knew it was coming, but it was still fast and fairly shocking. I was so startled that I leaked a little, which was terrifying, because his arm was between my legs. Fortunately, I got control of it pretty fast. He didn't notice what happened, but he did notice my legs clamping shut around his arm, and he smirked at me while delivering his speech.

The play seemed to go on forever, and there was no intermission-at least, not for the actors. We were supposed to go backstage and do a quick final check that everything was alright, so I didn't have time to pee. It didn't become truly dire until I yelled "LORD, WHAT FOOLS THESE MORTALS BE!" (I told you I was an enthusiastic Puck.) I lost control for several seconds and squeezed my thighs together as hard as I could, but when I looked down I noticed a tiny wet patch. It wouldn't be visible to the audience, or to any of the other actors unless they were looking for it, but I started panicking. I somehow managed to hold on until the end of the play, but I almost gave up during my final speech. I was sweating and trembling the whole time, and I sounded desperate even to myself as I said the last lines of the play. "A-and Robin shall... restore amends!" After that, I turned and ran offstage, hoping the audience thought it was part of my act.

I didn't go back onstage to bow with the rest of the cast. Instead, I sprinted to my car, because it was actually closer than the bathrooms. I didn't think I would have made it anyways, to be honest, and I at least wanted to wet myself away from prying eyes. Urine started coming out as I ran, and when I finally reached my car I leaned against it and let go. I was wearing green pants, and I watched as they turned black with just the widest grin. They were glistening and stuck to my legs by the time I opened the car, put a towel down on the driver's seat, and went home. My parents were both at work, so I got in without them noticing. I threw my costume in the wash and thanked my lucky stars I'd made my own instead of borrowing someone else's!

