Teacher embarassed me, and created my pee fetish

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-10-27 11:43

I had a teacher who came out of retirement and she was probably 70 or 75 years old , bitter divorce and angry, She was a very very mean person, I barely remember her name ms Wisinger, she was a huge abusive bully to me.... . I think she had a cruelty pee fetish, she would never let our class go to the bathroom. I remember her nephew said he needed to pee really bad and she said no. I remember he started crying and I saw his pants get wet. My bladder filled up, I was sitting at my desk and I needed to go pee badly, but I tried to hold it as long as I could because I was scared of the teacher. After A while I needed to pee so bad I started crying, I went to the teacher and asked if I can go to the bathroom. She said no, and told me to put my hand down, and wait to lunch which was 2 hours away. I tried to wait a few minutes, then I remembered I had a doctors note and I told her I have a undersized small bladder.

She looked through her files for some reason she said she didnt find it, She told me to sit down and wait for lunch. I begged her to let me use the bathroom but she said no, and told me i needed to learn how to hold it like an adult. (At a pre-teen I was still wetting the bed, couldnt hold my pee, wetting myself, and crying when I couldnt make it to the bathroom. my bladder was very very weak during that time.) my bladder was so full that it started to give oout and I was sitting at my desk and the pee started to come out into my pants.

I stopped it for a few seconds then all of a sudden I couldnt keep it in and I started to pee in my pants. I felt the wetness shoot out of me and I started to cry a lot, Their was nothing I could do to stop it, I was peeing my pants in class and their was a puddle growing under my chair . I could hear the other students laughing while I was peeing myself, When I emptied my bladder the teacher said, stop crying and grow up sissy. I was crying like a baby in class with tears dripping down my face and my pants where soaked with a puddle under my seat.

I was so humiliated and traumatized, it even effects me to this day, I always make sure theirs a bathroom around or if im driving I always have a bottle to pee in or ill get anxious. My bladder is small I need to know where the bathrooms are at all times. I always get worried about where the bathrooms are, Since I have a small bladder, Ive peed myself a lot.

*005*2017-10-29 15:32

{{On 10/27/2017 at 8:44 AM, Ely said:

Fortunatly it never happened to me because we had lots of breaks in middle school 15min ones in the morning and afternoon and a big 1,5 hours one at lunch, sometimes even 5min ones between 2 lessons. But this kind of story makes me angry, those teachers are terrible and should be punished for being abusive. Emotional abuse is not okay ! Who the hell let a poor student cry during class ? That's cruel and I would have feel so sorry if it happened to one of my classmate. Actually, if my best friend were crying and about to wet herself, I would have taken her to the toilet with me without permission. Making kids hold for too long and too often can lead to UTI and kidney infection, that's a serious matter.

}}

I hated going to school because of her, she would never give me permission to go to the bathroom. She turned me into the kid who was known for peeing himself and it was humiliating. she made me pee myself almost every day because she never let me use the bathroom, It kind of damaged me

*006*2017-10-29 16:11

{{On 10/27/2017 at 6:13 PM, HoldingPrinces said:

I also have had so many such teachers in our school. But can't assume any of those had any pee fetish (except one). Laws are strict in our school so that teenage girls are allowed to go to toilet only during the interval. So a girl of my school has a better bladder than average, and some have grown into bladder queens, who don't pee at least once in school.

There was one dancing teacher whom we can assume that had a pee fetish, who was young and around 30. She always used to say "dancing girls should always hold and dancing girls should have a big bladder" She never allows to go to toilet during dancing practices. When we have dancing practices after school, she once asked us not to pee at least once during the whole school day, and come to dancing with a full bladder and hold that pee until the dancing practice is over.

She said that she will use it as a test to identify the girls most fit for dancing, and also that she'll consider it to select girls for the team for an upcoming dancing event. (That particular dancing event actually required a good bladder holding capacity) However I could pass that test, while most other girls failed. That teacher says that she holds pee all day in school and don't go to toilet at least once during a school day. She once showed us her bulging bladder, while wearing a tight legging. She always used to tell us stories about her long pee holds in her youth, when she was in school and when she was a dancer.

}}

She defiantly has a pee fetish if she showed your class her building bladder.

*012*2017-11-01 23:10

Despholder

{{On 10/29/2017 at 8:51 PM, Despholder said:

This for me seems like abouse. No repercusions happend? No parrent showed up in school to escalate matters?

}}

This is abuse its affected me all my life even till today, i'm always wondering where the bathroom is at before I feel comfortable. In those times my parents knew I had a bladder problem, so they didnt even bother addressing it. Their idea of a solution was giving the school nurse extra cloths.

*013*2017-11-02 00:04

{{47 minutes ago, Despholder said:

Are you still feeling as bad as you did back than?

}}

When I have to pee I start getting very anxious, when I have to pee badly I start to get scared and cry

