Memory Lane- My Wild Teenage Years

Author: xCookie

*000*2015-04-14 23:31

One the outside, I was your average teenager, slightly awkward, and learning my place. But on the inside, I was a party monster, and on our annual 7-day cruise when I was 16, some really awesome things happened. We were on the Carnival Dream, and as with all Carnival ships, they have kid's clubs. Club O2(ages 15-18) Was a really awesome place, where all the kids on the ship came to party and such. And party we did.

One the 3rd night, after leaving Key West, the club was just starting the party at 10PM. I was there, and meeting some new kids, when 4 of them started smuggling in drinks. The majority of them were small glasses of fruit punch flavored rum. I knew I wasn't supposed to drink, and being raised in Catholic school my whole life, i was a bit tentative. But I noticed that the majority of the kids were drinking them, so I thought to myself "One time couldn't hurt, right?"

By 11PM, many of us were pretty turnt. I stopped myself after 3 drinks, since I didn't want to come back to my cabin drunk off my rocker, only for my mother to find out. If she did, my father would have taken a personal helicopter to the ship, and killed me there. That's just how my parents were. At 3 drinks, I was more than drunk, being only 5"4 and 114lbs. However, we were all having fun, and nobody was too terribly drunk-yet.

At some point, we all decided to play a kissing game. Harmless, right? You would have been wrong. Several people lost their virginity that night, and I was one of them. How it played out, I will describe to the best of my memory.

By midnight, we had played a few rounds, people kissed, gave lap dances, that sorta thing. Really fun, and everything.e I shouted and yelled along with everyone else, and honestly, I was having a lot of fun, too. However, I was being distracted by two things. Number one, my bladder was rapidly filling, although I was wearing a diaper. And number two, there was this unbelievably cute boy across from where I was sitting, and I found it hard to look away from him. While lost in my daydreams, I was suddenly brought back to reality when the person next to me jostled me, shouting "Do it!"

I asked "Do what?" and he responded, "You gotta make out with that guy over there" as he pointed to the very cute boy I was thinking about.

I felt my bladder spasm in excitement, though my face didn't give me away at all. I slowly stood up, walked over to him, and sat down on his lap. He looked into my eyes, and sneaked me a small smile. I knew right away that I was going to need more than a few kisses to satisfy the urges I was feeling. I grabbed his face, and pulled him into a deep and passionate kiss, as all the other people went wild, jumping and yelling out "They did it! They really did it!"

After that long kiss, I whispered into his ear "I want more."

He nodded ravenously, and we both got up and moved to the corner of the club. I learned that his name was John, and that he was also bisexual. I just couldn't stop staring at his beautiful lips, so succulent and full of life... John noticed me staring, and casually asked if I would like some more. I didn't need to be asked twice as I pounced, wrapping him into one of the best kisses of my life. The force of my impact knocked John onto his back, but he simply wrapped his arms around me and returned the favor. By this time, the others had lost interest in us, and had moved on to someone else. That as perfectly fine by me, as it offered us greater privacy.

After nearly 5 minutes of nonstop kissing, I was abrubtly reminded of my other predicament, as my bladder made its intentions very clear. I paused for a moment, and John asked me what wrong. I told him I was fine, I just needed to pee. John smiled wildly as he said "Well then why don't you just go?"

I looked at him in shock, as I asked "How did you know?"

John looked at me with an amused look in his eyes as he replied "You really think I wouldn't have found out by now? Just go, and I'll change you."

I was in Heaven. Not only was I making out the cutest boy in the world, but he also WANTED me to wet my diaper!

My bladder gladly let go, and released a torrent of hot pee into my waiting diaper beneath. The relief felt so good, and I was certain my face gave me away. After that, John got up, and led me to his cabin. That's when the real fun began.

As I walked into the small space, the moonlight shone in through the balcony door. I looked up at John, and drew him into another deep kiss, as I began unbuckling his belt. He did the same to me, and within half a minute, there we stood in nothing but our socks, and my diaper.

John looked at me, and told me how hot I looked in a wet diaper. I smiled as I began untaping the diaper, letting it drop to the floor with a plop. I then proceeded to tackle John onto the bed, and continue furiously making out with him.

I then grabbed John's already hard member, and began stroking it lightly. He moaned in delight, and begged me to rub faster. His moans were making so horny that drops of precum were already dripping out my rock hard member. John noticed, and his own member began dripping in response. I couldn't hold myself back anymore. I kissed John on the lips, and began slowly working my way down his body, to his chin, his neck, stopping for a quick nibble, down to his chest, where I traced a heart on his chest with my tongue, and sucked briefly on his left nipple. John moaned with pleasure, as he grabbed my member in his hand, and began stroking it. I let out an unexpected moan, and John stroked me faster in return. I grabbed his member, and began stroking it as well, the whole time furiously kissing him.

I could feel my climax rising, and I could tell John was getting close, too. Our moans were getting faster and louder, and I started thrusting my hips into him, nearly screaming out in pleasure. Suddenly, I felt John tense up, and begin to shudder, and I looked down just in time to see his member explode with hot cum. The sight alone was enough to make me cum, and I came hard, blasting my hot juices all over John's face.

I fell onto John, overcome by my orgasm, and unable to move. I lay there, panting, while John whispered into my ear "That was so hot. I can't wait for tomorrow."

I looked into his eyes, as I realized that I had lost my virginity, and to a guy, no less. I smiled, and rested my head on his chest, as I slowly drifted off into sleep. The next few nights were some of the best nights of my life, but that's a story for another time~

