Peeing Pants in Class

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2016-04-11 19:19

So, I've been a lurker on this website for some time, and I thought it'd be nice to share some of my own wetting experience stories of what I've witnessed.

Back in high school, there was this girl I had liked, named Ari. We sort of had something going between us, but not serious. It ended it coming to the point where we sort of stopped talking, we had drifted apart. But we were still in each other's classes.

Junior year, that's when it happened. My English teacher, Mr. Robat, wanted us to do presentations on some book we had to read. I had no idea what was going to happen that period.

Firstly, let me explain Ari to all of you. A brunette with medium length wavy hair, those big dorky glasses chicks wear, fine body, nice ass, and always wore tight blue jeans.

I was talking to my friend when I heard from the side of me, "Oh my god...I need to piss soooo bad..."

Slowly, I look up and see that it was Ari who said it, talking to her friend Emma. "Go pee then, haha," Emma said.

"Ugh, the bathrooms here are so gross," Ari replied.

"You're right....just hold it until the end of the day?"

So class begins. Nonchalantly, I would look over at her every so often, to see what she was doing. Putting her hand on her crotch, with her legs crossed, as they bounced, one could easily be under the assumption that she really had to go.

About 10 minutes into the period, Emma said something funny to her, and it made Ari start laughing. I guess she couldn't help herself, because all of a sudden, she abruptly stopped, grabbed her crotch, leaned forward, and looked down. I knew what was happening. She had laughed too hard, where she started to piss. I guess she got a hold of herself, because she returned to talking with her friends.

About 5 minutes later, she started talking, and she suddenly hiccuped. I guess it must have been one of those painful, loud hiccups, because it was loud, and she jumped a little bit when she did. Suddenly, she grabbed her crotch again, and leaned forward. Every 10 seconds or so, she would hiccup again, and she would clench tighter on her crotch desperately. I guess what was happening, was that she would hiccup, and she'd let out a little squirt into her panties. The way I figured this, was because she quickly took her jacket, and covered up her crotch with it. Every so often, she'd take a look down under the jacket.

That had seemed to be it for then. She had kept bouncing her foot, and pressing tightly against her pussy a lot. Then, when my teacher told her to go up for her presentation, she at first, refused. "You have to do it or you get 25 points off", Mr. Robat said.

Ari got up slowly, holding onto her crotch. She had a lot of notecards, which meant it was going to be long for her. As she walked up to the front of the class, she dropped a notecard. She bent down, and as her fine ass was shown to the class, I saw a small wet patch. So she presented, and towards the end, was when it had happened.

At the end, she started leaning forward more and more. She dropped another notecard. When she turned around, bent over, and picked it up, I looked at her ass and saw a slow stream of piss coming down, slowly creeping down her leg. This was too much for me to handle. I excused myself out of class to calm down. As I was walking out, I heard Ari say, "That's my project, Mr. Robat, can I use the bathroom please??"

A few seconds later, she rushed out of the classroom. The bathroom was right outside of English class, and Ari ran to it as fast as she could. The problem was, during the last period of the day, the janitors often lock the bathrooms up before school ends. Guess what class I had last period?

Much to my own personal, innocent, witnessing luck, the bathroom was locked shut. She did a jog-in-place, looked around. I guess she saw me, but there was nothing to do about it, because she let it go.

Ari moaned. "Ohh..." and in that instant, she flooded the floor with piss. It went everywhere. It started down the front of her legs, then crept back, spread all along her ass, and splashed all over the floor. Meanwhile, she's frantically trying to open the locked door, and failed. She saw me looking. She blushed beet red, and sat on the floor, covering her face with her hands. I looked away, pretending not to see anything, then walked back into class.

A few minutes later, Ari came back into class, smelling like fresh piss as soon as she entered the room. Her tight, blue jeans were drenched in now dark, damp piss. Her jeans were ruined. Everyone saw, too, and everyone got quiet as she walked in. Quickly, she tied her sweatshirt around her waist. The sweatshirt didn't cover up her front, and everyone could still see the mess she had made all over herself.

The bell rang, and she quickly ran out. As the rest of us piled out, we all noticed the enormous puddle on the ground. Wow.

That's the story I have. I've had a lot of experiences with witnessing wettings, and a number of them are from Ari, believe it or not. This wasn't the only time she's pissed herself in front of me, I think she has bladder problems. Should I share more?

