Not In The Mall!

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-07-12 16:38

I went to the mall today, (more like forced to by my shrink) to go get a few items. Now before going to the mall, i'd already gone to the bathroom; but i drank two big mugs of coffee. I spent a few hours walking around, browsing, pricing, all that sorts of stuff. The coffee finally hit my bladder at full force, so I knew I only had a small amount of time to find a bathroom. The closest one was in the food court, so I made my way there. But... It was packed. I had to go threw between all the tables.

I'm sure I must have looked like a kitten making it's way to it's bed while crawling over everything. Just as i was half way there, I tripped over one of the bags that someone had left out in the walkway and ended up tripping. I landed on my stomach... and it happened... I wet myself right there, in the middle of the food court. I think the people who left the bags there felt bad, and ended up saying my mess was their drink that spilled, to save my dignity. I'm just so glad that one of the things I had bought was a new skirt, because the one I had was soaked. I managed to change myself, and take the bus back home safely... but i don't think I'll be able to go to the mall for a while...

*002*2010-07-12 19:56

I just wish I knew why these things were happening to me! *cries in a corner* I honestly don't know whats happening to me. I'm just hoping that it doesn't develop into full blown incontinence.

Well, there were people laughing at me, but luckily the people who helped me were really nice about it. Next time, I'll try to map out a different bathroom from that one. I just figured since that one was the closest, it would have been the better choice. Boy was I ever wrong about that one.

I'll have to go to that mall again either way, I had to make a pre-order on a video game before my accident happened.

*004*2010-07-13 16:19

Kingdom hearts birth by sleep! ^w^ I really love the series, and basically, I'm obsessed with it. The biggest problem about those games, is that their the type to destract me. But at least this ones on the PSP, so when nature calls I won't have to worry about waiting untill i beat the booss. (Though yes I'm aware of the pause button XD)

*007*2010-07-14 02:38

{{:

Mihataki,

I'm not a doctor. Just concerned. I think you said you are 20-something. Most on-line bladder advice applies more to people over 45 or 50. Given your age an otherwise asymptomatic bladder infection might cause your sudden urgency. If so, it needs immediate treatment before it infects your kidneys. A kidney infection could do you some series damage.

Please do get a diagnosis.

Stanley79

}}

Thank you very much. I have an apointment with my family doctor next wednsday, and I'll be sure to tell them everything about it.I really don't want it to develop into something serious.

*009*2010-08-01 17:23

{{:

It's kind of sad that it's PSP exclusive DX

}}

IT is sad! I got my very first PSP game, and Im finding it hard to play on it. I prefer it on the PS2, but I guess that's not up to us, eh?

