Wetting in First Grade

Author: Joeybear1999

*000*2016-03-10 06:42

Hey everybody! Just thought I'd add a bit to the male variety by posting a (unfortunately) childhood wetting experience, so, if you're not into the whole kid thing, (which I basically just find interesting because it is like an Omorashi origin story for all of us!), feel free to run to the hills haha.

So this was when I was about 6 years old, I was in first grade and we were watching "The Little Engine That Could(?)", and the whole class was sat on the carpeted floor near a TV that was mounted on the wall.

So I remember way earlier in the morning I had needed to pee slightly when I woke up but I was ALWAYS late getting up and going to school when my dad would take me as he liked to sleep in. So, as a result of our lateness, I went to school completely disregarding my need to pee the whole day until this class, which I remember being one of the last classes of the day.

Now, I was a SUPER shy kid, which later developed into my social anxiety as of present, so I never asked to use a restroom at school until a teacher saw I needed to go, (I was a hardcore potty dancer as a kid haha!), but this day I had none such luck. As we were watching the movie, I realized my need to pee was an emergency. I was sitting criss cross applesauce as they called it, and I remember we had to sit that way or we had to "pull a card" which was like a disciplinary system that meant when you reached a certain amount of pulled cards ya got your ass whooped. Anyway, It was not doing my poor little bladder justice. I was sitting there trying as hard as I could to focus on the little train engine trying to get over that bump in the tracks, all the while tears were welling up in my eyes and my hands were glued to my crotch. Without much of a warning, my body suddenly let go.

As I was sitting there trying to pay attention to the movie, my bladder started releasing itself into my hands. Ironically, just as I was trying to stop the flow, the lines coming from the little engine were, "I think I can, I think I can!". I repeated those lines over and over in my head as a sort of motivation, but it was of no use. I looked down as I saw my light blue jeans turning dark blue and glistening as my bladder began to spasm and release all over my bottom, onto the tan carpeted floor, causing it to turn dark brown, as I let out a torrent of pee. Then, as if right on cue, my teacher asked me, "Oh, Joey, do you need to go to the restroom!?". She must have seen my situation before I had wet, because I had been causing a huge scene, but she refused to act on it until it was too late. I started bawling. "Oh, honey, come on, do you still have to go? We'll get you to the bathroom!".

I actually don't remember much after this, must have been suppressed memories as it was pretty traumatic, but I remember every other detail. Butttt anyway, thanks for reading and I apologize for the shortness and/or boringness' of this experience, but hey, they can't all be good can they? Good day all!

