The moment when it all started

Author: Omoboy31

*000*2021-04-05 22:50

Hello! Today I would like to talk with you about that fateful day when my bladder issues became a kink. I was actually still a child and during those years I used to leak pee in my pants daily and had really frequent accidents. That day I was playing with Dan (it’s just pseudonym of course), one of my best friends at the time. We are still pretty close friends, we go to the same gym, we often hang out together, text each other and stuff like that. We also went on holidays together a few times; and, more importantly omorashi-wise, he knows about my condition and I think he knows that it’s also a kink.

We have that kind of childhood friends relationship, I think some of you will understand what I’m talking about. Off-topic, I used to have a huge crush on him because now he is handsome (just so you can have a clear picture of him, Dan is black), athletic and he has an insanely big dick, and he is quite proud of it. I think he is an exhibitionist, because when we went to the gym together before Covid he showed and joked about his huge dick with me shamelessly and also in other contexts he likes to grab his dick in front of me to show how big it is in his pants, he sends me pictures of his bulge to tease me (for example, today he was going on a job and he sent me a picture of his bulge in a pair of jobbing pants asking me if it was too evident, and it was really obscene!) however, I think I got carried away in my excitement.

Back on track, we were still kids and that day we were playing together in my room. It was quite a while ago, computer games were not widespread in my country so we were playing a board game. I was having lots of fun (I still love board games), so I ignored my growing need to piss. After a while, I leaked in my pants, but I was used to it hence I ignored the wet spot clearly visible on my pants. Ah, I would like to point out that I don’t remember everything perfectly, so sometimes I’m going to connect the dots to narrate a realistic reconstruction of the facts. Dan noticed the wetness on my pants and he suggested to take a bathroom break.

“You are going to wet yourself, you know” he told me. And he knew that I was going to, because he witnessed so many accidents... I pretended to be fine and kept playing, but after a few minutes I was leaking again, pretty heavily. “You have to go, you are wetting yourself”. I held my crotch as pee was gushing out and tried to deny it, saying that we could keep playing but I was having a complete accident. The hissing sound and the overwhelming wetness were adamant about it. I started peeing full force in my pants and a big puddles rapidly appeared. “You pissed your pants... I told you...” he told me, as I was still relieving myself. I remember that I liked having accidents in front of Dan, I deliberately wet myself in front of him and I think he knew it. He stared at me funny, and suddenly asked me “Why do you wet your pants so often”. “I don’t know, I can’t hold it...”

“How do you feel when you wet yourself”, Dan asked me quite embarrassed. “Why don’t you try yourself?”

“Ewww, no, it’s gross!” he replied. But I insisted until he accepted to wet in front of me: I was on cloud nine. “I actually have to go...” he admitted. And pee started gushing out of his pants. He peed really a lot and the hissing sound was absurd. I was still a kid, but I was aroused about it (now I’m aroused by the memory of it, but I would never fantasize about a kid, I want to be crystal clear about it). He pissed his pants completely, it was A LOT OF PISS, and at the end he was completely soaked and there was the biggest puddle I had ever seen up to that moment under his feet. “Did you like it?” I asked him in a really pushy way.

“I don’t know, it’s weird” he replied. I was ecstatic, completely overwhelmed by the view of my best friend’s pissed pants: it was the first time a felt a vaguely sexual sensation. After that, we never had other explicit omorashi experiences (I had other accidents in front of him of course), even though we kinda had sexual experience together when we were adolescent (watched porn together, teenagers’ stuff). Now, as I said, we are just good friends and he likes teasing me (he is an exhibitionist for sure) because he knows that I find him attractive and we know each other really well, but he is heterosexual. Well, I accepted it long time ago and now I’m perfectly fine with our current relationship, even though sometimes I think I will find the courage to ask him about that accident of many years ago, when I discovered thanks to him that I really liked omorashi!

*002*2021-04-07 12:44

If only he was! He just likes teasing me, but he likes girls. He’s comfortable with his body and with me because we grew up together and we saw each other naked countless times (gym, swimming pool, holidays, we watched porn together and stuff).

