Wet sweats after work- w/pics

Author: Unknown13

*000*2020-03-12 20:51

So I came across these pictures earlier today that I forgot had and felt obligated to share. These are from one of the only genuine accidents I’ve ever had. And I knew I was putting myself in a situation where I would have to be desperate, but did not expect it to happen the way it did. This is the first time I’ve shared in a long time, so I hope you enjoy because I’m pretty embarrassed.

So one day at work, we were painting an office, hence the old clothes. Gray sweat pants and a t shirt. During the day I drank plenty of water anyways, but when I realized the work day was nearing it’s end and I needed to pee, I decided to push myself a little bit further and drink another bottle of water. I was probably an 8 before that bottle. By the time work was over, I was definitely a 9. I needed to find a bathroom ASAP. But I knew I could hold it the 15 minute drive home and then wet my pants in the shower if I wanted. Well, for whatever reason what was supposed to be a 15 minute drive turned into a 30+ min drive. This was probably the second most desperate I had ever been in my life (I’ll tell the number one story another time, it’s not as exciting). 

I was practically squeezing my penis the whole drive home, with my legs crossed while I squirmed and bounced up and down. I was starting to worry. I had never pushed myself like this before. When I got to my apartment complex I ran to my building and then ran up 3 flights of stairs to my apartment unit. But...it was too late. With my arms full as I tried to unlock my door, I felt the stream slowly start to run down my legs. I couldn’t see any damage yet as I tried to stop the flow but I could feel the spot on my underwear growing as it continued to stream down my legs. Once I got my door open, the floodgates open. The wet spot started to form on the front of my pants as I grabbed a towel to throw on the floor. It was too late to make it to the bathroom. I completely flooded my pants in front of the toilet while my cheeks turned red.

I hope you enjoyed this story. If some of you are interested, I can share other stories. Thanks for reading I love feedback (and humiliation lol) so feel free to let me know what you think. Thanks everyone!

$$

$$

$$

$$

*008*2020-03-16 20:53

Thank you all for the kind words. I’m debating making another post...are there any requests?

