Very Desperate Downtown

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-10-25 19:20

Sunday night, I met a friend, who was in town on business, for a little piss pleasure. He had gotten a room in a hotel downtown; awesome that I didn't have to mess up my own place for a change :) Before I left, I asked him if he wanted me to bring anything, and his response was: "A bursting bladder." Since I had been prepping for it all day, drinking lots of water, coffee, and diet Dew, and pissing every half an hour or so, I told him that would not be a problem. However, I was worried about making it to the hotel dry, and asked him if he would be upset if I couldn't hold it and showed up wet. He said that would be fine, accidents happen, and asked me to bring my "nappies", too. So, I packed a bag with extra clothes, just in case I didn't make it, or he wanted me to wet something, and the Goodnites, and got on the road.

Downtown Milwaukee is about 15-20 minutes from where I live. I had to stop and get gas, and also bought a Powerade Zero, since those make me pee for some reason. My bladder had already sent out some signals that I was getting full, but I figured I'd be cool until I got there, and up to the room. Even though my desperation was rapidly increasing the closer I got to the hotel, I was still confident I could hold it. I hadn't counted on not being able to find a parking spot. Something was going on downtown, I have poor eyesight, and had to circle the block several times.

I was growing nauseated from holding it, being so near to relief was making me need to piss even worse, and I began to sweat. My focus on the road was beginning to suffer, I had to just park, even though I was two blocks away. I grabbed my bag, lit a cigarette, and walked quickly to the hotel with my legs tight together, hoping for the best. I felt better standing up than when I'd been sitting, but I still really, really, really, needed to go.

He was in the lobby, watching the Redskins game. I'd texted him along the way to tell him how desperate I was, but he hugged me anyway, and I bounced around a little in his arms. We went to the elevator, and I kept potty dancing, I couldn't help it, I had to. In the elevator, he told me I could pee myself, but I just held my crotch and crossed my legs. My desperation distracted him to the point he forgot to hit the button on the elevator to take us up, which made me make one of those "Grrrrrrr!" type noises. Finally, we got to our floor, and his room was pretty close to the elevators. In the room, he asked me if I was wearing a nappy. I told him I wasn't, if I had, I would have already pissed myself, because I was in pain.

He was stripping (warning, nudity) so I did, too. I had to stop the process and hold all my muscles taut several times in the process, but I finally managed the task. He was leaning on the bed; he wanted me to pee on his cock. The moment I spread my legs, my piss began trickling down my left leg, and dripping on the floor. He took me into his arms, and I quit fighting it, and let it flow all over his hard on. It made a big puddle on the carpet, too. Sweet relief, finally.

There is more to this story, a few more goldenshowers. If you want to hear about it, give me a hell yeah.

*002*2016-10-25 20:15

{{21 minutes ago, dampknickers said:

Hell yeah !

}}

Alrighty, then! I'll make it a new topic, though, since it involves female and male...

*006*2016-10-25 22:46

Here's part two:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33603-goldenshowers-and-hotel-pissing/?do=embed"

