Pissing During a Lockdown

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2016-09-16 22:29

Hey, so I haven't been on here in literally forever. Sorry about that, been really fucking busy with work and stuff.

So since I'm actually finally back, why not kick it off with another experience that I witnessed with Grasen?

So this was during my senior year in high school, and I was in a science class at the time. At this point in my life, I had already witnessed several other wettings, so I actually began to jot down details of whenever I witnessed something. I still have the notebook, which is why I post the stories on here, is because I see the stories written down whenever I look through it.

Alright so, like I said, I was a science class at the time, and I had it at the end of the day. I had gotten through about halfway through the period (and it was mostly just taking notes) and was almost falling asleep because of how long a day it had been. Then, something woke me up and made me snap out of it.

"Pardon the interruption, but the building is now in lockdown."

The loudspeaker even made me jump, it was so loud. Now, keep in mind that I have severe anxiety. So whenever I hear these things, my immediate reaction is, holy fucking shit there's probably a shooter in the building holy shit. And I thought this especially at the time, because we had already had a fire drill at the time, so I thought it very strange that we'd have a lockdown drill on the same day.

So I was instructed by my teacher for everyone to go under their desks. The lights were shut off, door was locked, the shades were drawn, everything became dark. So I decided that for the five minutes that the drill would take place, I would just play that Crossy Road game under the desk, on my phone. The expected five minutes turned to ten minutes, then that turned to fifteen minutes. At this point, I began worrying that something could potentially happen to me, I didn't know what the hell was going on. I texted my friends trying to see if they knew what happened, but nothing was really known. Only rumors.

So I became very bored, and started to fall asleep again. (Perfect time to sleep during school, am I right?) Then, an announcement rang on the loudspeaker. "Students and teachers, please remain in lockdown mode until the police leave the building." Now I really began to worry, like why would the police be here??

I began falling asleep again, until something caught my attention again. It was Grasen's voice from across the room. "Are we allowed to leave the room?" My teacher replied, "no, we're in lockdown, Grasen." Grasen was wearing a tight shirt and tight jeans with a black belt tightly around her waist that day. All tight.

Then I heard Grasen say, "but I really have to pee..."

My teacher ignored her. "Can I please go? The bathroom is right outside the classroom, I'll be quick!"

"No Grasen. I'll get in trouble and so will you if you leave here."

"Literally I am about to pee my pants, ughhhh....." Grasen complained. Hell yeah.

My teacher ignored her again. Now, I know some people, when they have to piss, will just toss out "I'm gonna pee my pants," even if it's not that bad. But Grasen KEPT on complaining, over and over again, on how bad she had to pee.

"Could I just open a window and pee out that?"

"Look Grasen, you should have went before you came to class anyways. Don't you know you can weaken your bladder by holding it in so long? It's been scientifically proven."

"Oh my god, I just really need to pee so bad, I'm actually right about to pee myself, no joke."

A good half hour must have went by from the start of the lockdown. So we were in there for a while. And it was right at the end of the day, and another announcement came up: "Teachers, please do not dismiss your students, we are still in lockdown for the next ten minutes."

Grasen groaned. Since we knew that the lockdown was almost over, people starting getting up and walking around. My teacher didn't care. I walked up to her for a minute to say something to her, and when I walked away, I went over to Grasen. I started up conversation with her about how long the lockdown was being. We started chatting, and somewhere along the conversation, she said, "I have no problem with how long the lockdown is to be honest. Actually, I wouldn't have a problem, if I didn't have to go pee so badly." As we talked, she leaned on her desk, biting her lips.

Another fucking announcement came on. "The lockdown is over, but please remain in your classrooms as the buses have not yet arrived."

Grasen ran over to my teacher. "Can I please go now? Please?"

My teacher simply said, "No."

Grasen's jaw dropped. She spoke so fast it sounded like it was all one word. "Ohmygodimactuallyabouttopissallovermyselfplease"

My teacher walked away. Everyone started putting on their bags. The bell finally rang, and almost everyone walked out of the class. Grasen looked happy to hear that the bell rang. Well, she was, until we heard on the announcements "Although the bells rang, do not send your students out of the class, the buses still are not here."

My teacher said, "oh shit", and quickly ran out of the classroom to get everyone back in. But to my teacher's horror, everyone had been long gone. Grasen was just about to put on her bag when the announcement, and she looked at me with literal tears in her eyes.

"No...." she quivered, looking down at her jeans. We were the only ones left in the class. A patch started off small, to which it got darker, and bigger, spreading rapidly all along the front and sides of her jeans. She looked up at me after about 5 seconds of staring at her pants. Her mouth was wide open, which turned into - get this - a smile, followed by a short, quiet laugh from her.

I didn't know what else to say. So stupid me says "Are you actually pissing your pants?" No shit Sherlock.

"Yeah, can't you see?" Grasen replied, blushing.

As always, a puddle formed, dripping from the bottom of her tight jeans, onto the marble floor. She turned around to look at the back of her jeans, and yes, the bottom of her beautiful ass was soaked. It went down from her ass, down her thighs, with a few small streams at the bottom, followed by it splashing on the floor.

"Oh my god...." Grasen said when she finished, and ran out of the classroom to run into the bathroom across the hall.

I'll tell you what happened after she came out in another experience story, I feel it's as good as another experience put down. It's not another wetting from her, but it was just so good of an experience, it should deserve a second part on its own.

