Close call in Maine

Author: Ethi

*000*2020-05-11 03:37

Hello omo community im back, but not for long, just wanted to post a small story about my first trip To Bangor Maine, had a very close call back when this happened. So lets keep it short and sweet.

So I was in Grade 11, I was 16 and Me, my step mom, my dad, sister and my brother were all going shopping over at Maine.. yay.

I hate shopping so the whole trip was a drag but what was a little fun was my ever growing need to release my bladder into my jeans, I was just wearing a super simple pair of blue jeans, nothing special, and I remember wearing a dark red pair of fruit of the loom boxers (strange how I remember this)

During the trip I got thristy and for some reason my dumbass bought two large bottles of water, I drank them both fairly quickly because in Bangor that summer it was HOT. And shortly after I needed to go..

My bladder is pretty strong, but when i leak, I leak badly and this was definitely a bad showing of my bladded and its strength, the longest I ever held before was 9 hours (still stands true to this day and I keep trying but I can never beat it) and I felt my bladder kicking at my stomach for me to pee.

I denied my bladders requests only because there simply was no bathroom nearby, like for any of you guys who live or have been to Maine there is just alot of forests. So as the drive continued I felt my boxers getting damper and damper, I crossed my legs and the leaks jept coming rapidly, I remember a spot about the size of about 3 marbles clumped together inbetween my legs because I forced my penis down so the wet spot wouldn't show where the front of my jeans were. 

And soon a rest stop came up and I pleaded for my dad to stop and he did, I hopped out of the car and made a mad dash for the bathroom, almost hitting a game warden on the way in, and I saw the mens bathroom sign and I pissed out what felt the Niagara falls, the pure force of my piss hitting the water in the toilet (there wasn't a urinal) was so loud, i looked at my boxers and they were pretty damp, I panted and gasped standing there holding myself, then once I was done, I looked in the mirror and made a super shocked expression to myself, washed my hands and that was the trip! Lame.. yet I had a super close call.

That was it, sorry if this story was a bit more boring, i didn't actually explode into my boxers, but I enjoyed the experience, I'll probably be gone again for another while but I'll check back here to see if there are any replies or messages, thanks guys!

Stay corona free ❤ wash your hands.

*002*2020-05-11 18:01

{{1 hour ago, WetDave said:

Good to see you here again, nice story.

}}

Thanks man :)

