Unintentional Bed Wetting

Author: xkitty

*000*2022-04-30 04:48

I don't the wet the bed unintentionally very often. Like, ever. I've only ever woken up peeing in my adult life once, and even as a kid I was not a bed wetter. The other day I took a nap after work. It's finals season and I was exhausted after having written an exam and working in the same day. I fell asleep in an oversized hoodie, but I never wear anything else to bed. I remember dreaming that my friend was putting on a diaper, and I thought it was strange but they told me to do it too so I did without questioning it too much. In the dream I was quite desperate, and my friends told me to let go and start peeing. I woke up in that moment before I got to feel the dream sensation of wetting in a diaper and noticed how badly I had to pee.

In my groggy state, I reminded myself I had a diaper on and could pee, and so I started leaking. I peed for a good five to ten seconds before I realized I was not wearing anything and that it was a dream. I put my hand under myself to feel how much I had let go, and decided that since I had already started I should just finish. I sleepily let the rest of my bladder go. I could feel it pooling under me and soaking into my sheets and sweater, I curled up in the warmth and fell back to sleep. When I woke up later I was still very wet, and had to pee again, I slowly let my bladder go, feeling my cold puddle warm back up. After wards I slipped my hand down to feel my mixed wetness and brought myself to a climax before getting up and doing much needed laundry.

Bonus story

I'm writing this after a long boring shift in which I held for the last three hours. I was pretty desperate when I got home, but I wasn't specifically looking to wet, I was just going to let go in the shower. I sat down at my computer desk though to write this out and I accidentally leaked. So I decided to just let go and have been sitting in my puddle for the last ten minutes. I'm currently rocking against my heel and am very close to climaxing again.

