Sarah's Diaries : Still Wetting!

Author: jasonpa

*000*2017-07-29 22:44

It has been some months since I last posted. Home life has been turbulent to say the least , however Sarah, myself and the boys remain a family if mainly for the sake of our children.

For those who are not familiar with Sarah (See Sarah's Diaries). In summary she is my wife of 13 years and mother of our two sons aged 9 and 7. She is a slim, attractive red head.

Sarah she has always had bladder issues, from leaving it to late and getting caught short, to dribbling slightly over time and having to change. So as you can imagine over the years there have been more than a handful of incidents.

At the moment I can't help myself having a daily rummage through the laundry basket finding Sarah's wet underwear (example below) or damp/smelly jeans, stained skirts etc. I love to feel and smell her soiled underwear and often add a little of my own pee to them before putting them back. They are already so wet she would not notice. Does anybody else have this strange fetish or am I alone with this one?

I will write again shortly but before I go let me just relay an incident which happened a fortnight ago. We were at a major out of town retail centre. Sarah was in tight jeans and boots. She didn't suddenly wet herself but I think dribbled over the course of an hour or so and had not realised just how wet she had got. She always wears Tena pads but it had clearly past its limited because I looked at Sarah's crotch to see a wet patch about an inch across. I signalled to Sarah who was mortified and quickly covered it up with a shopping bag.

Sarah changed her underwear in the nearest toilets (she always carries spares) and tried to dry her jeans. We ended up going straight home which was no bad thing as I hate shopping. She sat on my waterproof golf top in the car so the seat didn't get wet.

More to come very soon.

Paul

$$

