First time using absorbent sleepers (with pics)

Author: Rajnish94

*000*2016-03-21 14:09

After have ran out of diapers, I had some empty space in my secret briefcase (where usually I hide diapers). So I decided to go to the store and buy something to protect the mattress in case of enuresis... And well, my dream came true :D

I haven't wet the bed since I was 8 years old. The last time it happened was on summer when I was spending the holidays with my family in a touristic village. We had stayed in a bungalow and I slept in a single bed. But one evening, I was being bothered by a mosquito and couldn't fall asleep (and perhaps I hadn't noticed if my bladder was full or not because of this reason). So I went sleeping in my parents' bed. When I woke up, both were looking at me in a strange way and I realized I had wet the bed. I've never felt so embarrassed in my whole life. They made me wash the sheets for punishment. Since that time, I've always been too paranoid about going to the bathroom before going to bed. I started being afraid of wetting myself in any moment, day or night. So now it's really hard for me relaxing and peeing while being in a bed.

But this time, even if it was only a try, I felt so sure that, as soon as I decided to wet, I immediately started peeing without stopping. I was lying sideways and I got soaked from my crotch to my chest! It has been amazing remembering how it's like to wet fully in the bed - a matchless sensation :D Next time I'll drink a lot before going to bed and I'll let it go just when the urge will wake me up!

*003*2016-03-21 23:03

{{ 

I didn't even know the existence of absorbant sleeper !! Look very comfy and nice to use !!

I thinks i will look to found some, but i truly never see this in any kind of store o_o

}}

I could have used the wrong term, I don't know. English is not my native language x3

In other words, it's like a large absorbent pad which you can put under the sheets so that the mattress is safe. I'm sure you've already seen something like that :)

The package calls them "traversine assorbenti" in Italian, and I've found that the translation for "traversina" is "sleeper". I guess now that the literal translation is not very accurate, so it's better call them "absorbent pads" x3

By the way, thank you very much for what you have written about my pics and my story! ^w^

{{ 

Congrats! It seems like you've really wanted that - and it looks like you can do it more now! :)

}}

Yup! In the last months I've been so obsessed with the idea of trying bedwetting without worrying about the mattress. Now I'm very satisfied :D

