Wetting at my part-time job

Author: LittlePee

*000*2022-03-02 12:54

In my part-time job, I work as a receptionist in a psychotherapy office. So the patients have very specific appointments they come to and no unpredictable appointments actually happen.

On the day in question, only one therapist was there and I was behind the counter. The plan was for me to work my 6 hours (scheduling appointments, making phone calls to health insurance companies, billing, etc) and then go back home. Since I was expecting my period in the next few days, I put period underwear under my black jeans in the morning to be safe.

The day went by as planned, I worked through my workload, drank lots of tea, took care of incoming patients, and had a lot to do.

Shortly before the end of my shift, I finally reached the contact person of a health insurance company with whom I had to clarify something important.

An hour earlier, I had noticed that the tea I had been drinking all day was making its way into my bladder. Because I was working alone that day and still had a lot to do and it was only an hour until the end of my shift, I did not follow the need.

During the conversation with the lady in charge, I began to slide back and forth on my chair for the first time in order to suppress the feeling of having to go.

Soon after, I took my hand to help. The conversation continued and I found it increasingly difficult to follow the lady's explanations and not to be distracted by the pee that was desperately trying to flow out of me.

When I had to take my hand out of my lap to make a note of something, I felt for a brief moment how a trickle of pee oozed out of me. Fortunately for me, the padding of the periods underwear absorbed the liquid.

The conversation lasted for what felt like an eternity. Again and again pee dribbled meanwhile into my underwear and was absorbed there. When the lady finally said goodbye and I could put the phone aside, I groaned with relief and immediately pressed both hands in my lap.

I began to think about how I could get to the toilet most quickly without losing it and completely wetting my pants. Sure I had the special underwear on, but I was also not sure how much this would hold.

While I was still pondering and felt how it dribbled out of me again, the therapist working today came up to me and asked me to get some things from the basement that she urgently needed for the current therapy session. Before I could answer, she was already gone. So I had two options: run to the bathroom and possibly jeopardize the success of the current session, or quickly rush into the basement and hope that my bladder would cooperate.

Out of a sense of duty (and fear - the therapist is intimidating) I chose the second option.

Just getting up from my chair was absolute horror. My bladder felt like it was being pulled all the way to the floor by gravity. Pee ran out of me and into my underwear, which seemed to miraculously hold. After a few seconds of standing there frozen, I pulled myself together and went to the basement. Legs pressed tightly together, one hand between my thighs. With the hand there I could already feel moisture that slowly came out and was glad for my black pants.

Miraculously, I managed to bring the necessary utensils from the basement to the therapy room without losing further against my bladder.

But no sooner had I closed the door again and thought of the now coming freedom of the toilet, I completely lost control.

Pee rushed out of me, a noticeable lake formed in my panties and I realized that the underwear would not hold this amount of pee.

I struggled down the hall to the toilet, but it was too late. The moisture made its way and after a few seconds I felt that my jeans were now no longer dry. Unfortunately my jeans were not that black, that you couldn't see what happened. My butt was wet, it ran down my legs, some drops dripped under me on the tiled floor of the toilet and formed a small puddle. Even my shoes were not spared and I felt the moisture in my socks at the ankles.

I had no choice but to wipe the floor dry as wet as I was, clean up my workspace and make my way home. The sun was still shining, unfortunately, which is why I'm sure some of the passers-by saw what had happened. At least I did not meet any of my roommates at home, so here my accident remained undiscovered.

