Peed pants in school

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-06-08 15:56

Well i know what it's like to pee yourself in front of people it's a vary scary experience and it will stick with you for the rest of your life. For me when I know when I'm in classroom with people and i know I can't get to the bathroom it's a cold feeling. I want to grab myself so bad but I'm afraid someone will say something. when my bladder is at the point of no return I start to get a chill and i lock my legs so the my pee will stop moving around. I bend forward a little bit as if i was gonna put my head down and I want to just cry but people my age arn't suppose to cry. I try my best to finish my work but i cant considerate anymore and i just write anything and hope it's right. I'm sitting here scared to death because i know my bladder isn't as strong as it should be. every minute that passes by seems like an eternity with relieve hours away. I could feel my self starting to sweet of the fear of being embarrassed in front of my class mates and they will never let me live it down.

I firmly place a close and on top of my burning fire hose knowing it's no good. I gain the courage to ask to go to the bathroom but was denied. my hopes of making it home dry went right out the window. I feel like it's the end of the road for me i only have minutes left I want to cry but people my age arnt suppose to cry. i regret not taking my chance to use the bathroom when i already had to pee but i was having to much fun. Now I'm sitting here scared to death hoping for a way out... but the way out is so far away.

Time is rolling by so slow and now my bladder is losing the fight. I rased my hand again hoping for the way out but i was told no. I became so scared and alone that I began to shake. I finished my work knowing it not going to be as good as it should but i didn't care anymore. I hear people around me saying he's going to wet him self like a little baby. i wanted to say something to them but i knew it was going to happen. my bladder is losing the fight and the drops of pee began to escape. I can feel the wetness in my pants and i felt the muscles in my face began to tighten like i was about to cry but i resisted. i felt my bladder begin to push.

The first push kind of hurted a little bit but nothing came out. the second push was so long it was so hard to fight off. i knew for a fact that my bladder sphincter was going to tire it self out. I felt push number three come and i closed my eyes hard and tried my best to hold it but only a little came out. I opened my eyes and i see some of my class mates looking at me... i felt every eyeball burn the back of my head. my heart was racing when the forth push it i tried to fight it off but i couldn't i peed for a second or two before i could stop it. I could see feel the wetness in my underwear and i felt the pee drip down to the back of my pants. I was hoping it wouldn't show in the front then i could say i sat in water.

I wanted to rase my hand but I already knew what the answer was. I said forget it and I took my fist off my crotch and just put my head down. I could feel my water hole dripping and making me wetter little by little. My bladder fought a long hard battle but it was defeated... the fifth push came i tried to stop it, i tried so hard. My face was so tents i knew it was the end of the road i couldn't stop it this time. the pee just came shooting out and when that happen i felt like i was stuck in time. with my head tucked in between my arms i didn't want anyone to see my face. 

The pee just kept pouring out of me like a shook up soda. I could feel my pants getting wetter and wetter and i heard the pee hit the ground. i eventually got my bladder to stop but the damage was done so i just let the rest of it out. when my bladder was empty i could feel the damage, i could feel the eye balls,i could hear the laughter it was the worst thing in the world for me. i heard the teacher say go clean up but i was to humiliated to move I was frozen. I thought life was over for me.

