High School Desperations

Author: Aloe

*000*2017-07-15 17:27

[Disclaimer: All girls are over the age of 18 at the time of the story]

Hey Guys!

I realize I’m pretty overdue on my promise for more stories from Marissa; they’re coming, I am a man of my word. Recently, I have made an attempt to catalog all of my desperation experiences, including #2 desperation. It’s was more difficult than I thought! I shouldn’t be complaining really; after all, even a single desperation experience can be fairly uncommon, and I have been very fortunate to have a lot of desperation experiences, several open minded girlfriends, and the boldness to put myself out there and say, “this is what I’m into, you think we could give it a try?”

With that said, I like to keep things fresh and interesting, and tell different stories about different experiences, with different people. While many of my most memorable first experiences were with Marissa, I have had many assorted experiences along the way that I would like to throw into the mix.

These are some of the other desperation experiences I had back in high school.

*****Fair warning, one of these does include poop desperation. These will be marked before the story.

Anabel- She was easily the prettiest girl in my graduating class. Easily. She was a curvy Latina girl with long chestnut brown hair, a beautiful face, and great body, toned through athleticism, average bust be very wide and pronounced hips. She spoke thorough Spanish, but with a fair complexion that might make you think she was Greek. She was the epitome of exotic; in fact, I had a huge crush on her throughout most of high school until I ended up with Marissa; she kind of liked me too, but nothing ever ended up happening.

Marissa and Anabel were incredibly close; they’d known each other since they were in Jr. High! Unfortunately, it was a small school and my crush on Anabel was very publicized for at least two years. So when I started dating one of her best friends, you can imagine how that might’ve complicated things. Not so much for me, but more for Marissa; she became fairly jealous, which then developed into an unreasonable jealously later in the relationship, which ended up being the reason we broke up.

However, during the beginning of the relationship, Marissa was fairly comfortable with me hanging around her circle of friends, which led to me witnessing some very charming desperation encounters. Anabel, in addition to several other girls, were also fairly open about their desperation.

Anabel was a little different though. She would never verbalize her desperation, but she was without a doubt the sexiest pee dancer I’d seen in High School. It wasn’t too exaggerated, it wasn’t too subtle, it was perfect: she would dance from foot to foot, and slowly pick up speed and she became more and more desperate. Her body would tense up, and she’d press her arms to the side while flexing her wrists outward as she danced, with the distress written all over her face as she cringed and bit her lip. It was something out of fantasy, and the view from behind was even better, her ass becoming more pronounced as she hunched over and continued to prance. It was heavenly.

I witnessed this on a few small occasions, but this was the most dramatic and memorable. It started off like any other school day. Class, class, break, class, class, lunch. I was in wrestling at the time, and anyone who’s familiar with wrestling knows that we have a very particular diet. On this glorious winter day I was delighted myself with chicken salad for probably the 2 week in a row, when I decided to spoil myself it and actually put dressing on it this time. It was probably a Friday, I think I had earned it by this point.

I got in line and realized I hate lines. I hating waiting for things in general, especially when I’m buying the same thing I’ve eaten every day for 2 weeks; dressing or no dressing, it still sucked. But a guys gotta eat. As I stood there waiting miserably, I couldn’t help but notice sexy looking butt about 4 spaces in front of me. I knew that butt anywhere: Anabel was also in line, probably also buying the infamous chicken salad that all athletes lived by during competition season. Conveniently enough, Anabel was also keen on hydrating, particularly on game day. This may not have been game day because I don’t recall her wearing her jersey, but she was carrying around a large quart sized bottle of water. And she was stepping back and forth. Fast. The quart sized water bottle was half empty. ALL at once, it hit my like a runaway train. Anabel had to pee, and I had a front row seat to her gorgeous ass swaying from side to side. All of a sudden, I don’t mind waiting in line.

Thankfully my perverted staring went unnoticed, it simply looked like I was staring at my shoes, or someone’s shoes at least. She was waiting with another girl, Trina I think it was, a cute Philipina girl that had some desperation troubles of her own a couple of occasions. As Anabel began to walk in place, almost like she was marching, Trina made a comment.

“Just go pee already Ana.”

“Idon’thavetopee-“ Anabel caught her breath for a second. “I don’t have to pee Trina.” She stood with her legs stiff.

“Oh my gosh your prancing Anabel you always prance when you have-“

“- Can you not embarrass me right now!? Please?” Anabel was beginning to get frustrated, and had ceased her sexy pee dance entirely.

“Haha okay sorry! What are you getting for lunch?”

And after that the clamor of the crowd grew too much, and the last I saw of Anabel was her plump bottom rounding the corner to the sitting area, probably going to go relieve her burdened bladder.

Fast forward to the end of lunch. I was by my locker, as I was getting ready to go to class. Her locker is straight down the hall from mine, and I’d often pass by and say hi on my way to class. Today though, was a little different. As I collected my books and prepared to leave, I turned to my right and saw Anabel walking very stiffly, at a very fast pace.

“Hi Anabel!” I said, with a cordial smile.

“HeyAlexhowareyou?” She sped through the sentence like she was running a race.

“HAHA what? What’s the rush!?” I said humorously.

At this point she turns to me, with what looked to be a forced smile, and instantly starts pee dancing, stepping back and forth from foot to foot.

She hadn’t gone to the bathroom at lunch. She held it all the way through. WHAT!? Why would she do that? Like, why would anyone do that? She was pee dancing in line, she obviously had to go bad. I was more confused than aroused at this point. I was baffled why she hadn’t gone. And then I saw it, the full bottle of water. She had refilled her bottle of water, and had not gone to relieve herself. So much for responsibility… But that was okay. Her negligence was making my day.

“Oh nothing, I’m just running late for class!” She giggled shyly as she continued to pee dance in front of me.

Seeing her dance quickly returned me to arousal. She turned to walk away, but like any self- respecting omorashi enthusiast, I had to do the dick move dragging out her dance routine.

“Ohokaywhichclass!?” I perked up, now on par with Anabel for the schools fastest talker, but for very different reasons.

“Ummm… It’s math, math yeah!” She crossed her legs tightly and pressed her arms to her sides. She must have been bursting.

“Ugh, don’t tell me you’re taking calculus.”

“Fine, I won’t tell you I’m taking calculus.” She teased, a real smile penetrating her face this time.

God, she was beautiful, and her beauty was only accentuated more by her muscular thighs and wide hips swaying rhythmically back and forth, as she fought to maintain composure. I imagined how full her bladder must be, how close she must be to the breaking point. It would be nice if I could see that breaking point, but I knew she was far too responsible to ever let that happen.

“Good, a smart- ass like you should be in AP.” Not my best material, but it was enough to make her laugh.

And laugh she did. She began to laugh, but then all at once crossed her legs and bit her lip.

“Oh my gosh you’re too much! I’m gonna be late!”

And with that she ran off. Off down to the locker, right past mine. She struggled with the locker, the whole time pee dancing, crossing her legs, her ass jiggling up and down as she tried desperately to open her locker. This was the best candid desperation I had seen in a long time, and I was okay with being late to class to witness the rest of it.

I made a play of fumbling with my locker to check her out for a little long. She had opened her locker and was grabbing the books when she must have had a bladder spasm. She winced and brought a knee all the way up to her waist, and crossed it over the other leg and hovered there for a while, her butt sticking out to apply pressure to her pelvis.

I couldn’t help but comment, “You okay over there?”

“Yes, I’m fiiiiine!” She laughed, obviously embarrassed.

And then she was gone. I’d like to think she would’ve wet herself, and maybe even leaked a little. But that’s not super realistic. I mean, that just doesn’t happen in real life does it?

No it doesn’t. Not with Anabel anyway. She made it just fine, no stains, no change of clothes, the fantasy ends there.

There’s another girl though, Carly, who I was also really into at one point. Unlike Anabel, she was also pretty into me. Consequentially, I got to see her desperate far more frequently, see her wait way too long, and listen to her share way too much information with me. This is the girl who’s definitely piddled herself a little on a couple of occasions, and has even come so close as to having a… messier kind of accident. She’s a babe, and I’ll be writing about next, in addition to Marissa.

Take care everyone, I’ll be back soon!

