A Wet Day

Author: Dunney

*000*2017-03-10 23:16

Having the house to myself has its upsides, and one is that I can wet when I like. After lunch, I started drinking. Nothing alcoholic, just water, tea and coffee. Soon I needed to piss. I'm incontinent, so can't hold it, but as a life-long wetter I'm comfortable about that. I wet my pants several times. After I drew the curtains at night (I have a lot of windows) I put a painter's plastic drop sheet over my recliner, put a towel over it and carried on drinking while I watched TV, including some omorashi porn. When I got up to go to bed, the towel was soaked and dripping wet when I picked it up.

My bladder was full when I went to bed. Piss was trickling down my legs as I hurriedly got into bed and let loose. I wet several times in the morning, and got up very late. Here's a photo of my bed this morning.

$$

*002*2017-03-11 04:56

I can't tell when I'm going to lose control. I just know that if I don''t go when I get the first signal, I will lose control. If it ever happens when I'm with people my first stop will be a chemist's shop for adult diapers and plastic pants.

If I'm going to front up to people, socially or on business (especially personal business like haircuts) I make a point of not drinking beforehand. If it's a morning meeting, I even cut down on the milk on my cereal, and I don't drink anything. So far, it's worked. Morning teas and the like are o.k because by the time the drinks have gone through my system I'm home and safe.

That puddle is the result of 3 or 4 wettings. I tanked up well the previous evening. I really do like wetting my bed.

*008*2017-03-11 10:10

The waterproofing is pond liner, top and bottom. The bed is super king size, and as far as I've been able to find, they don't make waterproof sheets that big. Besides, waterproof sheets have absorbent covering, and I want to lie in a puddle and splash it all over myself. Pond liner is quiet and 100% waterproof. Being heavy-gauge material, it stays put, though the top bedding does tend to slide off. The pee stays warm, though not as hot as when it's fresh, but the edges of the wet patch get cold. Essentially, I sleep in a wetsuit.

.I'm pretty sure it's not a complete emptying, because the need to wet again comes on remarkably quickly when I'm having a morning session like this one. I stay in the bed. I don't get up to drink, though it would be interesting if I did.

I wet deliberately, for pleasure. I always have, for as long as I can remember. It wouldn't have been sexual for several years of course. It just felt good.

I got on top of my incontinence early, before it became a social issue. So far so good. I don't expect it to stay that way. I just hope the warning comes when I'm private, as it did when incontinence first set in. I do not want other people to know, but occasionally a woman who likes me will drop a hint about her own wetting, and I'll respond in kind. Those hints never came to anything, because both parties were with other people at the time. As for this forum, we're all sopping wet, and I've been pleasantly surprised at the number of bedwetters posting.

I can't stop once it starts, whether I'm on the toilet or in my bed. If I try, the signal to go just starts up again. Running water is a sure trigger, especially a shower. I've never worn diapers, though I expect to in due course. So far, fluid intake has been the key.

I'll see about some more photos from time to time. Jaylah, you're missing a treat.

*013*2017-03-11 23:31

What happened to the waterbed, Brandie? Did you ever have trouble with piss overflowing the mattress and going down between the mattress and the frame?

I had another nice soak last night, but tonight I'll have to behave. I have to front up to people tomorrow and I've got to smell nice.

*018*2017-03-12 02:41

Thanks Brandie. I've often wondered how good a waterbed was for this. I thought it ought to be good as I knew a young woman once who wet her bed regularly and she had one.

