Competition

Author: Babedut123

*000*2018-07-15 21:41

My bff Megan and I, Have for some time been debating which one of us, could pee the most.

Therefore we've had a competition today. The goal was to see who could fill up a gallon sized bottle with urine first.

As for a punishment the loser would be forced to wear the same pair of pants for the entire weekend starting next Friday, and not take the pants off no matter what, until next Monday.

The race was pretty close, both of us drank like we've never drinked before. After hours of weeing, when we were near the end we both sat on the bottle and tried to pee even though our bladders was pretty much empty. Unfortunately she manged to pee one last time and win. Bitch.

But I look forward to get a new story for the next week.

*002*2018-07-17 01:12

{{1 hour ago, JetStreamPhoto said:

In this competition, did you have to pee in each others presence each and every time? Or, where there times that you and Megan were apart from each other?

The competition sounds fantastic regardless, but doing all the peeing together, same time, would make this even hotter than it is already.

}}

We where together mostly in the kitchen and living room. But the bottles couldn't leave their position so we couldn't take them to a tap and thereby cheat. I'll say 50% where in each other's presence (some even right next to each other) which made us giggle a lot.

*004*2018-07-17 07:08

I have done other competitions, if you look at my profile.

*005*2018-07-23 08:40

{{On 7/17/2018 at 5:47 AM, JetStreamPhoto said:

Even more fantastic that you filled in this detail - thank you!

What fun it would be to have any friends in this fetish to do similar. This particular challenge/competition really catches my attention as a fun way to spend a day. While it certainly would not be the same with an email/online competition, I would definitely be interested to set something up if you ever wanted to try it.

Thank you for sharing.

}}

Really Want to see if you can beat us @JetStreamPhoto

So here's our times.

Megan. 4 hours 42 minutes and 8 seconds

Me 4 hours 51 minutes and 38 seconds

