Wet the bed on purpose

Author: Daredare205

*000*2021-01-13 00:55

3 days back, I joined the omorashi.org Discord server. I've spent most of my time in the #chat-omorashi channel where everyone talks about active holds. I had decided that I was going to do an intentional bed wetting. I did my usual hold before a wetting. I set 30 minute timers on my phone, and each time one goes off, I drink 2 cups of water. I can usually do more than 2.5 hours at this rate.

To describe myself, I'm male, and I'm 23 years old. I have neat brown hair that's parted on my left and is swept across my bangs. I have blue eyes and wear glasses with black plastic frames with blue highlights on the edges of the frames. This day, I was wearing a black CRAM T-Shirt that sat a little low and showed a wee bit of chest hair, the sleeves fit my arms tight and almost reached my elbows. I was also wearing black cargo pants that fit kind of tight but did not bite into my waist. I was also wearing black Hanes socks.

Yesterday, I decided at about 2 in the afternoon that I wanted to do a hold since I had just gotten home from work and had the next day off. I went upstairs to my bedroom (where my PC is), hopped on the omorashi.org Discord server and told everyone I was gonna start a hold and that I had an end goal of wetting the bed. Here's the twist, it's not my bed. I decided that, since my aunt had moved out and left her old bed here, I'd just wet it. It's the next day now and it's still damp after the covers have been pulled back for over 24 hours. I really wet it bad lol

I started drinking at about 2:30 in the afternoon. Every 30 minutes, I had another 2 cups of water. Fast forward an hour and I can barely feel the first bits of the need to go. Another half hour and I kind of feel it even when I'm focused on gaming. Another half hour and the combo of drinking and holding is starting to make me feel it. I felt like I could definitely use a good pee, but wasn't desperate. I posted this as an update in the Discord server, leaving everyone to question how I wasn't desperate yet.

Fast forward an hour and I'm definitely feeling it. At this point, I've had 12 cups of water and decided that I was done drinking for this hold. I was shifting around in my seat without really noticing. I had a noticeable bulge and was feeling the pressure in my abdomen. I was to the point where I kind of felt like leaning forward but it really wasn't necessary yet.

Since I was bored with my hold at this point, I went ahead and asked people on Discord to give me challenges while I was holding but not completely desperate yet. I took the challenge to place my hands on the floor and lay down on them so that they press against my bladder. I definitely felt that. It took a lot to not leak. I did this for 3 minutes, trying my best to hold still. I did end up wiggling a bit, but never took my whole wait off my bladder. It was a real challenge to keep it all in. Once I stood up, the problem didn't go away. I couldn't not notice my pants biting into my waist, so I took my pants and undies off. I also just took everything else off while I was at it.

I continued my hold nude. I was at this point using the conversations on Discord to distract myself from my growing need. About 10 minutes later, I couldn't not lean forward. I really wanted to grab and hold myself, but was holding on with just gently touching myself from time to time in order to take my attention away from my bladder. I did this Discord and touching thing for probably about 10 minutes.

After said 10 minutes, I was positively bursting. My bladder was sticking out like a balloon and I was dancing in my chair. Eventually, I stood up and was forced to immediately double over. I eventually got to where I was just leaning really far forward and frantically holding/grabbing myself. I knew I had reached my limit and that it was time to move to my aunt's old bedroom. It took me over a minute to make what was usually a 15-20 second walk because I kept stopping and doubling over. I have no idea how I didn't lose it in the hallway.

Once in her bedroom, staring at the bed that was to be my victim, the same rush hit me that you get when you get into a restroom and spot the toilet. I really started dancing, struggling to grab the covers and pull them back while dancing and grabbing myself. At this point, I was standing next to the bed, bent in half, both hands grabbing myself while my right hand frantically moved the covers out of the way. I have no idea how I held on.

I went to climb in bed, and started losing it. A powerful stream hit the floor for about 2 seconds straight, before I managed to stop and climb in bed. As soon as I was in her bed, I wasn't even turned on my stomach yet and it started shooting out of me like a firehose. I finally got the covers pulled over me and rolled onto my stomach and fully let go. I was going so hard I could feel it spreading up my chest and down my legs because the bed couldn't soak it up that fast. Man that was a powerful pee. I went for at least 80 seconds and got back up to inspect the damage. I had really done a number on that bed.

Naturally, I went back to my bedroom and jerked off so hard. It was wonderful. I posted my results on Discord and took short videos of the damage to the bed.

I have attached two videos. The first is the damage to the bed with the covers off. The second is after I replaced the covers and pushed them down into the puddle a couple times.

Part 1 resized.mp4

Part 2 resized.mp4

