Car Ride

Author: Jamie

*000*2011-03-09 02:25

I had planned for this all day. I grabbed a couple of towels out of the closet along with a water bottle. I put the towels down on the seat of my truck and put the water bottle in the cup. Exicitement started in the pitt of my stomach as it always does when I do this type of thing. I started the truck, turned the radio on to the first song I found, although I wasnt really listening to it. I backed out of the driveway recognising the urges sent to me by my bladder.(I always have to pee while driving, it just gets stronger when I already have to) I pulled out and sped down the road. I drove around, occasionally drinking from my water bottle.

Pretty soon I was jiggling my legs in desperation. I kept on driving, slowly finishing off the water. Now the urge was intensifying. I began to find myself eyeing the empty water bottle with a new interest, but I would never waste this on the water bottle. Pretty quickly it gets to where jiggling my legs is not enough. I put my hand between my legs and press. This releaved the pressure slightly. I got to a red light and I put both hands between my legs and crossed them tightly.

Right as I was convinced that I can last no longer I turned around and started headding for home telling myself "I'll go at home, I can make it until then", although I doubted I could, as I was a long ways out by that time. Then I felt the slightest trickle come out. I slammed my hand into my crotch and sped up. I hit another red light. I took this oppurtunity to check the damage. There wasn't a visable wet spot there yet but I knew there would be soon. The pressure intensified, and I jammed both hands into my crotch, crossing my legs as tightly as was humanly possible. 'When will this light end' I wondered. I was making quite a scene and I could see the children in the car next to me watching me. Another trickle came out, but this time I couldnt stop it. 

A wet spot appeared in my jeans as the light turned green. I sped down the road, the wet spot slowly spreading across the leg of my jeans. I couldn't help looking down so much I almost crashed! It kept coming and coming as I drove home. Finally it stoped and I enjoyed the feel of my wet jeans for a while. I pulled into my drive way, thankfully my parents hadn't gotten home yet. I stepped out of my truck and examined my wet jeans. Then I suddenly realized that I was standing in the middle of my neighbor hood in wet pants. I looked around, spotting one neighbor outside. He was reading the mail and didn't appear to have noticed me standing there in wet jeans. I quickly grabbed the wet towels and the water bottle and ran inside. There I mastribated through my wet panties. Then I through my clothes and the towels in the washing machine and no one need ever know what I did!

