Tried to make myself fear wet

Author: THEO WANDER

*000*2021-04-01 22:17

I had been holding the better part of a day, and since I had some time to myself I wanted to try one of my favorite types of wettings. Fear wetting. I’ve had it happen once or twice naturally but those weren’t situations where I could enjoy it.

I was wearing a polka dot swim dress that’s really good for wettings since urine goes right through it.

Anyways I did my usual zip tie the legs together then I put some skin cream on the floor to make it slippery. (Don’t personally try this it by the way)

I walked back and forth across it hoping the fear of slipping would do it, didn’t do it so I cut off the zip ties and went stood in the shower and got ready to wet. I peed a lot and it all went straight down my thighs to my feet and down the drain, it was hot on my feet and my thighs felt like they were burning(sensitive skin and piss kinks don’t go along too well) right now as I’m writing this I’m about to take a shower, thighs still kinda burn and the swimdress is almost already dry.

Overall a pretty fun time but I don’t recommend this one for the danger and lack of effect.

*003*2021-04-02 22:25

I don’t really have fun with horror games plus when I’m desperate I’m too busy spending time focusing on my bladder then the game.

*008*2021-04-05 02:09

{{On 4/3/2021 at 12:06 PM, CarmenCD said:

Go to a Halloween haunted house when your bladder is really full. It worked for me.

}}

I’ll try that come next halloween but I live in a pretty small town so not very likely to be a haunted house.

{{On 4/2/2021 at 6:27 PM, Super awesome said:

How about horror movies?

}}

Same reason try it sometime. It’s hard to get invested in something if you’re trying to hold your bladder the whole time.

{{23 hours ago, Mr_Omorashi said:

You are going to seriously hurt yourself doing that lol

}}

Yes.

*010*2021-04-05 22:31

Good thinking! I’ll make sure to try that next halloween

