I wet the bed sleeping next to my GF

Author: Jonnaywets

*000*2022-05-30 11:40

I originally posted this in Omorashi General but this is more of an experience so sorry for the double post!!

Well guys this one is pretty intense for me but it actually turned out completely fine. My GF and I recently went to a friends graduation party who just graduated college and of course that involves a fair bit of alcohol consumption. So we party the night away and have a great time. I have wet my bed from time to time after a night of drinking and actually I wet the bed in front of a whole group of friends once but never actually in the same bed as someone. That was NOT my intention this was a complete involuntary accident. 

Anyways, we come home and drunkenly eat some food probably have a water bottle or 2 and then I am completely checked out so we both head off to bed. And I am sleeping like a rock having the sleep of my life and then all the sudden I slowly awaken not to the sounds of birds chirping or the smell of my girlfriend surprising me with some breakfast, no it was the familiar feeling of a cold wet bed. Immediately my head says oh you just are really sweaty but a pat of the sheets and my undies confirmed that I just soaked my bed about 2 feet away from my sleeping girlfriend.

I am guessing I was sleeping like this for a while because like I said the bed was cold and my bladder was also filled! Normally I would probably just use this to my advantage and warm my bed up with my full bladder and go back to sleep but once again 2 feet away from me is my beautiful girlfriend sleeping away, unaware of the catastrophe that unfolded on the opposite side is the bed. So I get up, still feeling a little tipsy and I make my way to the bathroom and finish my business, upon returning to the bed my Girlfriend is half awake about to get up probably also to get up and go to the bathroom and not pee the bed like a child like me. I wanted to face this issue in the morning but there was no avoiding this and I just go “(insert name here) I wet the bed” she goes “oh….. okay, it’s okay we will deal with it in the morning. “Do you want to clean up?”.

I have wet the bed on purpose before and on accident and due to my lack of additional bed sheets I just opted to return to my wet bed and sleep the rest of the night. We wake up the next morning and it was not a dream my bed is still wet and my girlfriend is still in my bed with me and she still knows I am a grown man who just had an accident in his bed. Anyways we had somewhere to be so we just left it and I received some slight ribbing throughout my day. My girlfriend also said she woke up worried that I got sick in my sleep because she heard this liquidy running water sound and then she was just like now that I think back it makes sense, “that it was just you peeing yourself”. everything was fine but one thing is for sure, now that the shock and embarrassment is gone, it is a HUGE turn on think back at it. Any questions?? Feel free to ask!

