Skype Incident

Author: yoyohalo

*000*2012-02-18 17:12

Well it all started when i was bout 15 and I just got Skype so i added all my friends and we where all talking wit our webcams but, then I really needed to go so i decided to hold it until my friends left. Sadly they decided to stay on all night well I guess you can see where this is going well to get back to the story we where all chatting. Well now I really needed to go and i have a weak bladder I guess so i just acted normal. Then the bad urge began and i tried to make excuses but then they kept saying like " hey watch this " and " wait look at this " so i couldn't leave and well i was in my boxers so I didn't want to pee myself so i put a pair of jeans on and i wasn't really that worried anymore.

Well then it started to get really bad, it started to drizzle out into my boxers and stated to get out of controll. It is now bursting out and into my jeans while my face dose this weird face and there is all my freinds there watching me while i'm wetting my pants and well lets just say after that i felt really relaxed and finally calmed down and cleaned up the mess. And I never told my friends what happened on Skype that night no matter how much they asked.

Tell me what you guys think for my first post??

*003*2012-02-19 18:08

Well I was in my bed so I was already to go to sleep but i was afraid it would leek right though my boxers so I put my jeans. And they didn't notice because my webcam was zoomed on to my face so they only saw my face. And they didn't know I was wetting because I turned my webcam off when it started to happen.

Well I hope that answers all you guys questions.

*005*2012-02-23 23:37

Lol i know this was my first post though :D

*007*2012-02-24 23:11

Well im always open to new mates and no offense taken

