Michaela's Accident on Skype

Author: notagain!

*000*2012-05-25 01:56

A couple nights ago, i challenged my friend Michaela to a holding challenge. She thought she had such an iron bladder, and she told me there was no way she would pee her pants by 9:30pm (it was 7pm when we started). The holding challenge was pretty typical. We would drink alot of water, go pee for a second and stop about every 10 minutes. Michaela was wearing a loose top, some really tight, sexy dark blue jeans with a belt, and at the end i found out she was wearing zebra striped panties. So nothing really happened in the first hour, as she was just starting to really fill up her bladder and get ready for the upcoming desperation. 

About an hour and 30 minutes in, i could tell she couldn't really sit still. I asked her how she was doing, and she would say "eh not too well" with a really distressed look in her face. This is when i knew she was starting to lose the battle. Every couple minutes, we would take a HUGE gulp of water, and she was taking less and less sized gulps, as she couldn't bear the fact of putting more water into her already struggling bladder. At around 8:30 i told her to hold up her arms, open up her legs, and see how long she could hold her pee in with just her bladder muscles. She agreed hesitantly. She opended up her legs, put her arms out, and started. 10 seconds in her legs started shaking, she started biting her lip, and started moaning to show her desperation and struggle to hold in her pee. She crossed her legs, bent over for a couple more seconds, and then instantly shot her hand into her crotch like a cannon. 35 seconds i counted, not too bad!

At 8:35 i told her to go pee for a second and comeback. "Already?" She said, in shock that it had been 5 minutes. I told her it had actually been 20 minutes, and it was time for her to go again. "Ugh, fine!" she said, and hobbled to the bathroom, holding her crotch the whole way there. The wait for her to return was agonizing, i knew the second she came out of that bathroom, her desperation level would be over the top. Michaela exited the bathroom ever so quickly, trying to find a way to walk back to the webcam without completely soaking herself. "AH! I can't hold it anymore!" she gasped. Bending over, grabbing her crotch with all her might, she managed to regain control. "I kinda wet myself a little" Michaela said, with a weird look on her face. 

"Did you now?" i said, getting slightly hard. "Yeah, look!" She unbuttoned her jeans, and pulled down her jeans a little bit, and you could clearly see the pee spot on her zebra panties. "Uh oh! Looks like you aren't gonna make it till 9:30!" i said, around 8:50pm. "I can make it, i can make it..." Michaela said, doubling over grabbing her crotch. 8:55pm shortly came around, and i told Michaela to go pee again. I knew this would be the last time she would be able to do it, and she kinda knew that as well. She looked at me with a face that screamed out "ARE YOU CRAZY!??!" but silently, walked to the bathroom crossing her legs, and grabbing her crotch the whole way there. About 30 seconds went by and Michaela came out of the bathroom ever so slowly. She would take a deep breath, take a cautious step, and repeat the process a couple times until she returned close to the webcam. "I can't hold it anymore! i'm gonna pee my pants! What time is it?!?!"

"Only a couple minutes after 9pm Michaela, you got about 30 minutes to go. Michaela's face said it all, she had almost given up at this point, she knew she couldn't make it 5 more minutes, let alone 30. "Oh damn it! AH!" she gasped. She crossed her legs, attacked her crotch with all her might, and bit her lip. I could see her perfect ass start to fill up with her warm pee. Her jeans were completely soaked from the back, and pretty soaked from the front. "Well, i still held it for a really long time!" Michaela said with a smile on her face, probably more so because her bladder was relieved then she was happy about wetting herself. 

"You did great Michaela!" i said. "Thanks!" Michaela said. She then took off her jeans and showed me her soaked zebra striped underwear. It was an amazing sight to see, and i hope to do this again with her in the next upcoming days. Hope you guys enjoyed my experience. This is my first real experience and attempt at writing stuff like this, so please let me know what you think, i think i would like to write more of these in the future. Hope you liked the experience everyone! Much love!

*004*2012-05-27 18:23

{{ 

I wish I could do that with my husband. But I'm to shy to reveal my little secret.

}}

You Could do it with one of us if you'd like! The first time doing it is always the hardest, but once you've done it once or twice you get comfy with doing it, and it becomes very fun and sexy!

