Barely Made It Home

Author: Accidentz

*000*2017-09-11 21:46

So today I attempted my first public holding/wetting. I was working a double shift last night and when I left in the morning I decided to take care of a few errands in the city. And since I had the day off I thought it would be a good time to plan a hold. Well i've always wanted to try and set up a public wetting so I can experience the great fear of wetting yourself in public, with the result of totally soaking yourself, hoping to succeed.

I got a large coffee in the morning and it made me pee like crazy. Once I had left the place I was, having peed 2 times before, the urge to pee was hitting me for the 3rd time. I decided to ignore it and leave heading home on the train. When I was walking to the train I was getting very excited and wanted to succeed in having a real accident. With my kidneys still up to speed from the coffee earlier, I chugged about 50oz of water before I took the subway back home. Sitting on the train, my bladder was slowly filling and pressure increasing. my heart was racing like crazy and I had to relax, and tried dosing off for a little bit.

When I awoken 15 something minutes later my bladder was pretty much bursting at this point. I started fidgeting around in the seat hoping no one would notice. I knew I could last a lot longer and wanted this to work so I passed my usual stop I get off to get back on the other way to kill time. When I got up it hit me, HARD. It was impossible to not stand while squirming shaking and crossing my legs. My desperation waves were pretty intense at this point. I started moaning in discomfort really low to myself, but no one really noticed. My lower belly and bladder was bulging out, as I got on the train going back the other way and got off at the stop to walk the longer way home, just to make sure i would finally grant my wish and lose full control.

The walk back to my house was a very long painful experience. I was so desperate I was walking slow while moaning constantly. If I jogged for more than 10 seconds I definitely would have started peeing. I wasn't sure if I was gonna make it at this point. My bladder started to spasm and I had to start walking while holding my dick. The first few leaks began to show on my skinny jeans as I walked the last few long blocks. Every block I thought to myself "this one is it, i'm gonna end up flooding my jeans on this one".

Every person passing by I thought "i cant pee in front of this person. I can't deal with that humiliation". I couldn't believe I was literally about to pee my pants in broad daylight! There was a point where I just wanted to stop and just let it all go right where I stood but I my goal was to wait until I was fully peeing uncontrollably. The closer I got to my house, the closer I felt I was getting to peeing myself and the bigger the wet spot on my jeans had grew. I had passed a school and had to walk on the other side of the block. I wasn't gonna pee my pants in front of a bunch of kids in broad daylight. Matter of fact I shouldn't have done this whole plan in broad daylight, but I couldn't help myself. I really want to feel that full bladder give out feeling.

The last block was the hardest because I started passing my neighbors HOPING they would not notice what was now a big noticeable wet streak on my jeans. Thankfully no one noticed. And I don't know how, but I managed to dig through my bag for my keys, unlock my door, only spurting a few leaks. I thought that was gonna be the end right there. But I ended up getting in, getting my shoes off, jumping in my shower to film it and take pictures. By the time I jumped into my shower my whole crotch was drenched and shortly after that, I opened the floodgates and gussssssshhhhhhhhhh out came the pee.

There was a lovely hissing noise coming from my jeans as I was soaking my skinny jeans from front to back, top to bottom, peeing for like 3 minutes. Still didn't fully give out involuntarily, but it was still fun. I'll say this for a fact i'm DEFINITELY doing this at night from now on, never planning this in daylight again. Maybe ill get drunk next time at night, down like 2 beers and head on the train home. See how that one goes lol. But anyways finally decided to take a pic and video, for the ones who adore the sound of pee gushing out into pants

%https://vimeo.com/233393788

Password: hissypee

*003*2017-09-12 21:58

{{11 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

You held it a lot longer than I could have! Kind of exciting, wasn't it?

}}

It was awesome. How long could you hold it desperate before you totally lose it?

*005*2017-09-15 14:44

{{2 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

It all depends on what I've been drinking and if I'm still drinking. If it's beer, once I really have to go I have just minutes before I start to leak. Coffee can be almost as bad. Sometimes I've surprised myself by holding water or juice hours, but that's only if I have nothing more to drink.

}}

Yeah beer definately makes me have to pee really fast and bad. I cant tell if im a 6/10 or a 9/10 and then it just starts coming out. Im definately gonna chug a bunch of beer next time before i head home and see if i end up losing full control

