The bus trip...

Author: love2peemyself

*000*2022-07-28 07:09

Hi! I will tell you a story that happedned to me few days ago. Sorry for my english I'm trying to do my best

I had to go to another town at about 2 hours form where I live for a job mission.

I left home at 8h30AM then I took the bus at 9h30AM. Before taking it, I passed to the bus station bathroom and I emptied what I had in my bladder.

So I took the bus and no problem, my bladder didn't alerted me nothing and I didn't think about pee.

So I arrived at destination at 12AM. I was waiting for a person coming for me in car and I just feel a need to pee. No problem perfectly holdeable. Arriving a the job, before starting my work, I just asked for bathroom to empty my bladder. 3 hours after I finishd my work. My back trip was at 6h30PM and it was 5PM, they invited me to eat and I was thirsty so I drank some fruit water while eating, but watching the time it was 5h45, so I only had 45 minutes left to take the last bus to go back a home, so they drove me directly to the bus station and I just arrived in time. Arriving I feel suddenly a need to pee but no problem for that, I will go to the bathroom in the bus so I ran to the gate and go aboard.

I install myself, the bus started to go and suddenly I start to check for the bathroom... Bad surprise... THIS STUPID AUTOBUS HAS NO BATHROOM for economical class and I have a 2 hours trip! I relaxed and thought no problem I can hold it... I took my phone and started to listen to music. 10 minutes after, my need to pee was growing and growing... I knew I will be soon in trouble...

Fortunately I was alone and nobody was near me, I had 1 hour and an half more of trip... I was pinching my little part through my jeans hoping that will help me...

$$

$$

I know my bladder, it have a good capacity of about 800ml, but when it's full, it's really hard for me to hold, the pain is strong and the risk is, when mother nature decide I totally loose control and can't stop the flow...

To avoid a disaster of this type, I just decided to risk myself for trying a little leak... So I concentrate myself on my bladder and just tried to start to pee. Sudenly, I feel my need to pee disappeared and something warm going in my boxers, I was starting to pee in my pants! Suddenly with all the force I can I blocked the flow. I just peed like two little second. A wet patch of the size of a tennis ball appeard on my jeans.

$$

That was not really visible and I thought, if my bladder follow to be bad, I can pee a bit more in my jeans. This little release of pee really helped me and I feel better, everyhing is ok.

But I could just enjoy 5 minutes of peace. Suddenly, I feel really bad. My bladder was really full, I was in trouble. And I have 1 hour and more of trip. I was getting very nervious, I started to transpirate of strees, my bladder was hurting. I decided to see the county by the window to not focus my mind in my need to pee.

Suddenly, like a big leak, I feel warm pee on my bottom, I was wetting again my pants, I let myself peeing like few seconds then stopped it. It was a good relief and it was not too visible.

About one hour of time so it will be mainly dry to not make it visible.

$$

30 minutes later, we finally back to town but there was a lot of trafic, I knew we will be back in late. I was really desperate, looking on the gps of my phone the remaining path but we were totally stucked on the traffic jam!

I started to think how idiot I am to trying to hold and why I didn't peed totally myself before! My bladder was hurting of pain, I was desperate, tears started to go out my eyes, and suddenly my bladder totally exploded.

Fuck it, I pee in my jeans! It felt soo good you can't imagine! I was tembling, transpirating, about to cry!

It was night and lights in the bus was off, I could fell the flow of pee going into my botton and near my legs, the sensation was amazingly delicious!

$$

$$

When I finished, I analyzed the situation but forunately all the pee has been absorbed by the seat. I just stayed 3 minutes there, waiting for all the pee to get absorbed then I moved to another seat.

30 minutes later, we fianlly arrived, I put my jacket around my belt to hide the desaster, and I went to the bathroom of the station.

Fortunately, the disaster was totally controlled and not so so visible, so no probleme for me-

$$

$$

Outside it was raining and it didn't dried quick, I feel I was wet but it was not so visible so I totally enjoyed it.

I was wet like 2 hours more, it was delicious and totally enjoyable.

I hope you enjoyed my story

Much love!

