The closest I have ever been to a completely non-intentional accident

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-01-14 19:11

So for many of us on here, getting our regular omorashi fix is a risky business, but we all know our limits, and we aren't stupid now are we?

Or are we?

So yesterday, the 13th Jan my housemate (F) had an exam at 14:00. I had been to the bathroom about 8:00 ish that morning, and felt a slight sensation in my bladder but decided to ignore it before we left. We went out at about ten to 12 so we could grab some lunch in our favourite caffe, I hadnt really slept well after travelling back after Christmas, so I was a zombie pretty much, and drank a large iced coffee thing with lots of sugar and stuff to try and get myself to wake up a bit.

We stayed there for over an hour and F went to the bathroom. I decided not to, seeing as the plan was for me to wait for her to have her exam then we'd go food shopping together, and I would be bored of making the shopping list and listening to music and whatever other procrastinating activities, and could relieve my bladder then.

After an hour or so of waiting in the quiet study room (I hate those things) I got a message on facebook from F saying I should just go shopping without her cos her exam was taking ages. It's an exam where you take turns talking to the professor directly, so she could talk to me easily. I had to pee quite badly now, about a 6.5 out of 10 but I knew I hadn't drank enough to mess about holding. So, annoyed though I was I asked her if she had a euro so I could get a trolley easily, as I only had 50 euro notes and you need to put a coin in the trolley as an incentive to bring it back to get the coin back. She said she did but she couldn't leave (which isn't true but never mind).

I went up the stairs to the bathrooms and tried the door but it was locked. I was actually annoyed at this, and angrily walked to the nearest bus stop. I had to go so badly and I put my headphones in to distract myself, but I was also desperately thirsty - an awful combination. I decided to go to the more expensive of the two supermarkets as it would be less of a wait, but it also meant my bus interchange was at the train station and there were bathrooms there.

I waited about 10 minutes for the bus, got it to the station, only to see my connecting bus leave (they come every 30 minutes or so) so I was getting really upset now, just things weren't going right for me!

I decided to break up my money and take advantage of the bathrooms. I was so thirsty I bought an iced tea and it must have been around 15:00. I was dying for the bathroom so I headed straight up to the toilets but again, locked. Now I was really annoyed and sat down and drank a bit of my drink. It was really cold outside so I didn't want to wait, but I was so thirsty I couldn't help but have my drink.

I was really frustrated and missing people from home after having a nice xmas break so I was getting annoyed. Eventually my bus came and I got to the supermarket, got a trolley, did the shopping reasonably quickly but paying for it all was a right pain without the normal help of F. We usually just put everything back into the trolley and pack outside on the benches (by the trolley return thing) because they only have one check out open at a time, and F is great at chucking stuff into the trolley whilst I'm still putting the rest on he conveyor or vice versa. Anyway, I was dying to pee like really struggling, but I was willing myself not to show it, and to hold on.

I took the shopping outside and packed it into bags for life type things, and my rucksack, and put the trolley back. I had an entire minute to get to the bus stop so I gave up with that thought and sat in the cold, bouncing my legs with my ridiculously heavy shopping bag and backpack, sipping my ice tea. I was getting super frustrated now as things really weren't going my way haha, and I was dying to go to the loo, but I had to wait another 20 minutes or so for the bus home.

Eventually I picked up my shopping bag and hauled it to the bus stop, it was so heavy as was my backpack, I was swapping hands every few seconds with the shopping bag but because I had dislocated my left arm over the summer I kept having to swap it back. It took me about 6 times as long to make the short walk to the bus stop, and I was out of breath by the time I got there. I had to stand with my legs a bit crossed at that point, I really was very close to 9/10, but I was still drinking because I was so thirsty.

Eventually the bus came so I managed some how to get on the bus and took up a four seater thing because I didn't want to go any further down the bus. Eventually it was my stop and I dragged my shopping bag off the bus and waited to cross the road, but no cars were stopping and it was pretty busy. I was begging over and over in my head as I was so desperate. Eventually I managed to run as much as I could with all the shopping across the main road out the front of our building when there was a gap in the cars. I broke into our rubbish gate and slammed it shut and put the bag down, bending over slightly and holding my knees before lowering my backpack to get my keys out.

I got the bag round the corner and stood super still as I could whilst unlocking the outer door. I had to go so badly, a significant 9/10. I dragged the bag now on the smooth tiles to the lift and frantically jammed the button, and got in. As it was going up I felt my bladder move to the final 'i'm giving up position' and it felt like it was beginning to open despite what I did. I was about to pee my pants right there just feet from my door, but I somehow managed to use ever ounce I had not to let go, but it stayed in that same position, I was moments away from flooding myself. I hurriedly unlocked the door, kicked the bag in, slammed the front door shut and actually ran, jumping over my shopping to the bathroom, pulling down my clothes and peeing for ages.

I managed to stay completely dry, I have no idea how, probably the only thing that went right for me yesterday!

Thanks for reading

EQ x

*004*2016-01-16 15:52

{{: 

More often than not I end up peeing in my pants just as I'm with in a few feed of the toilet when I'm that desperate.

}}

I was so so soooo close to that!

{{: 

Oh wow, I hope you enjoyed at least typing this story for us, 'cause reading it was honestely great, even 'though your desperation was unintended.

}}

Haha it was fun to type out, mainly to rant about my day being rubbish! But also I like it to know that people read and enjoy it. It was unintended and I hadn't had nearly enough fluids though!

{{:

Thanks for sharing. I really hope your day got better.

}}

Aw thanks! It did start to improve when F unpacked the shopping for me haha thanks for reading

*006*2016-01-17 15:23

{{ 

Thanks for sharing a story that clearly wasn't fun for you. As you suspected the situation was enjoyable to read for the rest of us. I for one though always had confidence in your ability to wait out as you seem to have this incredible ability to keep waiting even when you think you've reached your limit. I hope at least you could enjoy the relief of the huge pee after waiting so long.

}}

Haha thank you for having faith, it was just most unpleasant knowing I might lose it whilst running errands, I somehow did make it I could barely move after my heart was racing for ages

*008*2016-01-18 13:37

{{ 

Thanks for sharing that. It sounds like a very close call indeed!

}}

Haha no problem, it was extremely close I barely had time to close the front door

*011*2016-01-20 19:16

{{ 

Loved the post! A wait like that is an impressive feat

}}

Thank you! Hope to have more soon

{{ 

I would have purposely peed myself as soon as I cot to the bathroom

}}

Kay I so very much wanted to push it, and I can't wait to get pushing it, but currently I'm in the process of moving out so I'm having to hold off (haha) from going to far with it! Soon though :)

