Experience this summer

Author: Celia H

*000*2018-12-18 13:56

Hey everyone, I'm back with more content! This is about a pretty exciting experience I had a few months ago. Hope you all enjoy it.

###

Back toward the end of the summer I thought I'd have a little fun and so I put on my favorite, tightest pair of jeans and decided to go for a walk. I'd downed a large tea and a bottle of water before I left the house, and now I bought a bottle of mixed cranberry juice to sip as I walked. Feeling fairly confident in my ability to hold it, I planned to take a five mile loop of my town, through all the most scenic parts. I like to take long walks, especially with my bladder there to make it interesting

It started out simply enough. It was late afternoon and quite warm outside, so I drank a lot as I was walking. About half an hour in I was aware of some tension in my bladder as it gave the first twinges of an urge. I ignored it and continued on my walk, finishing my cranberry juice and putting the empty bottle in the appropriate receptacle as I went on my way.

About forty minutes in was when I really started to feel the pressure. The waistband in my jeans was digging right into my now-bulging bladder, and I was constantly aware of the pain at this point. If I wasn't holding on purpose, now was when I would definitely be on constant lookout for a bathroom. I had to resist the urge to jam a hand into my crotch. Instead I just kept walking, picking up my pace a little to hide the fact that my legs were shaking.

An hour into my walk and I could think about nothing but bathrooms, waterfalls, rain, and rivers. The fact that I was passing a nearby park with the sprinklers on didn't help. In that moment I considered rushing over to the nearest public bathrooms, but as I got closer I remembered they were closed for maintenance. Damn! I guessed this was payback for all the fantasies and scenarios I enjoy reading about.

I kept walking, well over a mile from home still, biting my lip to focus on something other than my impending need to pee. It was no use. My legs were shaking, trying to cross while I was standing, and my jeans were digging into my bladder so hard that I knew I would wet myself if I didn't find a bathroom, right now.

I considered giving up and bolting into a store right then, but there were none around that seemed to have customer bathrooms. I had to commit, even if I felt like I was about to lose control completely. Nonetheless I steeled my resolve and kept walking, taking the less populated paths to potentially spare myself some embarrassment, until I felt my first leak. I stopped dead in my tracks and clamped my hands over my crotch, panicking. But I was half a mile from my home, surely I could make it back.

At any rate, it would be exciting just to see how far I could go. I kept walking, feeling my holding muscles gradually weakening, willing myself to continue, until I leaked again. This time I couldn't stop - I removed my hands and leaned against a nearby wall, moaning softly as I finally let go. My light washed jeans became darker with a huge wet patch, the warmth soaking through my underwear and jeans and pooling around my thighs. I peed for almost a full minute before collapsing against the wall with a sigh of relief. My face went red as I realized I had just peed myself in public. It was so exciting.

I sat against the wall in seclusion for a few minutes while my pants air-dried, then walked home feeling considerably more relaxed. No one was the wiser. I couldn't stop thinking about it for the rest of the day - so exhilarating!

###

I hope you all enjoyed this experience! I have many others - I could easily be persuaded to share more

