Plane/Airport Desperation

Author: Desptowee

*000*2020-12-28 19:00

Okay, so this happened a few years ago whilst a friend and I were on holiday in the US and Canada. We were on a flight from Pittsburgh to Toronto, a short flight, but an interesting one.

Everything started as normal. We weren't at the airport for long before our flight. Around 90 minutes. We checked in and decided to get a snack and a drink before the flight. I got a large iced coffee from one of the food places at the airport and just sipped on it constantly until we were ready to go to the gate. I went and peed before going to the gate as I always do before getting on a plane and things were going okay. We got on the plane, taxied and took off with no problems.

The next thing I knew, we were descending into Toronto - I had fallen asleep for the majority of the flight. As I came round, I realised that all that coffee, plus the water I'd had as I got onto the plane had made its way to my bladder and I really needed to pee. Badly.

Of course the seat belt light was on, so I just stayed put, not worrying too much because I knew I could just pee once we'd landed.

The landing went smoothly and we were on the ground in no time. But that's when the problems hit. We had landed a bit earlier or late (can't remember which) than expected and we had to wait for space to become available before our plane could pull into the gate. Anyone who's flown knows that the seat belt stays on until the plane has stopped at the gate. So I had to wait.

And wait.

And wait.

After about 30 minutes we finally pulled into an available gate. I was so so desperate by this point and I knew I was going to have to use the plane toilets rather than make my way into the terminal.

As the seat belt light went out, every stood up as they always do. I stayed sat down because I knew it would be easier to hold that way than standing at an awkward angle. I looked behind (towards the only toilet on the plane) and saw that the people behind had already stood up and were in the aisle. There was no way I could get to the toilet now!

This made me really nervous - I was dying for a wee and I had no idea where the nearest toilets would be. I squeezed my legs together together tightly and stood up slowly as everyone started to leave the plane.

Once inside the terminal I told my friend about how badly I needed to go and that I urgently needed to find a toilet before I started to wet myself. She was really supportive and reassured me that I would be okay. I wasn't convinced. I needed to go NOW.

We walked for what felt like forever. My bladder was getting heavier and heavier and I knew I was almost at my limit. I had to stop occasionally to hold myself and make sure my muscles were still in control. At one point I stopped and my bladder decided to contract. I let a small spurt out. I was trying so hard not to cry. I was in the middle of a busy airport, on the verge of completely wetiing myself.

I stood on the spot for a moment and danced a little. My friend was nice enough to take my bag and kept trying to reasurre me that I could hold it. And that if the worst came to the worst, I had a whole suitcase full of clothes to change into.

Once I had composed myself, we set off again looking for a toilet. I couldn't believe we hadn't walked past a single one yet. As we were walking, I let another spurt out, making me stop and clamp my legs together.

My friend grabbed my attention with the words "there's a toilet just ahead." this made me leak into my underwear even more. I really thought I was about to lose it there and then.

We walked as fast as I could towards the toilets. My muscles getting weaker and weaker with each step. By the time we got to the toilets, I had my hand constantly on my crotch, too scared to take it away incase I started to pee.

Thankfully there was an open cubicle. I asked my friend to come in with me so she could close the door, I was too desperate for that. I hobbled over, and my bladder knew it was almost time. I started to leak gradually into my underwear. I whimpered as I walked into the cublic, pee dancing and I pulled my leggings and underwear down. I started peeing full force before I even got a chance to sit down.

It was such a relief. I was moments away from having a full on public accident. I sat on the toilet for a while longer before my friend and I continued to on collect our baggage.

I haven't had a large coffee before getting on a plane since.

