Leaking outside the store

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-03-01 03:51

I was out running errands with my partner today. We were gone for several hours, so I didn't have a chance to pee. Our last stop was the grocery store. I was getting more and more turned on as my bladder was reaching capacity. When we got to the back of the store, near the garden center, I began holding myself tightly, worried I would start leaking. Lately I've been peeing into my underwear just a little to avoid having to do a pee dance in public...

We started looking at the seed display indoors, and I looked around frantically as my desperation grew. My bladder was hurting so bad, and I knew I couldn't make it all the way home. I was grateful to be wearing a skirt in that moment, but there were several people around, and we were standing on white linoleum floors, so any puddle would be obvious. I discreetly pressed my hand between my legs and told my partner I'd be right back.

My heart raced as I steadily walked straight towards the doors that led outside to the garden area. The store hadn't gotten their spring stuff in yet, so it was free of people. I got my phone camera out and hurried across the concrete. I felt my panties dampen and stopped dead in my tracks to check for people. I could still see the store stores, so I took a few steps closer to an empty shelving unit and starting leaking uncontrollably. I held onto the edge of the shelf and blushed as I felt piss running down my bare legs. I kept my eyes glues to my phone recording, in hopes it would look like I'm just researching what I need from the garden center... I leaked several times before the desperation passed, and then walked back into the store, hoping no one would notice my wet legs.

Movie 6.mp4

