Leaky Day at Work

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-12-21 22:30

I found this experience lurking in a puddle in my hard drive, I seem to have forgotten to post it a while back, so this happened, just a considerable time ago. And so with that introductions…

As many of you know I had a bad flu a while back and it led me to take a bunch of days off work. I was sneezing a lot and as a result, leaking a lot. I took to wearing Goodnites around the house and in bed while I recovered. However when I when I went back to work, to face a huge backlog of emails among other things, I decided to just wear pads.

If I don’t wait to the last minute, and have a full bladder, a big sneeze usually just causes a little leak on my part; the kind of leak that is easily captured by any of the regular UI pads out there, and even just plain old regular period pads. So I slipped a couple of extra period pads into my purse and stuck one into my blue cotton panties and headed to work after a rather rough morning. I slipped on a professional looking black pencil skirt, ankle socks, flats, and a ‘nothing special’ light purple blouse, with a blazer over top. I wanted to look professional even it I still felt pretty bad. For those who are keeping track and this will be relevant later on, I had one pad in my panties, and the addition of two spares along with my regular pad I always carry around, meant that I had three in my purse. Four pads, should be enough to get a girl through the day, right?

I had needed two mugs of strong tea to get myself going in the morning and despite using a the loo before leaving my flat, I was full and a solid 7 on the desperation scale by the time I stepped off the Skytrain on the final leg of my way to work.

Walking out of the station, I turned up the road and stopped dead in my tracks. The sea of commuters coming and going broke around me like a river around a stone. I scarcely had time to cover my mouth, squeeze my legs together, and bear down when a huge set of three sneezes rocked through my sinuses. My efforts to stop a leak were in vain and several large squirts of pee flooded my pad.

My face was already red from the sneezes but stayed that way as I composed myself and headed up the street to work. Of course no one could have known that I had soaked myself while sneezing in the middle of a crowded street, though I’m sure some of the female commuters might have suspected.

I made a beeline for the loo once I arrived at work and promptly changed my pad. My panties were fortunately dry and I had an ample supply of pads. I also peed and then headed back in to greet my team and work through the daunting wall of emails that had piled up in my absence.

After about an hour of solid emails I got up and headed into the kitchen to get some more tea as I was still feeling stuffy. I chatted with co-workers and volunteers and then went back to my email hell. It was about 10:00 am.

I was concentrating on a rather tricky email around 10:30 am when without warning my sinuses let forth a torrent of sneezes. Sometimes you get that tickling in your nose when a sneeze is about to happen, or that big build up somewhere in your head. Well, this wasn’t one of those times. I just exploded without warning, spraying my computer screen and keyboard and the pad stuck inside my panties with hot droplets!

I finished the email, which took another 15 minutes, before scampering to the washroom to swap out my pad. I’m used to this, when I was younger and had more regular leaking issues I’d often go for longer durations between changes, even if my pad was wet, or even when it was very wet and threatening to leak. A teenage Rachel wasn’t one to draw attention to herself by asking to use the washroom 15 minutes after having returned from a visit. I wasn’t that my teachers all didn’t know to let me use the loo when I had to, but I didn’t want my peers to notice my overly frequent bathroom visits. So I’m used to sitting in a damp pad and staying on task.

I grabbed my purse, and headed to the washroom, stopping by the kitchen to put the kettle on, on my way.

Because it seemed like it was going to be one of those days, I slipped my panties off and snapped a picture of my second leak of the day:

$$

$$

$$

$$

As you can see, the pad did a pretty good job keeping my underwear good and dry. Except for a tiny part of the inside gusset which caught a drop or two.

The kettle was boiled by the time I got back to the kitchen and I made myself a mug of tea and headed back to my desk.

I worked for another solid hour, and well into the lunch break powering through messages like a pro. My tea mug was drained by noon.

It was my bladder that got me up, that and you know, the need for lunch. I joined my colleagues and volunteers around 12:30 and we caught up and bantered for a while. But not after visiting the loo to pee. My pad was dry and I was feeling a little jittery from the caffeine and a little stuffy from the flu.

I slipped off my panties all the same for another shot, resolved to share my leaky day with all you perverts. Here’s my pad and panties, dry… for now.

$$

$$

Mid-way through lunch, around 1:00, I was just standing up by the sink filling the kettle for yet another mug of tea, when I felt a sneeze coming on. This one had the courtesy(?) to give me some warning, and so I tightly crossed my legs, bore down with my PC muscles, and covered my face with my arm.

It was only one sneeze and one small leak that followed. My counter-measures seemed to have worked. I carried on as though nothing had happened and finished my lunch. I did visit the washroom before heading back to work though, and thought I should swap out pads, given that this one was damp. It probably could have taken several more leaks, and had I known I would not have changed, but I aired on the side of keeping my things dry and stuck a fresh pad into my panties.

$$

$$

I made a mug of herbal tea, knowing how caffeine (and green tea) work on my bladder.

I was back at my desk at 1:30. Ear buds in, fingers flying, working as hard as I could.

You know when you get in the mode and nothing can distract you? I sipped tea, blew my nose when it ran, covered my face when I sneezed, and pressed on. Over the course of the next hour I must have sneezed three or four times, each of which was accompanied by a tiny leak. I tried to power through, not wanting to keep having to pop up and use the loo.

By about 2:30 I took a mental break and played some Candy Crush on my phone. I was tired and feeling a little stuffy. I also felt wet. I could feel the wetness of the pad against my body and I knew that I would need to change it very soon, or risk getting my panties and skirt wet, if they were not wet already. I was also in need of the loo, given the rigorous course of tea I was following. I got up, grabbed my purse and headed to the washroom.

I pulled down my panties, slipped them off and took another few shorts for you all.

Looking at the pictures, I can’t really tell that the pad was wet, maybe my leaks were smaller than I thought.

$$

$$

I pulled out my last pad (the backup pad I try to always carry) and affixed it to my panties.

I wasn’t too worried. It was about 2:45, and I reckoned this pad could last me the rest of the day if I took more regular bathroom breaks. Was I worried? I was too busy with work to worry too much and dove back into my many tasks.

The tea was really working its way through my system, and I definitely had drunk too much over the course of the day, because at 3:15, when I had scarcely at down at my desk, I felt like I was about a 7 on the scale. I hadn’t really noticed the other stages, such was my work frenzy. The nagging worry about the pad situation propelled me to get up and head to the washroom promptly. Empty handed, I wandered down the hall where I greeted a couple co-workers and volunteers, chatting briefly with one, before I ducked into the washroom.

Just as I entered my body started giving me signals that it was ready to sneeze. Now? I was so close to the toilet! But no, my sinuses were not going to let me get my underwear down, and so I froze just inside the doorway of the washroom, and because I was alone in there, squeezed my legs together and shoved my hand between my legs. It didn’t help much and this small sneezing fit was accompanied with a series of significant leaks.

I hurried into a stall and had my skirt hiked up and panties down lightening fast. I changed out the pad while I peed furiously into the toilet. I didn’t bring my purse or phone with my on this trip so I wasn’t able to snap any pictures. Not that it mattered, my purse was devoid of pads.

I also had to dry myself, wash my hands, and walk back to my desk where I rummaged around my purse frantically for change for the pad machine in the washroom. I found a lone loonie (I mean who uses cash anymore, right?), and went back to the washroom to buy one of the generic periods pads from the machine. I blushed a little walking back, in case any of the other people in the office were keeping track of my bathroom visits. Of course they weren’t, but I couldn’t stop myself from thinking this.

I stuck the generic pad into my panties, and went back to my desk.

My bladder was full within 30 minutes and I hopped up again and hurried off to the washroom. This time, despite my best efforts, I ended up standing and talking to one of our volunteers for a good 10 minutes. It was getting close to 4:00pm at this point. I could not end the conversation any quicker and so I bore down, crossed my legs, and worked through the issue with the volunteer.

A minute into the conversation I sneezed once. Countermeasures held and there was only a small leak. We continued on until maybe 8 minutes into the conversation, where a couple of sneezes cropped up. Because I was face to face with another human, my priority was covering my mouth and turning away, and I dropped my counter measures. Or rather, I just didn’t concentrate as hard as I have to in order to forestall a serious leak. I flooded the generic machine pad with a powerful squirt of pee, and felt it wet against my nether lips.

I’ve used these pads before (when in a similar pinch) and while they might absorb a decent amount, they don’t do it quickly, and sometimes pee will just flood out the sides before the material can absorb the liquid.

I had no way of knowing how bad the leak was, but I didn’t feel anything on my inner thighs or hear a dripping, so I suppose that was good. I wrapped up the conversation as quickly as I could and scampered to the washroom to inspect the damage and for a much needed pee.

As you can see, the pad did an ok job of protecting against my leak:

$$

$$

$$

I now had a dilemma. While I had my purse and phone with my, I did not have another loonie. I also desperately needed another pad. This was not one of those ‘it will be ok scenarios.’ It was 4pm, I had at least an hour to go at work, and I had leaked numerous times during the day. A wad of toilet paper was not going to cut it either.

I worked through my options and balanced asking a colleague for a dollar, or asking one for a pad. Both were not really my style. I was definitely too embarrassed to ask one of my many female office mates to borrow a pad. I could try to raid the petty cash in the kitchen?

I headed over into the kitchen and looked for the petty cash box. Unfortunately on the way there I got sidetracked by a volunteer who had an issue and I needed to hurry over to his work station to deal with it right away.

It was a challenging issue and I ended up standing there helping him solve it for more than 30 minutes. Mid-way through the conversation I excused myself and turned to politely sneeze into my elbow, and I felt the associated leak down below. I was almost comforted by the fact that I was wearing a pad for a moment, before I realized that I was not in fact wearing protection, and they my panties were most definitely wet.

I pressed on with the conversation, acutely aware of my wet underwear.

By the time we had wrapped up it was about 4:40 pm and I made a beeline for the petty cash. I extracted some change and headed back to the washroom.

To my consternation, when I inserted the coin in the machine and turned the little lever I got nothing. Either the machine ate my money or was out of pads, either way, I was out of luck. I thought I could try the washroom on another floor, so I went back to the petty cash and grabbed some more change, and then scurried out of the loo and headed to the washroom downstairs.

I couldn’t remember is this washroom had a pad/tampon machine and a quick scan revealed that it did. I worked the machine and got a random pad in a little box. Clutching this in my hand I hopped into a stall, pulled down my wet panties, and inspected them while making an effort to empty my bladder.

I took a couple of artful images of my wet panties in the stall.

$$

$$

$$

It looks as though someone before me didn’t quite make it. These leaks are not mine, but someone either hovered and shook off and dribbled on the floor, or didn’t quite reach the loo in time…

$$

My initial photo shoot with my blue panties had taken a little longer than I has anticipated, and I needed to get back to my desk to wrap up a couple of emails before heading home for the day. So I rummaged through my purse and found the little baggie with my backup panties in it. I quickly slipped on the magenta panties I found there and stuffed my blue panties into the baggie unceremoniously.

I then unboxed the pad, stuck it into my panties, pulled them up and scampered back upstairs to my desk.

The lesson here was always have spare panties on hand if you are prone to leaks.

Anyhow, I hurried through the last emails of the day and left work only about 15 minutes late. I was still feeling stuffy but I was also feeling a little naughty and I decided not to visit the washroom before braving public transit. I decided I was going to just let any accident that happened during my trip home happen, and that I’d have some fund when I got home.

I did have a couple additional sneezes while on the SkyTrain and walking the last leg of my commute, all of which resulted in additional leaks. Because there were people around, on these occasions I was carefully to take all the appropriate countermeasures (bearing down, leg crossing), and the leaks were small.

In the elevator up to my flat, I sensed a sneeze coming and this time I did nothing and just relaxed. The resulting squirt of hot pee flooded my pad and suffused my girl parts in warm wetness. I was, fortunately, alone on the elevator.

I felt warm wetness rubbing against my intimate parts as I walked to my flat.

I had the place to myself for another hour, as my hubby was also getting home late this day. So stripped down to my panties at the front door and I wandered into the washroom. I extracted my blue panties from their baggie, and snapped a couple more pictures.

$$

There’s something very sensual about walking about naked but for a pair of panties and a soaked pad. It’s like walking around the house in nothing but a wet Goodnite.

$$

Squatting down to take these pictures was exquisite, as I could feel the wet pad I was wearing rubbing against my nether lips.

$$

I relished the warm squish of the wet pad as I snapped these.

$$

I then slipped off the magenta emergency panties and took one last picture of them.

$$

I would have taken more but I was tingling between my legs and as I was already naked, I jumped into the shower and brought myself to a delightfully wet orgasm while I made sure I was clean ‘down there’ after all of those leaks!

Then I changed into a Goodnite and comfortable pyjamas and went about fixing myself some soup.

Happy holidays everyone!

Rachel

$$

*002*2019-12-22 01:02

{{20 minutes ago, Flyboy said:

Wow thanks for sharing all that! It's a good thing you're into this kink, otherwise I'm sure that experience would have been rather harrowing for anybody.

Looking back on it, would you have preferred to wear a Goodnite to work? Would a single Goodnite have gotten you through the whole day?

I've worn diapers to work before (purely for fun), and when it came time to change I had to discretely get one from my bookbag and find a quiet bathroom to change in. I would typically count on being able to throw the used diaper into the trash with enough force to get it buried under the other items in there so nobody would see it.

}}

Definitely! If i'd known it was going to be that bad, I would have worn a Goodnite (and brought a change for lunchtime). I've done this other times when I was having similar issues. It's much less worry about leaks, and bringing enough pads! I don't worry about tossing the Goodnites at work, the trash has a lid and no one is going to go through it

