Desperate girl on a city tour - a real sighting

Author: Tibarary

*000*2019-04-27 16:03

At last I had a new sighting last weekend after a long time without any luck (and it was one of my best).

We were on a visit in a town in north Bavaria (Franken). After walking through the town a good time, we came to a crowded bridge (for pedestrians only) and stopped there to enjoy the sun and eating ice-cream. Beside us were a few people and a family standing and listening to a guided tour through the city (the tour guide explained something on the bridge).

I saw a girl (I think she was with her brother and parents) and was thinking how nice this young girl was build, good visible in a tight light blue jeans and a white t-shirt.

A few hidden looks at her could do no harm I thought and enjoyed my ice-cream (anyway I had to be careful because I was with my girlfriend there).

First she was standing still with her feet 20 cm apart, giving me a nice look on her round ass. But then, something happened what immediately alerted my desperation sensors. She put her feet together, seesawed with her legs a few times and bended her knees slightly. A very unnatural position to stand.

After this, she crossed her legs the one way, than the other. Not a moment later she lifted her one foot from the ground until her lower leg was in a 90 degree to her thigh. (I observed such a movement many times by desperate girls). Now I had no doubts anymore, this girl had to pee.

The tour guide explained more and her attention was clearly not at his words. She checked her mobile and was standing now crossed legs the whole time. But not the causal way like some girls standing with crossed legs. Her legs were tightly crossed, her whole body was slightly bend forward so her thighs were pressed together.

After this, she lifted her foot again, but this time to the front and grabbed her ankle with her other hand, standing an one leg.

I nearly forgot to lick my ice-cream from pure tension and the melted cream was dropping over my fingers. The whole time I had to keep on with conversation with my girlfriend, trying to find excuses why this point is so interesting to stand there so long...

Suddenly the girl changed her position and leaned on the side-wall from the bridge (there were other people leaning/sitting too).

The best thing was coming now. She was holding both hand in front of her crotch, the one hand crossed over the other. Luck was on my side (and this is very rare with my sightings of desperate girls, as a rule I can say, the desperate girl is always the one who is blocked by people, vegetation, buildings, cars, benches and so on...) But on this one day in April I had a best seat view. As I was standing sideways to her, I saw how she pressed exactly two fingers (forefinger and middle finger with red painted finger nails) right in her crotch, covered from the front by her left hand.

Her facial expression couldn't hide the pressure she must have felt in her bladder.

She grabbed herself only a few seconds, took her hand away immediately after someone was watching to her (who could be maybe her father I guess).

She kept leaning against the wall but obviously couldn't resist to grab herself again, but this time she took both hands on her inner thighs, high enough to give her crotch a short squeeze with her thumbs, paused a moment in that position and then bending forward with her body, her hand stayed on the inside of her legs until she reached her knees. Again she paused in that position a moment (her ass was leaning at the wall the whole time) after she got up again and again streaked with her fingers over her crotch for a moment after she took them away.

Again she checked her mobile (maybe to look how late it was).

Unfortunately the guide was finished with his explanations on that point and they left the bridge. I looked after her and saw how she tried to cross her legs while walking.

It cost me much will power not to follow, if her tour was not at its end, I surely missed some good sights (maybe the best I ever witnessed), but I have a very good long time relation with a girl I love (but who knows nothing about this shade of grey from me) and I wouldn't do anything to bring this in danger. But maybe her tour was over after the bridge and she found a public toilet (there are a lot in this town).

It is so rare to see a good looking young girl (who is clearly not a child anymore) in such a predicament. Her moves were so discrete, her proud to hide her desperation so strong.

A girl on a city tour, together with other people/family and she felt how her need becomes stronger and stronger and she is too shy or proud to tell something about her need. Maybe they had lunch before the tour was starting and she drank too much (it was a very warm and sunny day).

This is a story of my dreams.

Sadly thing is, it has no end, only in my imagination.

Sorry for the long text, and I hope my attempts to explain her movements very detailed worked, otherwise I had to make drawings. But as I said, such real thing are so rare, they have to be documented for the small group of desperation fans like me.

*003*2019-04-28 19:30

{{On 4/27/2019 at 9:08 PM, Despguy123 said:

Sounds like a great sighting.

}}

Oh yes, it was. I mean reading stories or watching YouTube vids is one thing, but discovering such a thing with your own eyes in public is simply a great experience!

{{On 4/27/2019 at 9:18 PM, Kauen-Stadt said:

Are you from Franconia or are you just visiting? Just asking because I'm a huge German provinces enthusiast.

}}

I'm not from Franconia, it was only a visit, but I'm from Germany.

*007*2019-05-03 15:42

{{On 4/29/2019 at 9:48 PM, Dwayne said:

Awesome experience and the way how detailed you told it made it even more awesome!

}}

Thanks! it is important for me to describe the sighting as detailed as possible as long as it is fresh in my mind, because a lot of details get lost after a time.

