Sandbox Wetting

Author: diokno44x

*000*2019-03-30 08:00

Been awhile eh? This little memory came flooding back to me (pun not attended), when I was walking from the store a few days ago, and the route I took this time happened to take me pass a local park+playground next to my neighborhood. Even though the sky was overcast, quite a few families were here.

Anyway, as I glanced at the sandbox I used to play in, on my way home, my mind flashed back to a wetting incident back during preschool. This was in the spring, and the day was fairly warm, as it usually is in Cali. Anyway, due to the weather, and due to a fair few of my long legged pants were in the wash (twice due to, ah, incidents involving me and underwear), I was garbed in shorts, My current attire at this time was a loose lime green T-shirt, a pair of charcoal grey cargo shorts, and some green and white sneakers. Now, this was one of my diaper/Pull-Upless days, for two reasons. 1. It was Potty Test Day, and 2. I had used my last one, and gotten changed out of it, shortly after arriving in the YMCA lobby bathroom.

Anyway, I was playing in the sandbox in the outdoor area of the YMCA. It wasn't as. well, furnished as the playground I would use in, say, that park I was talking about up top, or the playground I would use every recess in kindergarten and first grade at Saint John Vianney, but five year old me didn't mind, it was simple, but fun. Anyway, as I was building whatever came to mind with the sand, I felt a familiar twinge in my bladder, but tried to put it off. Eventually, as time wore on, my need to pee slowly, but surely increased, but I tried to keep from squirming too much. 

Now, you may wonder why I didn't run off and use the bathroom, well, a few reasons. 1. Like most kids, I was too busy playing. 2. The nearest bathroom was relatively far away, and as I was close to bursting, I didn't think I'd make it. and 3. I was uncomfortable with public bathrooms, as I've said before, at least without my mother being there with me. Plus, someone had gone in only a moment earlier, and I wasn't comfortable with using the bathroom if I knew someone that wasn't a family member was in the vicinity of me.

Eventually, the pressure grew too much. Quickly making sure no one, classmate or caretaker could see me, I spread my legs a bit, as I would often do when wetting my diaper and if I was sitting. Slowly, a warm trickle of pee began forming, and began to dampen the sand beneath me. I had to turn my full sit into a bit of a squat, so I didn't get wet sand on my shorts. My pee trickled out, until it came to an end. A decently sized, about te size of my fist now, wet patch was on my shorts. Thankfully, it wasn't too noticeable from the color of my shorts. That done, I moved to a different part of the sandbox to play in

*003*2019-03-30 16:05

{{2 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

The sandbox near my childhood home was about a kilometer long. It was a beach not far from a glacial river feeding the salt-water inlet (in short – Cold!). My parents assumed I'd do wading pees. Disliking cold twice in an outing, behind a log usually served. If I'd gotten dry, pulled swimming trunks aside.

More often i peed into grass, even in my back yard. Stopping what I was doing to pee – rarely.

}}

Yeah, most of my outdoor peeing happened on grass, behinnd a tree, etc. Despite living in Cali, my family rarely went to the beach

