Not quite swinging...

Author: raspro

*000*2018-11-11 12:46

We went out to a dinner party with some friends and it got a bit wild towards the end.

We left Frankie and Bennies at about 23h30 in Staines, and went to Sarah and James house in Egham.

After many many drinks and board games, we decided to play poker with a truth and dare theme to it. We also used play money to place bets.

On one of the rounds, Sarah folded and had to enter a dare. Now Sarah is about 33, long blonde hair and green eyes with 32C breasts and a gorgeous body to go with them.

Her hubby James, thought he would add a bit of kink to the dare and have Sarah take off her mini skirt and wear one made out of cling film.

Sounds tame and sexy.

Well Sarah thought she'd better keep her panty on, which was a pink thong type with a butterfly front covering her modesty.

James wrapped the cling film around her waist and then made a turn through her legs and up. It kinda looked like a mix between a see thru hot pants vs plastic nappy.

Sarah did look quite cute with just a strappy top and pink Knicks covered by cling film.

Anyway she sat like that for about 45min. My girl, Amber ended up in something similar but she had a bikini style panty on.

Now... James and Amber fancy each other and I fancy Sarah. But we never actually acted on this... Until that night.

Sarah had dared me on one round to suck her tongue. Amber laughed and said it would be OK if, she could do the same to Jay?

So we all nodded in agreement and said what happens in the room, stays blah blah blah.

So Sarah kissed me and Amber kissed Jay. OK all done. Not quite... The dares got more and more daring.

Sarah got curious if my goatee tickled during licking out... Amber's face was priceless. But what I didn't count on was Amber saying try it?

About 30min later, Jay was passed out and Amber had thrown up and passed out on top of him. The photo was so precious.

Sarah and I were sitting on the sofa opposite Amber and Jay, when she said it's time to take off these cling film pants because they're hot and she's a bit wet and she says... I have to pee, I'm bursting to go.

I smiled at her and asked... Do you still want to be goatee tickled?

She laughed and gave me such a naughty smile. She said oh yes, but now do I lick her over the cling film or after she's gone toilet with no cling film?

I jumped at the idea, minus her going toilet from the scenario.

I moved onto my knees on the floor and spread her legs while she sat on the sofa. I started with gently rubbing my goatee along her thighs. She lay back and quietly moaned. I nestled right in her pussy and even licked it over the cling film.

I could feel her heat through the cling film.

She said I need to pee, but I don't want you to stop. More moans between the heavy breathing. Anyway there was no way I was going to stop now.

I continued to brush my goatee from side to side and tickle her. I also continued to lick her and Sarah had even pulled my head in deeper while she caressed my hair.

I wasn't sure if pee was her thing, but at one point she lost control and squirted. He pussy got really hot and I heard the hiss. I leaned back and saw this beautiful butterfly glisten for a second then fade dark and matt. I looked up at Sarah, whom was so embarrassed and I thought was going to get up and run away crying, but she just sat there almost frozen.

I went straight back in with my tongue and some of her pee has leaked through the layers of the cling film. Because she had drunk so much, it was crystal clear and tasted almost like wine.

I was in the process off pulling her cling film pants down from her bum and Sarah had arched her back to allow my hands in behind her. This pushed her waist up and her pussy harder into my mouth.

It was here when I decided not to pull the cling film down but instead grab her breasts and play while all this time my tongue licking.

I ran my hands down her flat tummy and tickled her bellybutton. I noticed her swollen bladder and with a naughty grin, pressed down softly. Sarah's moan changed and her "hot pussy" flooded out through the film. She just kept peeing and peeing until her tummy was flat, her bum sat in a huge puddle and the floor below, a lake.

I couldn't take much more, I reached behind her bum and pulled her cling film nappy off with her thong. I spread her legs and liked her one more time while undoing my jeans at the same time.

When my feller was free and he was covered in precum... I went in. Her pussy was like liquid heaven. I didn't last very long before I blew my load. Afterwards Sarah had go and shower incase Amber and Jay woke up. She gave my 5 towels to cover the sofa and wipe the floor.

Funny thing thing was I had just finished drying the floor, when I heard this splatter. I looked over at Amber sprawled out on Jay and she was wetting herself while passed out.

I had to touch her and taste. She too seemed to enjoy my touch moaned. Completely oblivious of her situation, she clung to Jay, probably thinking it was me.

I took some pictures of her on my phone. I left her in her pissy mess and went to sleep on the sofa. Sarah came from her shower with a dressing gown and snuggled next me.

Our secret safe.

