The Curse Of A Big Familly, But One Bathroom

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-07-09 15:34

Well, last night, it was really quite hot so i had been drinking a lot of water during the day. The problem is, most people in my apartment take their showers at about the same time. They normally do ask if i need to go to the bathroom before they shower due to my bladder weakness. Last night, however, nobody really bothered asking. If they would have just taken short showers it would have been fine, but everybody seemes to take at least a half hour to an hour in there.

As I was playing video games; which can cause me a great deal of distraction (Even when it comes to having to go to the bathroom) I hadn't noticed everybody was done with their showers. by then i was already at my limit, an could feel horrible contraction from my bladder. In fact, they had all left for the evening, so I was alone, but they had shut the bathroom door, and it's normally left open. When a very sever contraction hit me, I tried to get myself to the bathroom, only managing to make it half way into the hallway.

It happened so suddenly that i was kind of just standing thee in complete shock as I wet myself all over the hallway carpet. But, I have to admit... It did feel so very nice to relieve myself in my shorts like that.

*002*2010-07-10 02:14

You could not believe how wonderful it felt to feel it all over my panties and my shorts. Of course I cleened it up before mom came back home from her date. My brothers were out at work, and their girlfriends with them. I supose a lot of poeple would have liked the situation better if I had actually done in front of everybody in my house. Althought I did confess to having done so to mom. She was a little worried, but \i told her it probibly wont happen again.

*004*2010-07-10 21:30

{{ 

Hehehe... Very nice story x3 You are so lucky to have a weak bladder in this case, though I imagine it causes many problems as well, oh well, curses and blessings are normally close together =P

}}

The longest I can hold before I start getting despirate. It plays in my favor since I love the feel of it. The only time it's a problem is when I actually think I might wet my bed at night. otherwise, It's more of a thrill to see if I'll wet myself or not. But I won't let myself get despirate in public places. That... would be too much of an embarasement.

*006*2010-07-12 02:20

I will try to make video's of me wetting myself, but... I kind of want to do it when I'm alone in the house... i don't get that too often though.

*009*2010-07-16 16:18

{{ 

I would love that to have to go so bad only make it half way and just go. awesome story!

}}

Well, it's embarasing, but. oh so good.

