Embarrassing accident

Author: Dthompson

*000*2019-01-05 08:24

Since this is my first post i figure i should introduce myself. I’m a male in my mid 20’s living in the US on the east coast. I’m ABDL but also prone to an accident here or there.

Ok so story time. I went to brunch last weekend and wasn’t wearing a diaper since I work with a bunch of the staff and knew there was a risk of someone grabbing my ass. I didn’t intentionally not go to the bathroom, however I decided to walk home since it was only a mile. When I started my walk I realized just how bad I had to pee. I figured, no biggy, I am a big boy and can hold it. Well. I made a few stops on the way home, not to test myself but because I genuinely needed things from those stores. Well I’m finally arriving at my house and about to burst but I think “again no biggy, I can put on a diaper in a few mins and go” well my bladder had another thought. I started to wet myself in large spurts (also I’m on the phone with my father so I need to maintain normalcy to him).

I run upstairs still peeing, strip off my wet jeans, strip off my wet tighty whities, (still peeing, still talking to my father) grab a diaper and get it over me, not even taped, before I lose it completely. So ok no big deal no one saw, my roommate wasn’t home, nothing. I think, “I’ll go smoke a cigar out back. I figure since it’s fenced and my pants are already wet I’ll just wear those so they smell like smoke and I only have to was one pair of jeans”. Put on my wet jeans, walk outside and light my cigar. 

There’s construction workers on ladders working on my neighbors house (real story not fake) they look at me in a weird way but I didn’t know what they were looking at (I had forgotten my pants were wet) said hello, and then proceeded to talk to each other in Spanish which I don’t understand. Well about 20 mins later I happen to look down, see that my pants are wet and have been on display to about 5 guys this whole time, get red in the face and go inside and left my cigar and coffee outside thankfully the wet spot wasn’t so big but it was definitely noticeable.

$$

