Accidental Wetting at Work (Glad it was just a small one)

Author: Anubis

*000*2018-05-27 00:01

The good news is that it wasn’t a major accident that happened last night. It was a fairly small one, but it still caught me by surprise. Perhaps you guys might enjoy it, whether you find it erotic or simply amusing.

To start with, I was expecting a long night, which is what it turned out to be, of waxing floors in one of the clients’ stores. I didn’t sleep too well beforehand and felt a little tired, so sipping on drinks with caffeine was my solution to that.

Things did go good for a while, but when I was running the scrubber machine, about halfway through, the liquid I was drinking was starting to fill up my bladder and the caffeine in it wasn’t helping the situation (or was it?). I was going slow with it, to get the floor as clean as I possibly could, because I didn’t want to be lazy and miss anything before waxing. I wasn’t desperate right then, so I chose not to stop because there was a lot to do.

When I was getting close to done, at the very last perimeter aisle, the urge was a lot stronger. I was trying not to hurry, but I did pick up my speed a little. Was it the best idea? Maybe not, but I think the end result when I left the store was as good as I could have expected.

I was pushing the machine and sort of gasping a little from the bladder spasms and the irritating effect of the caffeine in my drinks. The desperation was probably at an 8/10, so I wasn’t at risk of having an accident right then.

When I finally got done, that is when things escalated. I took the machine to my usual dumping area, uncapped the drainage hose, and thought, “Alright, I’m going to do this!”

This turned out to be a huge chore, due to needing to pee as much as I did. It bumped my desperation up to a 9 and the sound of the dirty water coming out had me pee dancing on the spot. Luckily, I was able to finish this without an accident.

When the last of it finally came out, I stuck the cap back on the hose and took the machine back to its usual spot, before making a mad dash for the bathroom.

When I got in, I slammed the door shut behind me and did another pee dance while undoing my belt. I got my pants unzipped, released the button, and uncovered myself (or at least I thought I did). What happened next was a little ridiculous…

As I let go in front of the toilet, I closed my eyes expecting the relief I was waiting for, but in just the first 2 - 3 seconds, I felt a warm sensation spreading around my guy parts and heard pee splattering on the floor. I cut it off immediately and said, “What the hell?”

I looked down and realized that I missed something. The very edge of my work shirt was partially covering the opening to my urethra because I somehow had failed to get it out of the way. I wasn’t paying attention to what I was doing apparently, because I ended up with a small wet spot that was slightly bigger than a quarter, on the edge of the shirt and there was a little that had dribbled down into my boxers. The good news is that it wasn’t a major wetting. My jeans were still dry (luckily).

I quickly got the shirt out of the way and continued what I was doing because I still had to go! In the aftermath of this, I had to use water from the sink to dilute the pee in the shirt and had to grab a mop to clean the mess, but I managed to avoid a major disaster. I finished the job without any more wetting mishaps and cleaned up the bathrooms like normal towards the end. That’s the story and I hope someone enjoys it.

