Winter wetting without steam

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-02-09 16:25

My boyfriend S came to my place this weekend and we were walking home from the train stop on snowy streets in the deadly cold evening. I stuck my freezing hand to defrost inside his warm mitten. He said “Too bad I didn´t bring my camera this time". He had some idea that a photo of a wetting where the steam is visible in a sunny backlight would be real cool. We decided to try it anyway with just a phone camera, maybe on Sunday before he left. Just to see if there was any steam. How would it look like? I had never wet in so cold weather, and we were both curious about it.

When we woke up it was cloudy, so we decided to wait til after lunch with this mission. I held for a bit, and drank the last glass of water while we were eating and watching some artsy short films. Not too desperate (my partner has yet to see me lose control, but I know some day he will) but still with a bladder that demanded my attention I put on my long underwear and my favourite wetting pants, the light grey jeans (I wet them every time I wear them).

We left home, so far just a mainstream couple on a Sunday stroll like everybody else, just a little bit more excited about it. The cold weather did its job on my bladder, as we passed all the neighbours houses until we came closer to the forest. Walking downhill I felt that I was on the edge of leaking, but I could still manage. We took the track into the forest, and then a smaller path along the buzzing powerline. The lack of human footprints in the snow told us that only deers had used this path since the snow came a week ago, so it would take really bad luck for us to get caught in action here. We were not far from the village still, could hear the voices of a family with laughing children going sledging, but on this little hill we were alone, and the sun was shining… It was. As soon as we stopped there in the ceiling the sun went behind a cloud. We waited a little bit. Standing still made me impatient, and my bladder was pushing, so I had to move my legs a little bit while waiting.

The sun didn´t return, so we prepared to get going with it anyway. S positioned me, tried some angles with his phone, and said I could start. So I did. I closed my eyes with pleasure and released everything at once, not too fast, but in a constant stream. I didn´t look down, but I could feel how the warmth spread from my crotch and ass down my legs and reached my socks and shoes. The heat of the pee was in significant contrast to the cold air, and with the two layers I was wearing it didn´t immediately cool down. When the stream slowed I finished by giving a little push to empty the last pee into my now mostly dark grey jeans. I felt great, and so relaxed.

S who had taken loads of photos during my wetting complained a little. There had been some steam, but nothing visible in the pictures. We would have needed either more sunlight or a darker background.

To save myself from getting too cold or show my pissed pants to the whole village on the way back, I had brought with me some old shell pants that I now put on for the walk home. It worked ok, nothing soaked through, and they contained the body warmth pretty well during that km we had to walk. I still sure felt like I had broke through the ice on one of the lakes (several people have done it around here last week) and completely soaked myself from waist down. My reason to be wet was much more fun of course.

I also felt really heavy which wasn´t too strange. There had been no yellow snow underneath me, so I guess my pants and shoes had absorbed everything. We met several people on the way, but they had no idea of course.

When I walked S to the train stop after showering the sun had returned. Better luck with the steam photo some other time, I guess, at least we had fun!

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-02-10 12:57

{{14 hours ago, kinky_Mr said:

Thanks for sharing these pics and the story, light coloured jeans always make good wet patches. This looks like a really fun way to warm up your legs on a very cold day. Would love to hear about the other times you wore those jeans

}}

Thanks! Those other times have mostly been at home, in the shower, just to see the nice growing patches, so nothing too exciting. Once I wet them a little bit out on a walk, enough to be covered by the "jacket around the waist"-trick. As you can see they´re not the ones to use for discrete public wetting because even the smallest leak is obvious.

My best memory with these pants must be from the role-play when my partner came home "too early" and found me causally wetting my jeans by the computer. He didn´t buy my excuse that i had spilled water so i had some embarrassing explaining to do there.

*004*2021-02-10 13:03

{{13 hours ago, kalle2020 said:

Hot story and pics, thanks so much for sharing! Amazing how symmetrical the wetness is on the front of your jeans - I wonder if that is due to your long underwear distributing the wetness evenly before it soaks into the jeans?

Anyway, I'm impressed that you wet your pants in that freezing cold weather - and I'm curious to see if the next time S will be able to catch the steam on the photo!

}}

Thanks! Well it wasn´t that symmetrical on the other side as you can see... But i still think the inner layer makes it spread more, and the patches get "smoother".

$$

