My first intentional wetting

Author: Ethi

*000*2019-10-01 00:31

Here is my third story ever, and this time it's about me! And this goes just a little bit before my omo loving ex, and after discovering it was my kink, I had to find a way to sneakily get her into it, anyways here's my story enjoy!

So this went back to the same year I got my omo loving ex into it.

I decided to try something new, it was just something I always wanted to know.. what would it feel like if I did it on purpose? And this made me super curious, I was going to wet myself for the first time since I was like 3 on purpose too..

So I drank probably around 5 bottles of water that day and my mom asked why I was drinking so much, and I just said my throat was dry and it hurt, and.she didnt say anything after that!

So I held and about 3 hours into my hold I was a bit squirmy, back then my bladder wasn't as strong as it was now (I recently just did a 9 hour hold on the omo discord and wet heh) I'd say I could only hold about another hour or 2, and I was right..

2 and a half hours later I was gonna just explode everywhere, so I put some blue underwear on, so the patch would show up nicely as I saw on the internet and I rushed into the bathroom to shower, but also to wet.. I hopped around and squirmed for a bit before I decided to go on the toilet, it was my first time so I didnt know what to do!

I sat on the toilet and laid back and relaxed and it just started to gush right out of me, my blue boxers quickly changed to a dark midnight blue and they glistened and became very very slightly see through from all the pee, it rushed up my butt and filled my boxers with intense warmth and I sat there in completely soaked boxers freaking out over what I did.. it was amazing, i found my first kink, I was so happy nervous, so many emotions were going through my mind, and I brought them into the shower with me, washed them off and through them under all the wet clothes and nobody even knew

Thanks for reading!

- Ethan

*002*2019-10-01 01:03

{{27 minutes ago, Redder12 said:

Nice story I like your description

}}

Thanks for the friendly feedback! I had a blast writing it

*005*2019-10-01 10:37

{{7 hours ago, WetDave said:

Nice and well written. Please tell us about other times you wet - it’d be good to hear how your wetting progressed and escalated from there.

}}

Will do! I have some more stories to post aswell of exs

