Wetting our grey suit pants

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-09-07 22:35

On my birthday me and my partner S did nothing special. If in nothing special I may include sex, reading bdsm-comics and doing household business like peeing my shorts while doing dishes (I´ve posted about that one earlier). Then of course kitchen floor cleaning and lots of laundry. And this was only before dinner.

After that we headed off for the waste recycling bins and the supermarket. The first store was closed, and we had to go the next one. I took the chance to fill the car with groceries so it took a while, but it was not until we drove home S announced his need for a bathroom. He told me later that before we left home he had been secretly chugging water every time I left the room, and he had needed to pee, and been slightly uncomfortable about it, already when we were at the recycling bins, and then even more when the first store was closed.

Now we were safely at home. He had his grey suit pants on, and I thought I´d try my new grey ones too, the first suit pants I owned that weren´t in that boring discreet dark colour that is great for public play, but sometimes you wanna see what you´re doing too.

I hadn´t noticed his desperation before, but now that we were in the kitchen it was clear that he had did a good job holding. I had to help him holding on a little longer by making him hard. He enjoyed the mix of different needs, and I enjoyed to watch. I didn´t need to pee at all, but drank a couple of glasses to perhaps catch up with him, but turned out it was too late, he couldn´t hold it much longer. It was great to have my full focus on watching him, and I have enough of experience and imagination to know very well what kind of bodily sensations he was dealing with. After a couple of turns of masturbation, he had reached his limit, he put his dick back in his pants, and told me he was going to wet himself.

I had this conflict, that I wanted to just be there in this precious moment, see it, feel it, live it, but I also wanted to save it for later by using the camera. I told him he had to hold on still, just wet a little bit first, and he did that. Small little patch in the front of his pants. Then a little more running down his left leg, and starting to drip to the floor.

He gave me plenty of time to both have my photos and just watch him, but then he sighed and it started to gush out, flooding his pants. He told me how good it felt. It kept going and going and the puddle was getting huge, the pee crawled a long way in under the kitchen table. I was still frustrated about the camera thing, took some photos, put the camera down, took it up again, and then decided I just needed to touch him. My hands on his wet pants as another hot gush warmed them up.

Then I put my hand in his pants, and felt him peeing through his underwear. This was a lot of pee! I´ve been thinking I have a bigger bladder than him, but after this I´m not so sure, I think he´s just been inconfident and not used to holding. He finally felt like he was done, and I washed my hands, took some more pictures, threw towels on the floor, and then we went to the shower where S wanted to finish the other stuff while I was watching. It didn´t take long. “Please cum in your underwear” I said, and he did. So hot. What a birthday present!

After S had showered it was my turn. My bladder was too slowly filling up and I wouldn´t bother about doing a real hold, I just wanted to wet. I asked for a scenario. Normally we start planning our scenarios months ahead, so this one was very spontaneous.

“I´m a photographer, you´re new at work and we´re gonna get good representative pictures of you” he suggested, and I liked the idea.

This photographer took his time, and of course didn´t recommend any breaks when I asked for it. He also suggested me posing in weird positions, squatting and straddling a chair, and then he started to take photos from a low angle. I was finally ready to wet, and I started a little bit. I´m more used to jeans wetting, where there´s a patch slowly spreading in the crotch, getting bigger and bigger, crawling down the thighs. Suit pants of this kind is a whole different thing, and that´s interesting. The first visible spurt just got straight down in a thin line along the whole leg. So thin it was barely visible. The photographer noticed me staring down my pants, and asked

“What´s wrong?”

“Nothing” I quickly replied. He took a closer look at me.

“Hey, have you wet yourself?”

“No. it was just that water glass I just drank, I spilled some.”

“Oh no, I´m not buying that, look here”, he said and took some close ups at my crotch. I relaxed my bladder a little again, and the thin dark line got wider.

“Ok, sorry, You´re right, I´m wetting myself, this was taking too long. How embarrassing...”

If this had been a realistic scenario it would have been awkward and he would have apologized, said “enough for today then” and let me rush to the bathroom before more damage done, but this perverted photographer of course had other plans.

“I´ll promise not to tell anyone about your accident if you´ll let me take some more pictures to keep for my private use”. For some obvious reasons I didn´t mind and kept wetting, feeling my pants get warm and heavy and watched the interesting patterns formed by the meandering rivers.

“So what do I do now, standing here all wet in the office? I can´t get out in the building in front of my colleagues like this”, I said after I´d finished.

“Not my problem, I´m off, “ said the bastard and left the room with his camera full of pictures of me soaking myself.

I was glad to get my boyfriend back. He was kind enough to bring some dry towels to mop up another huge puddle from the floor, while I went into the shower. Soon I got caught standing there with the water still off and one hand in my wet pants.

“So, what are you doing?”, S asked.

“It´s just an itch” I said. He got closer, and suddenly he put his dick in my pants and shamelessly started to release his bladder, all in one long gush. I didn´t see that one coming but it was a welcome hot surprise, as my pants had just become cold. Turned out he really needed to go again, as his pee thoroughly resoaked my pants and splashed out of my leghole. Felt a little bit like I just suddenly wet myself with zero control, not even feeling myself peeing.

I must admit I left a few things out when family and friends asked me how I spent my birthday. But now at least you know the whole story. Hope you enjoyed it, we did!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2021-09-08 19:09

Thanks for your likes and comments!

Yes, great birthday, nice pants, and fantastic partner.

