Spa and Spurts

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2017-10-03 06:11

I’m starting to believe the way back to my apartment is cursed. Not only have I had many a leak walking back from class (most notably the experience I posted about before) but today I discovered that even coming back from a nice, relaxing day could become a battle of desperation.

I went to the spa to get a facial and a massage and I, of course, hate getting up to use the restroom during a service. Not only is it awkward but I paid for an hour, damn it. I’m not going to waste precious relaxation time on a bathroom trip! I had admittedly had probably a little more to drink than usual but I got to the spa just fine. I entered the locker room and checked my phone to find I had no service. I shrugged, realized I didn’t need my phone away and tossed it into the locker I had chosen to use.

I kicked off my shoes and socks before shedding my T-shirt and my new sweats. I was in love with those sweats. They were the adidas ones that were skinny down the leg. They made my ass look great and they were super cozy, perfect for a spa trip. I carefully tucked the garments into the locker before removing my bra and adding it to the pile. I then pulled on the robe they’d given me and slipped into the spa issued sandals as well before making my way to the dimly lit spa lounge to wait.

My first treatment, the facial, went without a hitch. As I waited for my next service I felt the slightest twinge in my bladder as I was sipping a cup of water that my facialist had given me after completing my service. I finished the cup and silently debated whether I should use the restroom or not. Remembering my wetting the other day and petrified of losing control in such a public place I rushed to the bathroom and emptied myself just in case. Upon returning to the lounge I realized my masseuse still hadn’t showed up to escort me to my next treatment. My tongue felt dry and I debated getting another glass of water. Eventually I decided “Fuck it. It’s not gonna rush to my bladder immediately and once I’m done I’m just an Uber away from home. I ended up downing a second glass and a third to satisfy my thirst when my massage therapist finally came to retrieve me.

Once again my treatment seemed to go without a hitch. I felt a slight tingling in my bladder but wrote it off as a result of my paranoia and my position laying on my stomach. When I returned to the locker I felt that same twinge and ignored it yet again. It was so minor and, as I’d said earlier, I was only an Uber ride away from home. I redressed myself, closed my locker, and left to pay, tossing my robe and sandals into their designated bins on my way out. After paying and politely declining the receptionist’s offer of a discount if I immediately rebooked then and there, I left the spa and decided to go walking a bit. It was such a nice day out and I didn’t want to waste it. I bought a coke from the local vendor and then began to wander as I sipped on the soda.

Eventually I decided it was time to head back. I was quite a way from home so walking back would take ages and taking the bus would be a nightmare so I reached for my pocket to pull out my phone and call an uber only to realize my phone wasn’t there.

I grew frantic, checking and double checking my pockets and immediate area in the hopes that I’d simply manage to miss it. I tried retracing my steps over and over again but found nothing. I even asked a stranger if I could borrow their phone and tried calling my own what must have been a million times but all of them failed. By this time my bladder is making itself a little more known but I’m too concerned win finding my missing phone to pay it any kind.

Eventually I figured out that I had simply forgotten my phone in the locker room and returned to the spa to retrieve it. Phone once more in my hand I finally called the uber and breathed a sigh of relief that I had managed to find it and was now headed home. It wasn’t until I had sat down in the driver’s car and we had started off on our journey that I realized my mistake.

I hadn’t gone to the bathroom in the spa and now my bladder was not happy with me. I began to squirm in my seat, my place directly behind the driver gave me just enough privacy to drop decorum in order to hold on. I tried holding my crotch but the way the sweats were made and the material they were made off made it incredibly difficult for me to hold myself and I was forced to use only my thighs and will power to hold it.

I swear every stop light was out to get me and whenever we hit traffic I could only pray that I wouldn’t soak this poor driver’s seats. I wasn’t sure I could make it but eventually the Uber pulls up to nearby my apartment. By this point I’ve spurted into my sweat pants a couple times but was determined not to let things get any worse. I hobble from where the car dropped me off to the front door of my building, doing my best to stay subtle and maintain decorum.

I rushed inside once again, getting flashbacks from the other night, only to groan when I suddenly remember that the elevators are still closed. At least this time I know where the steps are.

I rush up the stairs two at a time only to realize this was a mistake when I let a long leak into my panties that I’m sure had gone through to my sweats. I stopped, twisting my legs together like a pretzel and tried to breathe through the desperation. Once I felt I was under control I attempted to run again but after feeling another spurt I decided shuffling slowly and softly going up the stairs was probably my best bet at making it to the toilet. Eventually I stepped out of the stairwell and began shambling to the door urgently trying to grasp my crotch through my sweatpants and struggling. I silently thanked God that my sweatpants were black because I was positive I’d have a sizable, unmistakable wet spot on my pants. I fumbled with the key as I tried to open my door, getting frustrated and more and more concerned as I felt more leak into my sweats. I was moments away from completely releasing my bladder and I knew it.

Finally, finally I get the door open. I quickly toss my stuff aside and rush as fast as I can to my bathroom, leaking the whole way. I could feel the warmth pooling in my panties near constantly as I struggled to last just that last bit longer. I finally got to the bathroom, leaking continuously at this point, basically wetting myself, but if I thought undoing a belt was a bitch when desperate, working with a drawstring was infinitely worse. I could feel my thighs dampening, my panties feeling warmer and warmer, and eventually finally, finally the drawstring came loose, freeing me. I quickly yanked down my sweats and panties and planted myself on the toilet. I expected a long, long moment of sweet release but I pissed for only a few moments longer. My sigh of release was cut off as my face heated up. I had realized that although I’d “made it” to the toilet, the vast majority of my bladder had already been emptied into my poor sweats and panties.

The blush remained high on my cheeks as I inspected the damage. My panties has a large wet spot spanning from the front, just above my vagina, to the back about halfway up my ass. I had hoped the sweatpants had at least escaped all damage (because maybe then I hadn’t had as much liquid in my bladder as anticipated) but my thighs were wet and as I checked the fabric I wasn’t really surprised to find it wet. I quickly wiped myself off, shucking my soaked garments into my laundry bin and stewed for a moment in my humiliation. My one saving grace was that it had waited to reach critical mass until I had returned to a private location. I quickly changed into dry bottoms and panties.

Near accidents and leaks are pretty common these days. I swear my way home is cursed.

*005*2017-10-03 15:48

{{1 hour ago, amberpee said:

As long as there is no underlying health issue, I for one hope that your "home is cursed" so that you can continue to share your wonderful writing talents with the community. I loved your description,

"The blush remained high on my cheeks as I inspected the damage. My panties has a large wet spot spanning from the front, just above my vagina, to the back about halfway up my ass."

Love the title of the post too! Spa & Spurts LOL

}}

Definitely no underlying health issue I’m just irresponsible........

