Face Time Request

Author: Slater

*000*2016-11-19 10:28

Whew, I hadn't posted in years. I still have a few old childhood stories to tell but that is not what this is.

Ever since I expanded my social media reach, I've been able to come in contact with a few girls who have been happy to oblige with sexual favors in return for other favors, gifts, advice, etc. This was the second girl who was willing to actually try peeing for me though (there's a first, other girl; I'll post with pics and a vid on that one later if desired). Actually, the whole 'friends with benefits' relationship started with asking her to pee in her pants to which she informed me about peeing fetishes. Nicknaming her Alice. And she had been doing sexual favors online for quite some time.

Alice has gorgeous black hair that hung below shoulders, mostly petite body around the chest and waist but a little on the curvy side everywhere else, really cute. She had done a few stripping bits and teases but it finally came down to the big show last Friday night. I had been urging her to try and pee herself, especially since she agreed to three weeks prior. She finally did so and I instructed her to drink an entire gallon (3.7 liters) in under an hour's time (she didn't quite drink that much but she did drink a lot). The timing was difficult to pin though because she has roommates apparently and didn't want to do it in the bathroom for some reason. But I was totally cool with it, she was in her room tiled with wood. She was good about drinking a lot; half a gallon of water, 3 sodas, and an energy drink. And for three hours, she didn't have to go to the bathroom! I didn't think that was possible!

We kept up awkward small talk, we started planning this around 9pm and it was now midnight. Alice said she was getting really tired so I suggested she try taking a 4 hour nap or something. She agreed, and so at 4am we met again. I asked how she was doing and she just said "fine". Then after talking about 10 minutes she finally typed it. "I have to pee really bad." Finally, about time. But her tablet needed to charge since she forgot to plug it in while she was sleeping so I wasn't able to see any video of her in desperation. She had to type it out. Alice was wearing black shorts and a black t-shirt, which wouldn't do at all since you can't really see anything in black. Turned out to be a good thing since she didn't want to wet her shorts, she only wanted to get her panties wet.

She was laying on her bed typing out and watching videos, listening to music while wobbling her foot. After a while, about 20 mins, she asked how long she had to hold it. I said since she has no wetting or desperation holding experience (she's into watching others pee nude, not wetting herself) that she would probably have to hold it to bursting. Otherwise it will be a surprisingly difficult battle to get out. She said ok and we kept chatting.

About 20-30 minutes later she exclaimed, "OMG, I nearly **ing peed in my bed!" I told her that she probably just had a spasm, a little warning spit. That's exactly what happened, and Alice grabbed her crotch tightly and rocked back and forth while sitting on her foot. I suggested that she should probably move to her chair instead of the bed. She agreed. I kept asking to see her desperate but she kept telling me no wanting her tablet to charge more (and there wasn't anywhere good to plug it in while she recorded herself doing naughty things).

Alice was moaning quietly as she rubbed her legs together. She grabbed an electric pencil sharpener and jammed it in the crotch of her shorts to try and apply pressure while tying. Soon, the conversation drifted from other topics to nothing but her swelling bladder. "** did it again. $**." She was begging me to let her do it now because she really didn't want to end up having an accident in her shorts. Alice was vibrating her legs so violently it was making her typing difficult. I told her to wait 8 more minutes. During that time she was talking about the cramps in her stomach, leaning over, constantly spitting out swearing ... to say the least it was a very long 8 minutes.

At the exact moment it turned 8 minutes at 5:12, she said that she wasn't waiting any longer. She set up the tablet in the usual spot but I instructed her to let me see her strip her shirt and shorts off, then get on her knees spread out barely apart and to stand still with her arms curled up, hands behind her head. Alice did exactly that, except instead of the usual strip dance-tease, she tore her shirt off showing her black sports bra tightly hugging her petite curves and her shorts flew off just as fast, exposing light green panties that were a tiny bit big on her.

"Alright... "****, I have to pee so bad," she whimpered. What little bit I could see of her face was pinched and flushed red even before she got into position. I told her to hold her pee as long as she could. "Ok, I will." Straining to keep holding it without grabbing her crotch or clutching her legs tightly, she didn't last but like 30 seconds. She gasped and a torrent of pee exploded out of her vagina, cascading down her legs and quickly over-soaking her light green panties to darkness, the weight of the pee appeared to cause them to hang down a little. The splattering was magnificently loud. Alice was gasping hard every few seconds at the start before drawling into a moan as she arced her head back before continuing to stare at her naughtiness.

That was one of the biggest pee streams I've ever seen, and it dropped like a waterfall and sprinkled like a rainfall. I couldn't see what was going on her legs very well due to video quality, but her inner thighs were raining streams and she had puddles emerging from her knees on the wood that joined in with the scattered heavy ponds slowly merging into a single, large lake. After about a minute of continuous, nonstop peeing, she stopped moaning and just sighed, breaking deep and slow. When she finished, she stood up carefully and turned around to let me see her grey socks (which didn't get too wet except around the toes) and behind her.

Alice ended the video so that she could clean up the floor and take a shower. When she got back I told her that in her fantasies involving others peeing she would know how they would feel and it could make the sensation of masturbating that much more pleasant. She agreed, but told me to never ask that again; doing it another time was out of the question. Also, part of the deal with her on my end was that I wasn't allowed to record or share any video or pictures. And since she potentially browses through here from time to time as a lurker and enjoys her anonymity, I'm respecting that. She's also self conscious about comments and downloads etc. of said content so... sorry guys, no video upload.

But I hope you enjoyed the story!

*003*2016-11-20 06:57

A bladder can comfortably hold twice as much when sleeping. That's all I know.

