Highway Accident(s)

Author: mousopretty0

*000*2021-06-30 13:05

Hi every one,

I wanted to share a story that happend to me. It was a normal day at work and there was a new Interns that we need to teach. it's a good thing to know new people. But there was that girl who don't stop talking. The story begins when we was leaving and i was embarrsed to stop her endless conversation to go to bathroom but it was okay, i like holding and it's only 20mins using the highway. I do this on purpose lots of times. She was talking until we reached the parking lots and she stopped with difficulty after saying see you tomorrow about 100 times. For now it's all under control. Until the cars on the Highway started to slow down and stopped for no reason. WTF , Why? No one knows a specific answer.

It's been more that an hour and half and the cars didn't move an inch. The only thing moving is me trying to hold as my bladder will explode anytime. The urge statred to grow and grow and i was doing my best to hold it that i freezed in order to not lose control. Finally the cars started to move slowly but i couldn't move my legs anymore. I was afraid to pee. The man in the car behind me started shouting to move. So i returned to driving. It was like a numbness in the lower part of my body and i was barely felling my legs.

More than 10 cars or may be 20 that was smashed down with blood everywhere , ambulance , police cars. It was a disaster that i thank goodness i wasn't there. chills filled my body until i passed the accident. I was frustered for a couple of minutes before i calm down. Now i'm good and calm but why my legs are still hot !!.

OH Nooooo another accident

I didn't even realized it or fell it coming. All my jeans and seats are totaly soaked. I missed the joy of peeing my self. All plans went wrong, my plan was make it to home to pee in my favorite costumes not in my work ones. Also, I spent the weekend cleaning the car from pee. I hope i could make it home.

