Almost Caught Wetting

Author: Averylynn

*000*2015-09-29 02:04

As some of you guys may know, I've started selling videos of me peeing myself to earn some extra cash. Sadly, I live at home still, and its pretty hard to find the time where I'm totally alone and can just let go. Today, I was making a video for someone on here, and I figured the best time to do it would be when my family was out with my grandpa celebrating his birthday, especially since I wasn't able to go due to a bad cough I have.

I started drinking lemonade as soon as my mom and sister left, and a lot of it too! Sometimes it takes me three bottles of iced tea to get desperate, and I didn't have the time for that, that's almost three liters of juice to drink and I didn't have much time. So I chugged back almost two liters in less than half an hour, hoping that I could get desperate fast. It didn't work as well as I wanted, so I decided to try out one of those flash things that someone posted about using the other day. My biggest problem with that was I get distracted easily and I didn't like how I couldn't press done as soon as I finished a glass of water, and instead I had to wait up to five minutes. So I started playing agar.io (you know, that game with the cells eating the other cells) and checking back at the flash once in a while. When I got to having to press down on my bladder, I knew I was going to have to get ready to start filming.

So I went to my room, quickly changed to a pair of light blue jeans that I don't wear, and got set up, all the while with my hands in my crotch not trying to let out any leaks. So I finally got everything together and I started letting go as slowly as possible, when just then, I heard my mom and sister walk in. I didn't realize how late it was! They left at 4:30 and it was already 6:30 and they were home! I didn't know what to do! My blanket was in the living room since it was cold, so I ha no option. I could already hear my mom walking up the stairs.

So I quickly finished the video, sprayed perfume in my room, and lit a stick of incense.

I was just pulling off my wet clothes when my mom walked into my room.

"Why are you getting dressed so late?" she asked

"I need to pick up money from dad and I accidentally fell asleep wearing that outfit"

Thank god she didn't notice anything, although I think I'm just going to stick to wetting late at night when everyones asleep instead

