My First Boston Marathon

Author: Bravestone

*000*2017-01-12 15:17

I had posted this on another board I no longer patronize a few years back. Still a good representation of me :-)

At the time I had worked really hard to qualify for the race. Took 3 tries. I am not terribly speedy.

I'm a recreational runner who occasionally partakes in a marathon (26 mile foot race for non-runners out there). 10+ years ago I ran in my first Boston marathon. I had no idea what to expect for the event so like before any other long race I started hydrating early for this race. I also had a large coffee for my car trip into Boston. The race itself was at 11. We needed to be in downtown Boston by 830 to take a shuttle over to the start of the race in Hopkinton. I just barely made 830 and therefor had time only to get to the shuttle bus. At that point I needed to pee, but figured how long could the shuttle be. We had to be close, 20 minutes tops. Well 45 minutes later I'm sweating, crossing my legs, and tapping my toes and bouncing. I had a seat to myself too luckily so I was able to hold myself and not be noticed.

I remember looking out the window and realizing we were still on the highway. We couldn't be that close. Shit.... I really didn't think I could make it. My bladder was really starting to hurt. I shifted and held, and continued to cross my legs. I was sweating, my heart was racing. I kept looking around to see if anyone noticed my desperation

(actually panic) at this point. Luckily they were all too into there running plans, and excitement.

We passed another exit on the highway. Oh nooooo! It hurt so bad I didn't know how much longer I'd last.

Now I'm not even sure at what point it happened, or how. I just remember feeling a warmth spreading throughout my crotch. My holding hand got wet, and my grey sweats started turning dark dark grey. Pee even began running down my legs wetting my socks and running shoes. I couldn't believe it. Myself, 31 year old man wetting his pants. I couldn't stop it for a good 30 seconds or so (seemed even longer) no matter how I tried. I just sat there , face turning bright red, still squeezing my legs together, pants getting wetter and wetter. Meanwhile the pee that didn't soak into my sweats was running off of the vinyl onto the floor of the bus. Surely someone would hear it.

I finally regained control. But my sweats, running shorts and socks were soaked. The bottom of my shirt was even a little wet. Not only that we were pulling into the starting area. I panicked big time. Thinking quickly I took off my sweats wiped the seat and placed the pants under the seat. My black running shorts while still wet didn't look too bad. Paying the price of bad blisters later I also ditched my very wet socks. My shoes were damp too, but needed them. I tucked my shirt in and I was back on track.

Evidently only part of what was in my bladder escaped into my pants as I still really needed to go. Not wanting to wait in line and risk being discovered (my shorts were noticeably wet if inspected) I found a grassy area to stretch out. I sat down started stretching and completed the emptying of my bladder.

