Getting my first Covid vaccine shot, while bursting

Author: LilMiss

*000*2021-04-15 17:53

I'm getting my first shot today. I scheduled it after some other appointments. I have to pee so bad and I thought the shot was given in an office or clinic and I could pee when I got there. When I turned up a few minutes early, it was a drive-through. And even though they gave me a set time, there were a lot of people in front of me and it's made it so much worse. I drive an old stick shift so each stop and start felt stressful. Jiggling my legs so much....I thought I would be able to pee by now!

Just got the shot and then I sneezed and felt a little leak. Tried to take a pic but not sure I see anything. I definitely got a bit wet. Oh jeez, I forgot about the waiting after! They want me to wait longer because I am allergic to a lot of stuff. Omg. Maybe I should have put this in live action. I still have 25 more minutes. Grabbing doesn't help when I'm sitting. I really don't want to get a spot on my seat again! Ugh...I think I'll be ok. I'm not too far from home. Maybe when I get home I can add a pic of my little wet spot. Oh god right when I was about to post this I had another little leak. I hope no one is in my appartment complex parking lot when I get home. (Sorry for quality of pic, there are monitors walking between the car so snapped it fast)

$$

*001*2021-04-15 18:05

Oh god another leak and I snapped a pic to see and my seat is getting wet! Definitely not on my agenda today. I'm clenching everything and tried to lift my butt off the seat to save it but don't know that it's helping much. I'm too panicked right now to feel naughty but hopefully once I make it home...not having soaked my seat....I can enjoy the experience a bit. And maybe some of you can enjoy it now. At least typing this is keeping my mind occupied. I can't believe I thought this would be walk-in and i could pee first!

$$

*002*2021-04-15 18:22

I am absolutely losing the battle and will be cleaning my car seat later today. I tried to put a napkin under me but you can see how much that didn't work. It's just been rhythmic leaking, like small contractions. Trying to clench my upper thighs just made it spread more I think (although more on my leggings and less on my seat the better). I am almost done waiting but I'm shaking from the adrenaline. My bladder just has never been the same after health issues, stents, and catheterizations. Definitely wish I'd worn a pullup today, I just wanted to wear leggings and didn't think I'd be gone long enough to have a problem. Oh well, what's done is done, eh? I'm still trying to hold the rest in though. Sorry if this isn't good etiquette to keep adding to my thread. I didn't know that my first post wasn't the end...I had very much hoped it was...

$$

*004*2021-04-15 22:01

Funny (?) thing was - the whole time the vaccine-reaction-monitoring people are walking around in between the cars and I'm thinking (half panicking) - "now is definitely NOT the time to have some random bad reaction!" They'd probably have me get out of my car and everyone would see that I'd obviously had an accident. In the first picture (first minute of waiting) I probably could have hidden it. By the time 10 minutes had gone by....no way....too huge of a wet area. I guess I would have blamed the state of my pants and seat on whatever the reaction was....but wow how embarrassing that would have been!

As it was, when I got to my apartment I had to get out of my car and walk into my house in obviously wet leggings (had no jacket or anything else). And then I had to stop for a minute at my door and do a dip/clench routine to keep from flooding the remainder out (the seat's a lost cause but the shoes are still dry!)....although it was kind of slowly making its way out by then in a continuous slow trickle. And my hands were shaking so getting the key in the door was a bit of a treat. I just tried to be as fast as possible and hope for the best.

The relief of actually finishing in the toilet was nice but kind of anti-clamactic at that point...I sort of wish I had thought to pee the rest out with my leggings still on - I mean, wouldn't have made much of a difference and I always love the naughty and warm feel of that! And then I had to wipe down quickly and change for a zoom meeting (not because anyone would see my lower half, but because I didn't want to sit wet and stinky for 2 hours).

Thinking back over the experience I am happy to say that I am getting pretty turned on thinking about it...which is what I was hoping would happen - I didn't want it to be this traumatic thing I couldn't eventually enjoy. When work is over (soon) I plan to spend a little time reviewing the pics and reminiscing.

*007*2021-04-18 18:21

{{51 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Great story! I'm definitely wearing a nappy for mine...

}}

You can be sure I will be for my 2nd one too especially as I know now it's drive through!

