Late, drunk

Author: NiagraFalls

*000*2017-12-22 18:23

When my friend got a job at a frat bar, i would go in and he would just give me free drinks. the bar was so crowded every night that nobody noticed. i would drink and chat with him and watch him pour disgusting drinks to college types, and when i was too sloshed to talk anymore, i would bid him goodnite and stumble home. i only lived about 7 or 8 blocks away, but since i hadn't been able to use the toilet at the bar, i would usually be bursting by the time i would get home.

Sometimes i would just make it, other times i wouldn't. those are the times i want to talk about.

The first time was a cold wet rainy dark night. it wasn't even that late, it was like just past ten PM. the rain came in quick and heavy-AND COLD- and as i shivered, i accidentally let some out. i was that full...you know what i mean, right? just let the top few tablespoons come out, just to ease the strain a bit, then you can get a better hold on it and keep any more from flowing out. there's a stain, but only in your BVDs, nothing on your trousers yet. but i was SO cold and wet from the rain already that i just went ahead and didn't choke it off, in fact i pushed it willingly. it warmed my boy parts and filled my trousers with hot steamy whiskey piss. it felt so good, and the best part was, nobody wouldn've noticed had they seen me, i was already drenched.

I decided that from then on that every time, whether it was raining or not, on the way home from the bar i wouldn't bother holding it. i just wanted to see how close i could get to my house before i would gush in my pants. sometimes it would be closer to halfway home, and other times it would be on the next block from where i lived before it happened.one time i was climbing the steps to my porch... another time i was turning the key in the lock when the dam burst. i learned how to walk and release by doing this, and during the cold winter months, my long dark overcoat was my cover (although when i was done, i would open it and marvel at the size of the stains i would create)

@glob, i used to soak myself literally every night for a few months, before my friend quit his job at the bar and left town. that last night he worked, i didn't go to the toilet at all the entire time. as i left the bar, two other girls were walking the other way, and both of them had HUGE pee stains, but they were so giddy they didn't care. so i took off my overcoat and draped it over my arm and peed openly, just soaking myself....like all of it. i peed so much on that walk home, that i actually stopped walking and reached in and re-positioned my penis so that it would flow down my other leg.

Just drenched.

I don't get chanced like that anymore. someday...

