24 hour hold

Author: Kylie

*000*2012-06-10 06:09

One night at midnight I got bored so decided that I would try to hold my pee in for 24 hours since my parents were out of town. During the next two hours I planned it out my guidelines were I must have two glasses of liquid a hour, I locked the bathroom and put the key in a drawer under a bunch of stuff, and I must hold until I wet no cheating by peeing in a cup or somewhere else or giving I must hold until my bladder unwilling releases no letting go cuz it is too intense.At 2:00am I emptied my bladder and drank two glasses of water. Soon after that like 20 mins I drank three more just to get things going. The next two hours went by with no urge still drinking. But at 4 I got a slight urge barely Noticed it but it was there. the urges came on and off for a long time after that so I will skip until 11:00.

###

I hard urge hit me I clenched my mucelses still not squirming yet. but that would change. At 5:00 I was having to twicth alittle. I will skip to where it gets interesting

8:30 it seemed all that water rushed to my bladder I was boderline desperate. But I forced two more glasses down. 9:00 squirming and tensing thighs. 10:00 squirming alot and crossing legs tightly. 11:00 OH MY GOD I have to pee so bad both hands glued to my crotch doing a full on potty dance 12:00 AHHHHHH why am I still drinking? Oh I just spurted can not wait much longer.1:00 my crotch is damp my hands clutchin so hard it hurts legs crossed hoping all around the room but just one more hour.

At 1:45 15 mins seemed like forever I really wanted to let go but know I must hold. 1:55 wet spot the size of a softball oh god another long spurt. 2:00 I did it I held my pee fir 24 hours and still holding. Wonder why remember my rule hold it until pee comes out unwilling I ended up making it to 2:02 then I spurted I tried to regain control but couldn't soon that spurt became a waterfall I never removed my hands never give up. Finilally I was finessed. Just a visual of my pants the front were soked from my crotch to my ankles and ther was a huge puddle at my feet the back: my whole bum was wet and dripping. I also came alot in my jeans I mean after that who wouldn't

Sorry about this being posted so much it doubled

