My first wetting to mark a year on omorashi dot com

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-03-01 12:51

So by popular demand today I consumed loads and loads of liquids and carried on with my housework. Those of you who read my stuff on here will know I am a holder and not a wetter.

However I wanted to do something special to mark my year on here so here is today’s account:

I woke at 7:30 am so went to the bathroom to empty both my bladder and bowels.

I had a mug of tea with my toast for breakfast then got kids ready and off to school. When I got home I made myself another mug of tea ans drank this before noticing my daughter had left her homework on the couch. So I took her homework down to the school and when I came back i got on with the housework.

I decided to clear out my wardrobe and took a bottle of water upstairs with me. I filled somw binbags of clothes for charity and it wasn’t long before I began needing to pee. I ignored my bladder as I was busy.

I was really shocked just how quickly my desperation increased so I stopped hoovering my stairs and made a video of me squirming. I have an account on xtube so started to upload that video on there. It seemed to take ages meanwhile I was getting more and more desperate to pee. I pulled my trousers down and pushed my hand tight against my knickers in an attempt to keep my pee inside. I was moaning as I really had to go so bad but I wanted to wet myself and film and to do so I needed the video to finish uploading first.

I wasn’t t sure if I would be able to wait to be honest. I was getting very very strong urges to release and it was very exciting.

Finally the video finished uploading and I could start recording again. The second video was me really moaning in urgent need to go then then first drop in my knickers and then I pull my trousers up and explode in them.

It was my first deliberate wetting and it was absolutely amazing.

Having nver wet like that before what shocked me was just ten minutes later I really felt the need to go again ans when I sat on the toilet I peed another very long release! Has that happened to anyone else?

Anyway the videos are on my xtube under the user name helpmehold.

Here’s some pics I took for you all

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2019-03-01 13:20

{{12 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Happy one year here, and Happy wetting

}}

I actually loved it and will definitely be doing it again!

*003*2019-03-01 13:31

Some screenshots from the video

$$

$$

$$

$$

*005*2019-03-01 13:48

{{6 minutes ago, mad the cat said:

Lovely! Looks like you enjoyed yourself.

}}

Very much so

Here’s the link

%https://www.xtube.com/video-watch/chubby-female-wets-herself-and-moans-in-desperation-39309081

*008*2019-03-02 09:55

{{3 hours ago, blasseroz said:

I like the back shot best.

}}

Me too. Almost looks like a love heart too

*010*2019-03-02 10:00

{{Just now, GreenChile said:

Such a hot account!

}}

Thank you. It was my first one and I wasn’t sure what parts others might like shared.

*013*2019-03-02 13:16

{{14 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Loved the video you looked like really enjoyed it as well

}}

I very much did

