Just nearly peed myself washing up!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-10-31 20:59

Guten Tag!

I've just had a really awesome weekend where I went on a super long train journey (I know what you're thinking, and you're right) there and back, and stayed a couple of days, which involved some holding and some mutual holding, with Homeanddry!

I think we're going to post bits from each of our perspectives, so look forwards to those, plenty of EQ desp and a bit of HaD from my perspective haha! More on that after this short anecdote:

I'm wearing a black t-shirt with starwars on it, some black camo trouser things and one sock with pineapples and the other with bananas.

Anyway, I hadn't gone to the bathroom since about 1:40pm until just now (20:50) because I was on trains! And then I got in and felt dead, so I just messaged people on here a little bit and messed around. Then my little brother. I say little he's only a year younger than me and we are both in our 20's, announced that he bought food for a BBQ yesterday with his mates but they neglected to buy a BBQ so he had stuff for dinner.

Me and him get on super well, like twins, so there's lots of making each other laugh. We cooked together and ate, and I really didn't notice I needed to pee, we watched loads of videos of kids falling down things and stupid vine compilations until it was getting on, so we started washing up. Since he bore the brunt of the cooking, I had to do the washing up. As soon as I began rinsing plates I was DESPERATE.

It came out of nowhere I was like a deer staring at an oncoming train of pure unadulterated desperation.

Anyway I stood in my traditional pose of one foot on top of the other and was leaning heavily into the corner unit where the sink is in sheer desperation. My brother was being stupid and slowly scraping the plates off morsel by morsel and I was laughing but begging him to hurry up.

I finished rinsing and filled the bowl with lemony goodness, and plunged my hands into the bubbly depths - which shot a massive wave all through me, and my bladder felt like it was quivering.

I stopped being so bloody poetic about it, and was now hurriedly washing up to the best of my ability, my whole body telling me I was about to piss myself, you know when every fibre of you is shaking and you are sweating with the need. Because it was right there.

My brother was still messing around and I was now running out of room so I asked him to dry up quickly so I could finish quicker. He told me I wasn't good enough at stacking and was painfully showing me how to properly stack to achieve minimum room and I was just saying "hurry up!!!" I could feel the first spasm.

Eventually I had enough room and as soon as I'd finished drying the counter around the sink I bolted. My brother said "are you going...?"

And I said "I have to pee oh my god"

And ran upstairs, slammed the bathroom door open, and shut, didn't have time to lock it, bounced up and down as I undid my trousers and peed just as I sat down.

It was super close!

Anyway, hope you enjoyed that story.

There's a few omo moments I want to write about from seeing HaD this weekend:

The journey up

Dog walking and hot tub

Walking through town

The journey home

I might think of more though!

EQ

*003*2016-11-01 20:35

{{22 hours ago, dampknickers said:

I would have at least been tempted to at least let a few bursts go in those camo trousers !

}}

Haha, I don't know if I've wet these or not, but it would be satisfying how the material would cling as it dampened!!

{{19 hours ago, wettingman said:

Did your brother realize how desperate you were?

}}

I imagine so, but we've both seen each other desperate a lot. Although he may have been too dense as he seemed shocked I was gonna leave so quickly!

