Wetting after a night out

Author: RedFox12345678

*000*2017-07-03 22:04

Dear omo-lovers,

I frequently wet my pants after a night out at the café or the club and I'm guessing I'm not the only one who does it - on purpose or completely by accident.

I think there are many reasons why people wet themselves when they go out. First of all, the liquids you consume easily fill your bladder. Especially when you drink alcohol, which is usually the case when I go to a pub or club. Second, alcohol will slow down your ability to control your muscles, impaires your reaction time and on top of that, alcohol usually makes you more likely to loosen up a bit - and to push your boundaries. Third : there are less people on the street - the chance of you getting caught is a lot smaller than at noon, for example, plus your accident will be (partly) hidden by the dark. Also, at four o'clock in the night you are less likely to find a toilet on your way home.

Usually, after a night out I walk to my house if the weather is ok. It's a 30 minute walk from the pubs to my house and most of the time, my bladder tends to fill up quickly because of the consumed alcohol. Also, I do not go to the toilet at least 30 minutes before I leave the pub. So my bladder will be quite full when I am going home. I like the feeling of a full bladder and after some alcohol, I'm likely to do more naughty things. After 10-15 minutes walking, my bladder will start to hurt and by that time, I have reached a quiet area. 

Most times, I can't be bothered to hold it and simply empty my bladder into my jeans instead of searching for a toilet or squatting down with removed undies and pants. It's wayyy too much effort to remove the clothes, I am lazy and it feels very naughty when I deliberately wet myself and let my clothes become soaked. After the wetting, I will continue my journey home and sometimes I wet myself for a second time. My most memorable wetting after a night out can be found here.

This is my story, has anyone similiair experiences ? If so, please do share those stories and your thoughts about wetting after a night in the pub or club!

*004*2017-08-09 09:12

Usually I use the toilet in the pub, but beer makes you go to the toilet a LOT and alcohol also relaxes your muscles. Usually I will stop going to the toilet about 30 minutes or 1 hour before I leave. I can hold on pretty long but a couple of hours holding would be painful so I'm not doing that.

*006*2017-09-12 19:42

I have a long coat, so the chance of being caught is almonst non-existent to zero. I've wet myself multiple times when I wore pants where the wet spot is very noticable, but the long coat covers it. (Although I once wet myself so bad that the legs of my jeans were also soaked, the coat didn't cover that...) But I've also peed my pants without a long coat, and to be honest: I was drunk and excited at that time and didn't care who saw me with my wet jeans. I stayed behind the group of people who also got off the bus so it would not be too obvious that I wet myself on purpose (I did not stage an accident, I simply sat down and deliberately emptied my bladder into my jeans) but the feeling of my warm, steaming, soaked jeans was so arousing that I could not give a damn if somebody spotted me in my pissed pants.

It's worth buying a long coat. Not only for omo-related purposes, but they are very warm in cold weather.

