The Preschool Potty Rebel

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-05-13 15:10

This little incident occured in, as the title suggests, preschool. I was about five, and attending preschool at the YMCA. This was my first month there, and as I had used up my last diaper shortly after arriving, and had gotten changed by my mom, I was out of diapers till the end of the day. I was dressed in my usual attire of sneakers, I don't recall the brand, dark blue sweatpants, a T-Shirt, and a dark blue sweatshirt. I would eschew this in warmer months.

It was during story time, one of my favorite times of the day, that I began to feel my breakfast, which I think was oatmeal, and the bottle of milk, start to kick in, exacting a pressure on my bladder and bowels. Normally. I would have been fine with just going then and there, but without the smell encasement of a diaper, I was kind of worried.

Lucky for me, my teacher called up a bathroom break. One by one we were sent into the correct gendered bathroom. As I entered, and stared at the toilet, a sense of unease came over me. You see, aside from liking them, the reason I wore diapers up till the summer-ish between 2nd and 3rd grade (Though I did need them at night for a month or two after), was A. I was uncomfortable with public restrooms outside my home environment, and let's face it, public bathrooms aren't always the cleanest, and B. 

A slight fear of the flushing noise. However, that was quelled by a tiny mischievous side of me. I remember trying to calm my unease around public bathrooms, and in a weird way, rebel against that particular toilet, I simply plopped onto it, and began grunting and releasing. My bladder went first, soaked through my dark pants and into the toilet below. Meanwhile, my poop slithered out into the back of my pants. Wiping up, I dumped the poop out of my sweatpants and into the toilet below. Hiking my pants up, I washed my hands. I was still a bit freaked out by the flushing noise so I didn't flush (And let's face it, there are some toilets with insanely loud flushes), and left the bathroom.

Throughout the rest of the day I either peed in intervals into my pants, thankful of their dark color, or, if it was poop, improvised. Like for instance, making sure no one could see me, I would go behind a book case, slide my pants down, do my dooty on the floor, pull up my pants, and go on my way. That was a fun day

*002*2018-05-13 15:45

{{Just now, BENAir01 said:

Sounds pretty interesting. I wonder if anyone knew.

}}

Hmm, no idea BEN, my pants color hid the wet stain.

