Uncontrollably wetting myself in front of my apartment building

Author: LeaksALot

*000*2021-10-18 03:01

I didn't plan on holding today. I was at work, delivering food all night. I was really thirsty so I drank 2 bottles of water while delivering this evening. That was after I had already used the bathroom once at work. I thought I'd be fine until the end of my shift. But boy was I wrong.

About 2 hours before the end of my shift, my bladder started to feel full to the point where I'd normally go to the bathroom if I was near one and not busy. But the deliveries kept coming in and every time I got back to the restaurant, there were more deliveries ready to go out. I had to keep grabbing deliveries and leaving again. There was no time to use the bathroom. Besides, the men's room at work smells AWFUL. It smells more piss soaked than most crummy gas station bathrooms. If I absolutely have to go to the bathroom while I'm at work, I pull my shirt over my face so I can tolerate the smell long enough to take a piss. Yes, the bathroom gets cleaned daily. We even bleach it. But it always ends up reeking of piss again. I enjoy omorashi, but I do not enjoy the smell of piss. So I avoid using the bathroom at work unless I really have to. Ok, moving on.

So I finally got back and there were no deliveries waiting. At this point, my bladder was full enough that I had been pausing to cross my legs every time I got out of my car. But now, I had to hurry up and sweep and mop the back of the restaurant so I could get ready to leave on time. So I started sweeping and mopping. Every time I leaned forward or bent over, the pressure on my bladder increased and for a moment it felt like I could leak if I wasn't careful. I had to keep discretely grabbing myself to prevent an accident. This sensation was also starting to make me aroused though since needing to pee makes me horny. I was starting to get a semi hard on...in front of my coworker. I was embarrassed but also it felt so good that I didn't care much. 

I readjusted my dick to make it less obvious and kept working. As I finally finished up the floors, I was getting desperate to the point that I was regretting my decision not to use the bathroom earlier. My desperation was rapid growing and I was now visibly doing a pee dance every time I was out of sight of anyone else. But now it was almost time to go home and I could hold it, I told myself. Just hold it and use the bathroom at home. Or hey, maybe hold it and have an accident in your pants once you get home. I had a full on erection by now and it had become difficult to hide so I pulled my hoodie down so it would cover my crotch. I was sort of enjoying the hold more at this point, in spite of needing to piss so badly. I leaned over to dump the mop bucket and nearly leaked, the pressure on my bladder was so intense.

I finished up at work and took out the trash. As I hoisted it into the dumpster, the bag slipped out of my hands and almost spilled everywhere. I panicked and bent over quickly to catch it and in that moment, the first leak happened. It lasted maybe 3 seconds, but for a moment I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to stop and would piss myself right there at work. I couldn't have that happen...hell no. I wouldn't mind pissing myself in public around strangers...but at work? Fuck no. I still had to go back inside before leaving. My bladder would have to stop being a little bitch.

After inspecting the damage (there was no visible wetness) I went back inside and clocked out. Luckily my coworker wasn't in a talkative mood, because sometimes he is and he wants to stand around and chat as I'm trying to go home. I couldn't deal with that tonight.

I got out to my car and carefully sat down. The pressure on my bladder from sitting down was almost too much and I leaked again. Fuck...I couldn't afford to piss my pants in my car...I just got this car and I've been keeping it immaculate...having an accident in my car would just piss me off (pun intended). As I drove home holding myself and squirming, I had an idea. It's always hard for me to have a genuine accident. I often hold intentionally and then get bored and end up pissing my pants intentionally or just ending the hold in the toilet. But losing control and having a real accident feels the most enjoyable, to me. I was already on the verge of losing it, so why not wait it out?

I got home and put my idea into action. Getting out of the car nearly made me leak again but I managed to compose myself. I was going to go upstairs and take off my work shoes since I didn't want to soak my shoes, put on some sandals, then go for a walk around the complex. It was dark out and so if I happened to see anyone during my walk, they probably wouldn't be able to tell if I had an accident.

I went inside and of course, as soon as I got inside the cats wanted to be fed. I winced at the pressure on my bladder but fed them anyway. Leaning over to put down the food dishes made me leak even more and now there was a good sized wet spot on my gray jeans. As I pee danced around the kitchen, my desperation got worse and worse. I felt like my bladder was going to burst any minute. I had to fucking hurry because I did NOT want to pee my pants in the kitchen and have a mess to clean up inside. I usually contain my pee accidents to the shower, or in a diaper, or standing on a pee pad, or outside, etc...anywhere that I won't have a giant mess to clean up afterwards. I enjoy wetting but I hate cleaning up the aftermath...washing my clothes is just about the maximum effort I want to put into the clean up.

I finally changed my shoes and headed outside. At this point I was doing a pee dance, grabbing my dick, crossing my legs, breathing heavily, doing everything I could to hold it in. The pressure in my bladder was 11/10 and it hurt so much. It no longer felt good at this point. But I wanted to feel the euphoria of having a real accident. I was determined to hold it as long as I possibly could.

I barely made it a few steps down the sidewalk when it happened. A sharp pain shot through my bladder and I squeezed my legs together and jammed my hands into my crotch but it was useless. I felt the warm piss flowing out of me uncontrollably and I moaned...it felt so fucking good to lose control of my bladder. As I flooded my pants it felt like pure bliss. I couldn't believe how much was coming out. I was right next to my apartment building. The rush of the small chance of someone catching me made it even more euphoric. I pissed and pissed and I never wanted it to end because it felt so damn good. I sighed and pushed out the last few squirts of pee. I came back to reality and looked around, searching for open window curtains in the surrounding apartment buildings, hoping no one had witnessed that. It appeared that no one was watching so I stopped to take a photo before going back inside...I uploaded the picture below.

As I finish writing this, I already need to piss again. I don't want to do another hold tonight but I might go put on a new pair of pants and just wet myself again because damn...that felt good.

*004*2021-10-21 06:30

{{3 hours ago, GreenChile said:

Now I want to be a food delivery guy just to try to hold through a shift

}}

I've come close to pissing myself a few other times too, not even on purpose, just because it was too busy to take time to go to the bathroom. Always exhilarating. Delivering Grubhub, etc I've had some close calls too.

*009*2021-10-23 19:43

{{1 hour ago, MaleOmoFan94 said:

That's a really good story. The only problem is now I swear I can smell bleach and old pee. That must smell terrible, bleach and pee smell bad enough on their own, but together, yuck.

}}

I like the smell of bleach but not piss. The bathroom at work usually smells like piss...not bleach. Sometimes a mixture though. It's pretty awful

