Overheard

Author: Impostor

*000*2021-04-23 08:56

Last week I experienced something really not special or weird: while I was walking down the streets of my neighborhood, I overheard a conversation between a guy and girl. As I said, it was nothing special, just the girl saying really out loud "I can't wait to be home so I can finally piss!" (in Italian: "non vedo l'ora di arrivare a casa così posso pisciare"), with big emphasis on the final word.

Naturally this encounter aroused my attention and I began thinking of all the other times I overheard someone explicitly tell in public about their needs to relieve.

While I try to collect my past experiences from the archives of my mind, please feel free to share yours down here.

*005*2021-05-15 08:28

Thanks everyone for their contribution.

I remember an episode that happened almost five years ago. I was on a 14 hours long coach night trip from my country's South to the North: seated beside me, on the left row of the bus, there was a 20-something years old girl. I didn't spend much attention to her during the first hours of the journey, but I recalled her becoming very vocal about her need to relieve when the reserve drivers approched her. Being a cute blondish young girl, wearing a tank top that showed perfectly her cleavage, and barefeet sitting on her heels, she drew the attention of the two middle-age men that had nothing to do but rest till their turn to drive the coach.

One of the driver asked her if she was cold from the AC, but she replied she just really needed to pee, showing her empty bottle of water, and questioned about when the next rest stop was scheduled. The reserve drivers laughed and answered that the trip was really long and "we will stop in about one hour and a half", but also that there was a small bathroom on the coach, invinting her to use it.

She replied that most definitly she was not going go use that cubicle and that she was going to hold it. Then she proceeded to cross her legs and jiggle her feet mid-air.

Nothing more happened during that trip. Eventually she held it till the rest stop area and used the bathroom.

