In bed til noon

Author: buggy2013

*000*2021-06-26 15:03

Decided last night that I wasn’t getting out of bed until noon today. Not for anything. So I gathered some supplies and snuggled in for the night.

I woke up around 7 full to the brim. My body doesn’t like to wake me up until I’m practically already peeing and most mornings I have a dribbly dash to the toilet. But I’d gone to sleep diapered and with an underpad, so I flooded myself without so much as opening my eyes. (Flood is an appropriate term here. That diap was bursting at the seams).

I took that off and replaced it with a drugstore pull-up (all I have left now) and went back to sleep. Woke up because I got a text about 8:30. I actually had to go again, so I had a slow, controlled wetting that still overwhelmed my pull-up and soaked the underpad.

Wiped up and went freestyle for a bit so I could dial the rotary phone and have a nice big drink.

By 10, though I hadn’t realized I’d been holding it, I was very full. Laid out my supply of beach towels, relaxed and let the floodgates open. This is actually one of the hottest wettings for me- to just let a bursting bladder gush.

It’s only 11 and I’ve been free-peeing in these dinky little pull-ups (gone through 3). Thinking about trying to hold for the last hour until I get to the shower… I’ve had quite a bit to drink though.

Maybe using my diapers in bed instead of getting up to make it to the toilet is a little naughty, but I’m having a great morning.

