Bursting co worker

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2019-04-12 14:47

This  was a story about a co worker of mine. Let'a call him Eric (not his real name). Every year, our work has this out of town meeting with boring meetings and forced socializing . They provide transportation by bus. The bus ride is 2.5 hours long and they don't stop. I was desperate for a urinal by the end of the bus ride, but my poor co-worker barely made it to a urinal on time...

The busses leave at 9am sharp, and Eric was running late, and just made it in time for the busses to leave. Of course, since he was late, he did not have time for a pee break before. In fact, he complained to his friend about needing a to pee about 10 minutes into a 2.5 hour ride.

I tried to ignore the situation because i didn't want people to notice i was enjoying the fact that someone was bursting to pee....

Back to the story, Eric asked the bus driver to make a stop, but yhe bus driver refused. Eric was visibly distressed. He was shifting in his seat and kept looking at his watch. Poor guy had and hour and a half to wait.

It got more and more entertaining from there. 2 hours into the ride, Eric begged the driver to "please just stop by the sode of the road for 2 minutes!", but the bus driver refused since we were almost there.

I had to pee as well, but not nearly as bad as Eric did. The guys sitting near by started to jostle and make fun of him a bit. Someone even offered him an empty bottle. Eric considered peeing in the bottle, but he was too ashamed, because there were ladies on the bus. I wish he had done it...

Any way, when the busses arrived, Eric hurried to find a men's room. He even had to grab himself briefly. I made my way to the men's room casually. I had to pee pretty bad as well, but was very much in control. I went into a stall to pee, to avoid the temptation of watching Eric use the urinal. Poor dude must have been bursting, he had a very relieved but ashamed look on his face as he pissed an outrageous stream at the urinal.

*003*2019-04-14 11:07

{{On 4/12/2019 at 6:53 PM, Wombat48 said:

You weren’t tempted to take the urinal next to him??

}}

I was tempted, which is why i did not.

