I finally witnessed and accident!

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-05-20 02:34

So I was in my fourth hour final, thirty minutes left, even though everyone was done. To my right was a beautiful squirming blonde girl, we will call "Jordan". Jordan was wearing a blue collared shirt and tight khaki pants. She was easily the most attractive girl in the class. I didn't really talk to her though, I mean occasionally we spoke in class but that was the extent of our relationship.

Anyway she commented to her group of friends that she was honestly about to pee her pants. Now that caught my attention. Her friends told her to just go to the bathroom, since the teacher was out. She bluntly refused and said she could make it. So there she was, squirming desperately as the clock ticked down, she kept bringing up how badly she needed to pee, the girls kept urging her to go. She never did. The last ten minutes the teacher came back and she stood up. I thought for sure she was going to go to the bathroom but instead she put both hands in her crotch without sticking them in her pants. I gaped, I was surprised I was the only one noticing this.

So she just stood there fidgeting, dancing, doubling over, till the bell rang. Well then I figured it was over, no wetting. I head to my locker which was on the other side of the campus.

The surprise though, Jordan head the same direction as I did. Rather than go to the bathroom outside of the class, she presumably went to go straight home instead, or at least her next final. So I kept glancing back at the squirming beauty until I finally arrived at my locker. I set my stuff down, opened the lock, was about to empty the contents of the locker and then it happened. I turned and saw her heading towards a stairway and suddenly a dark stain formed on the back of her pants. It ran down the back of her legs as she squeaked sorta. In a few seconds she soaked her pants and had a decent sized puddle beneath her feet. Just like that she took off in a run down the stairs. I was amazed and excited. I wished I could have caught up to her, but she was gone in a heart beat.

*002*2012-05-20 04:20

{{:

I'm glad she didn't go when her friends urged her and ended up peeing her pants. Thanks for the hot story!

}}

You and me both. I was praying she wouldn't:P

*004*2012-05-20 06:04

{{:

WOW! Luck sure was on your side that day. That's crazy that she just so happened to have an accident near you even though you'd already left class. What good timing.

}}

I still can't believe it. I later found out she was heading for her English class to drop off her bag and since my locker is in the English hall (a fact I use to hate) I got to see her bladder finally burst.

*006*2012-05-20 06:25

{{ 

That's what you need. Luck, fate and a persistance. Good job on your first view!

}}

Thank you, I do kinda feel bad for her. She's not conceited, but she has an image she tries to maintain, ya know. I don't think many people saw though, the halls are basically deserted during finals, I checked her facebook page and she seemed like she was in an upbeat mood though so I guess I should just relax and enjoy the memory

*008*2012-05-20 09:54

{{ 

I love it when these situations arise....ive been in a few myself but i will always remember my first...thanks for the story mate

}}

You are quite welcome

