Pregnancy/Labor Desperation

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-07-31 01:48

I went into premature labor with my second son in my 24th week of pregnancy, secondary to an abruption. My then-fiancee took me to the hospital around three in the morning. Because I'd rushed out of the house, and because I was having contractions, I needed to piss desperately by the time we got there. I told the hospital staff, but they told me just to wait until I got upstairs to labor and delivery, because they'd want a urine sample, and they did take me up there pretty quickly. At that point in my life, I don't think I'd ever had to pee so badly before. Immediately, I asked to use the restroom, but again they said no, that it wasn't safe for me to do so. They said they would put a catheter in me because they wanted a clean urine sample, and settled me on the bed where I wiggled and squirmed in front of everyone.

I was in pain, not from the contractions, but from my bladder. I told the doctor and nurse who remained that I was going to pee all over myself in like two minutes, and the nurse helped me take my pants off and finally put the catheter in. But, she only let it drain enough for the necessary sample, and clamped it off. My bladder was cramping worse than the contractions. "I still really need to pee!" I snapped, as they looked at my sample. "Please, it hurts soooo bad!" They relented, and got a big tub and unclamped the cath. "This is the closest you'll ever get to peeing like a man," one of them commented. "I don't care how I'm doing it," I replied, growing faint with relief. "I'm just so glad to get it out of me."

"I'll bet," the nurse said, and smiled. "You really did need to go."

*001*2016-08-01 03:40

And more...

When I was in my first trimester with my first son, I was out driving around with some friends in Dirty Stallis. I don't remember what our destination was, but I really needed to pee, to the point I had to stop at a Burger King to use their restroom, because I wasn't going to make it to wherever we were going, and I very well couldn't pee in the middle of the main thoroughfare, not unless I wanted a ticket, which I did not. So my friend pulled into the lot, and I ran out, and inside and to the ladies' room. 

It wasn't as terrible as I thought it would be, but I was in a predicament all the same, I was wearing guy's khaki JNCO overalls, and a red pullover Marlboro hoodie over that, and a black jacket liner over that. I thought I was going to completely piss myself before I got all the layers off, but fortunately, I didn't...well, okay, my underwear did get a little wet. As I sat peeing, and squeezing my wet undies between a thick handful of toilet paper to dry them as well as I could, I looked on the floor, and found $20, sweet.

Later, in the summer, when I was about five months pregnant, some friends and I planned to go on a hike, and up a "mountain"...not sure if it was an abandoned landfill, or ski hill, or what, but it sure was steep, but this is about the start of the journey, not the end. I prepped for the hike with plenty of water and Gatorade, possibly a little too much, because I was bouncing in the driver's seat by the time we finally got to the parking lot. 

One of my friends teased me about how pregnant girls always needed to pee while I whined and tried to get control of it long enough to at least get on the trail, and someone else threatened to tickle me, and I said "Don't you fucking dare!" as I potty danced in the lot while they took forever to grab what they needed. I felt just the smallest gush escape and wet the crotch of my underwear, and the insides of my tightly held together thighs. "Oh, fuck this!" I cried, and dashed into the woods, already lowering my shorts. I grabbed a tree trunk for balance, and exploded before I could even get all way crouched down. Luckily, I did manage not to pee on my shorts, but my friends were all laughing at me.

*003*2016-08-01 04:33

{{39 minutes ago, MagicMike123 said:

Great posts, very nice as well as interesting. The first one with the catheter literally seems like it could be out of a fiction story, very hot, I wouldn't even be able to imagine what it would've been like, but still very nice. It's funny how even after childhood, people will still make fun of you if you need to pee, and also tickling and things of the like, I just suppose it's one of those things a lot of people never quite grow out of doing. Amazing stories as usual, keep up the awesome work!

}}

Definitely not fiction...I've had some weird experiences peeing in hospitals; the rest of the time I was there, a whole week, I had to use a bedpan, gross.

