My first wetting experience!

Author: MaddyTheKitty

*000*2021-12-16 01:45

Hello there everyone! I have returned again with a new story. Let me once again get the introduction out of the way in case you don't know who I am. I am an average girl, 5'6", 180 pounds, and I have a pretty chubby belly. I was wearing my usual clothes, trans kitty t-shirt, elastic ish sweatpants, and my dark blue panties. Once again I was being told how much to drink and when by the marvelous @Alice Ivy

.

Now this day didn't start like any usual day, as I woke up at 7:00 AM knowing what my task was. Before going to bed last night, Alice told me what to do in my waking hours. She told me to drink 500 ml of water by the end of the hour, and then to drink a whole monster by the end of the next. I was concerned about the monster, due to it being 500 ml of pure caffeine, but she assured me I'd be all right. She was out shopping for Christmas gifts, but was hoping to be back by the time I was done drinking the monster. So, I got up, used the restroom, did my morning routine, and filled my bottle with water. I sat down, knowing that I would wet myself very quickly with how much Alice was having me drink, and was already horny in anticipation. I began drinking, taking a few sips every five to ten minutes, feeling it go through my stomach, and into my bladder. It was cold water, and I didn't know at the time but this would be one of my biggest mistakes.

Finishing the bottle near the end of the hour, I opened my monster, and began drinking that. Now I wasn't that desperate yet, at a simple 1 out of 10 on the scale, but little did I know it would ramp up very quickly. As I began drinking the monster, I was messaging Alice on Discord and was telling her how I was feeling. We were simply chatting as I didn't feel all that different, and I was casually waiting for her to get home so we could call and play some Minecraft. Halfway through the hour, we got onto the topic of traffic, and my monster was still pretty full. I got distracted for most of this time and ended up having to chug most of my monster to finish it before the end of the hour.

Now, it's 9 AM. I've drunk 500 ml of water, and 500 ml of monster. I'm still feeling around a 2 out of 10 when I hear my dad walk down the stairs through my door. He did his usual morning routine which involves making a huge pot of coffee so I told Alice that I had just heard my dad make the coffee, and she told me to go get my normal cup and drink that before the end of the hour. So, I listened like a good kitty and went out to the kitchen and grabbed my cup. I filled it up mostly with coffee and then poured the creamer in. As I started walking back to my room, my bladder started to feel a little more full, especially since I'm walking past the bathroom every time I go out.

Once I get back into my room and set my cup down, me and Alice get into a voice call on Discord and we launch Minecraft. She asked me how big the coffee cup was and I said that it could contain roughly 500 ml. Now coffee normally doesn't have to make me pee but little did I know that this cup would absolutely ruin me. I took my normal sips every few minutes and went about our world doing normal activities like working on a mob farm, mining Netherite, etc. However, as the middle of the hour hit I felt the coffee start doing its thing. My desperation instantly shot up to a 5 out of 10 and I could really feel my bladder starting to fill up with each drink. It was so bad that I couldn't focus on anything I was doing in Minecraft and started playing Quaver, a rhythm game.

With my coffee cup being only half empty and there being approximately 20 minutes left in the hour, I had to start drinking. Now you may be wondering why I don't just disobey Alice and not finish my drink? Well, I asked her what would happen and she said she would make me drink more in a shorter amount of time. I knew that if this were to happen, I would last only a few minutes. So after playing a few songs on Quaver I went ahead and chugged my coffee. Now feeling very very full at about a 6 out of 10 Alice told me what I was going to do next.

Alice told me that by the end of the hour I had to finish another 500 ml of water. I knew it as much as she did that this was most likely the end for me. Now at the amount of liquid that I had taken on Monday, I was about to exceed that. At this point I was so conscious of my need to urinate in that nice toilet that I could sit on and let everything out, I couldn't even play anything. Alice shared her screen on discord and showed me what she was up to on the Minecraft server while I took sips from my bottle every few minutes.

This is where things really shot up however as I almost instantly went up to a 7 out of 10 with my legs bouncing, my hands not knowing where to go, and my mind constantly thinking about my extreme need to pee. Not knowing what to do I did the only thing I could think of which was drink more. An obvious mistake I couldn't think about at the time I chugged 250 ml from my bottle and left 150. Alice, noticing that I was very bouncy and constantly moving my hands around, asked what I was at and I told her I was at an 8 out of 10, constantly going up and down between 7, 8, and 9.

I finished the bottle 20 minutes into the hour and was bouncing worse than Monday. I moved my camera to a better angle for Alice and waited, knowing I was inevitably going to wet myself as Alice said I couldn't use the restroom no matter how hard I begged. Now I really couldn't think about anything other than my extremely full bladder at this point and Alice knew this. So she sent me a YouTube video of a waterfall, trying to get me to wet myself. I listened to it for 2 minutes like she said and then stopped it still going between the three numbers on the scale.

At this point all I could think about was just releasing my bladder and soaking myself in pee, but I couldn't do it. Alice decided to take matters into her own hands and make me do the 1 2 3 4 5. I didn't know what this was so she explained it. She said, "People call this different things, but basically you push for 1 second, then stop, push for 2, then stop, and keep going. And if you fail to stop, you go back down to 1 and retry." Now knowing my fate was sealed with pee soaking my panties, I listened and started pushing for 1 second then stopping. I continued doing this all the way up to 8 where when I hit 6 my bladder contracted and I couldn't push anymore.

I told Alice this, and she said try holding your breath as it normally helps. So I did, and it worked as I got all the way up to 14 before the first bit of pee came out. It felt so good feeling it run down my side that I went again, pushing for 15 now and then trying to stop. I was counting in my head when I got to 11 and it started pouring out of me. I kept going till 15 and tried stopping it and succeeded. So I continued to 16, and this is when everything went downhill. I got to 11 again and it started pouring out... 12... 13... 14... 15... 16... oh no... I can't stop it. No matter how hard I tried the pee just came out and soaked my panties on camera for Alice to see. All I could feel was the warm urine pooling around my waist and flowing down my back, legs, and crotch. It felt so good that I couldn't stop it even if I tried.

I kept letting go, obviously wanting to empty my bladder, and soaking my panties even more. Alice was checking in to make sure I was ok and was surprised that I had that much to let go of. I was still going for a while in my mind but it ended up being 2 minutes of peeing. Alice reminded me what to do after wetting myself, and like a good kitty does, I listened. I hopped into the shower and brought my panties and towel with me, turned on the water and the second it hit my stomach the rest of my bladder emptied. I couldn't stop it even if I wanted to.

This experience was so good especially because Alice has "taken away" my ability to cum, and made me edge for 6 days now. Once again I would like to thank you for reading, and I hope that you had a nice experience reading it, as I did experiencing it. Thanks again to @Alice Ivy for being my dom, and for being such a dang meanie >:c.

