Boyfriend made me pee

Author: Donuts are omo

*000*2015-11-23 00:17

Hey guys! it's been a while since I've been able to post and I had password trouble.

If you've seen my last post then you should know who my boyfriend Jayden is.

Last Friday November 20th Jayden and I were hanging out with eachother as Friday's are our party night, We were going to have some friends come over but they were at their friends houses. We had a lot of beer and water so we had to go to the bathroom multiple times. We only have one bathroom which can be a hassle because we are always having to go. After drinking a ton of beer ( Don't remember how many I was drunk as hell) I was starting to get desperate, I don't know why but Jayden was in the bathroom for atleast an hour. I saw he brought his phone in which that means he's gonna be in there awhile because he always get addicted to his game and not worrying about wiping.

At this point I was a 7/10 and climbing. I asked him if he could hurry up and he said " Be out in a minute!" Of course 15 minutes later he hasn't came out yet and could hear gun shots and typing from his phone. Another wave kicked in to my bladder and I was dancing and holding my crotch. I felt like a 9/10. I leaked a little bit and there was a small wet spot on my jeans. My crotch was feeling some pain. I rubbed and rubbed and rubbed. I leaked a little more and the wet patch grew. Jayden was still in the bathroom as I told him to " Hurry the hell up I'm about to wet myself!" All I heard was a quiet giggle and some more typing.

My bladder was starting to throb. All I could do was stand where I was and hold my pussy. My panties were wet and the wet patch getting bigger. It was another 10 minutes to where I reached my limit. My wee hole opened and pee starting gushing out from my bladder it took atleast a minute to fully empty myself. Half an hour later my boyfriend came out of the bathroom laughing. We both had some fun through the whole experience. We listened to some music and at went upstairs to change and take a shower.

Jayden better watch out because I'll get some revenge on him...

Bye guys and stay omo!

