I peed in my pants as a kid (part 2)

Author: scinosensation

*000*2016-05-10 09:01

This story is the second in a series of several. I had a broken collarbone that after it had been set came out and made walking very painful and made my right arm useless. I am right handed. I had not gone to the bathroom since morning and it was late afternoon. After bringing my three younger sisters, 10, 8 and 6, home from school my mother had said she was too tired to help me go to the bathroom so I peed in my pants. 

After my mother changed my pants I stayed in bed until dinner time. I spent the time thinking about what it was like to pee in my pants. Certainly I was humiliated that my younger sisters all saw me with wet pants but when my bladder got so full that I could not control it the pain was almost unbearable but when I lost control the feeling was amazing, much better than just easing the pain. And while my mother was changing my pants I felt more caring and affection from her than I could ever remember. In the end I decided to hold it until I could not control my bladder; I decided to wet my pants again.

When dinner time came my mother helped me out of bed and I went to the dinner table. I drank my glass of milk and ate my bowl of soup. My mother helped me back into bed then told me not to tell my sisters that she brought me a soft drink to drink in bed. Then she started getting my sisters ready for bed and saw that my sisters who had homework were doing it. As I was laying in bed even before I finished the soft drink I was surprised that my bladder was full enough that I would be waiting for a bathroom to be free. Long before my sisters were in bed my bladder was beginning to be painful. It then rapidly was almost as painful as it had been when I wet my pants in the afternoon.

One of my sisters was fussing with my mother when the pressure in my bladder suddenly increased and I got the amazing feeling I wanted and felt warmth at my crotch which I was able to stop spreading. Had my mother checked on me she would have found I had peed in my pants. I did everything I could to get out of bed so I would not wet my bed. By the time I was sitting on the edge the pressure in my bladder suddenly increased again and I felt warmth at my crotch spreading to my butt. I stood up as quickly as I could and check and found that at least my bed was not wet. I finished my soft drink. The pressure in my bladder again increased very suddenly and I again got the amazing feeling as warmth spread from my crotch down my legs and a puddle formed on the floor. Only then did I called to my mother for help. She was still dealing with my sisters and said to wait a few minutes.

When she came she saw my wet pants and her faced turned bright and asked why I didn't get help sooner. I said she was busy with my sisters. She took off my wet pants and undies and got towels and wash cloths to clean me then she helped me lay down on the bed. Again I felt such care and affection form her that I had not felt before. She put dry undies and my PJ's on me. Again I got the sense she was fantasizing that she was putting me in diapers. I was a little surprised she did not help me to use the bathroom and I did not ask. I was certain I had not fully emptied my bladder.

She turned out the light and told me to go to sleep.

Again although the full bladder was painful the amazing feeling of release as I lost control, and the feeling of caring and affection from her I knew I was going to wet my pants again.

