Train pee

Author: Soaqueen

*000*2017-03-14 23:11

Today, I had to go to Paris (I live in the suburbs) to buy fabric for a dress. So I went to the "marché St Pierre", next to Montmartre, after having lunch with a friend.

I have a pretty poor bladder, so I often wet my panties.

When I left home, I already needed to pee a little. I thought I would make it to my friend's very little flat, but I had to wait 1 hour before beeing there.

It was in the middle of the day so the train was almost empty. I was wearing a short black dress, and when I felt I was about to pee, I raised my dress so I sat directly on the seat. I was holding my crotch, trying not to wet myself, but a stream escaped in my panties. Then I knew it was too late. An other stream escaped, and an other, and an other... each one longer than the previous one. My panties were soaked, and I could feel the growing wetness of the seat under my legs.

I finally managed to stop it, but the seat was soaked and there was a little puddle under it I was ashamed, but hopefully there was not witness. I stayed there, in my pee, until I arrived at the station. Then I got up, and some drops ran along my legs. I could feel my wet underwears and I liked it. But I was hoping my friend won't notice my accident. And she didn't!

Between the station and her tiny flat, I was almost dry.

I enjoyed this, but I don't really like pering on the train's seat. It's not very polite. But it was an accident !

I hope you enjoyed this too!

*003*2017-03-15 06:57

Of course it's a bit an ideal situation. That's maybe why I had such an accident ^_^

And yes I did it to my friend's :-)

