Car desperation with garage wetting (pics)

Author: desperationman87

*000*2022-02-10 01:04

Hey everyone! So, I was at my barber for my monthly haircut and beard trim today. For context, they are one of those fancy places with an open bar during your service. Anyway, I accidentally arrived 30 minutes early and decided to have a beer. When my appointment started (30 minutes after I arrived), I finished my first beer and was served another. My haircut normally takes about 30 minutes and my beard trim another 30. In between the two services they brought me a third (and final beer). Towards the end of my beard trim, I could feel my need to pee was pretty strong and decided that I definitely needed to use the bathroom before my drive home.

When we finished up, I went to the front to pay and the cashier took the opportunity to try and upsell me on all of the new products they had in stock. It took all of my power to resist holding myself and doing the potty dance right in front of her. When I finally convinced her that I was not interested, I settled out and started walking to the bathroom. That's when she called my name and informed me that the bathroom was being deep cleaned and sanitized and wouldn't be available for about 20 minutes. I thought that maybe I could hold it that long, but my house was also 20 minutes away. I decided to take my chances and go home to pee.

Getting into my truck and sitting quickly informed me that I may not make it home in time. The pressure of sitting and then the seat belt was torture on my bladder. I was squirming and holding myself but also trying to concentrate on the road since traffic was just building for the evening commute. About 5 minutes into my drive home, I started to feel the familiar spasms that are usually precursors to leaks. Sure enough, a minute or two later I felt a warm jet escape into my boxer briefs and get absorbed into my jean shorts. The loss of control lasted about 3 seconds and there as a wet spot on the front of my shorts about the size of a tennis ball. 

The leak didn't help my need at all and I still needed to go badly. About 5 minutes from home, I started to feel dribbles and decided that instead of losing all control, I would try another long leak. As I let go I immediately knew it was a mistake. I was peeing myself with a strong stream for about 5 seconds before I was able to slow it to a light trickle. As I pulled up to my house, I could see my neighbor in her yard raking. I new I was about to lose all control so I opened the garage, waved to her, and parked my truck in the garage.

I sat there, dribbling into my pants as I waited for the door to close. as soon as it did, I couldn't hold it any more and started having an accident. As the flood gates opened, I jumped out of the truck and completely peed my shorts and socks in my garage. I barely had time to kick off my shoes as I was wetting myself. The relief felt so amazing that I uncontrollably came into my shorts as well while standing there. I snapped a few quick pictures for you lovely people before throwing my wet clothes into the wash and drying the floor with a towel.

Anyway, below are the pictures and I hope you've enjoyed hearing about my accident!

$$

$$

$$

