Leaking while coming from work [Video + Pics]

Author: ashishgamer

*000*2018-12-06 14:36

So I wet myself today after a long time. I drank a lot of water before leaving work but went straight to the toilet to pee after that. Foolish me... As if that's gonna work. Obviously the water was still waiting to go to my bladder. I go home with a friend on his motor bike. So I waited for him for 15-20 mins and as soon as I sat on his bike I felt it - the familiar feeling in my abdomen. It was a 40 minute ride and obviously I wasn't going to stop him in the way just so I could take a leak. Like who can't hold his pee for 40 minutes? Apparently, it's me. I can't. All the way I was holding myself down there because one down side of sitting on a bike is that you can't even bring your legs together. It wasn't helping much but it still gave me the confidence that I could hold.

It's s 5 minute walk from the place he drops me off to my home. It is a pretty isolated place so I thought that I would just pee as soon as I got off. However, all this holding myself had given me some other naughty ideas. I decided to hold it till I got home and then wet myself as it had been so long. That 5 minute walk to my home was so uncomfortable. It hurt so much down there, it's like the pee was at the tip and about to come out.

But since I was walking so fast there was no way I could let go. I even tried it once when I was close to my home - letting go a little bit while walking. Nothing happened. But because of trying this, when reached the elevator and was waiting for it to arrive, I felt a few drops come out impulsively. It started to hurt even more so I relaxed a bit and I let out a huge spurt. I felt the droplets running down the inside of my right leg. If it wasn't for the 2 guys who got into the elevator with me, I sure would have wet myself then and there. But I held it in with the last strength I had left, reached my home, threw my pants on the bed, took out my phone, went into the toilet and wet through my underwear.

P.S I am so sorry for the bad lighting - I was really desperate and didn't really notice that. Idk if you can notice that or not but my undies were pretty wet already. To compensate for that, I have included some pics of how it looked afterwards.

VID_20181206_193429.mp4

(Idk why the video won't attach in the player)

VID_20181206_193429.mp4

*005*2018-12-09 04:31

{{3 hours ago, miss_mimi said:

Humm its very hot!! its was a very good idea to waited till you got home for wet yourself

}}

Lol not like I had much option xD

