Bath Desperation

Author: melontakeout

*000*2017-12-31 09:00

Ok so it’s my first time posting on here ! I’ve been lurking on this site for too long, but I’m finally going to share a story. This was written in real time — I feel as if that helps me to capture exactly what I was feeling at that moment. Please give me any feedback on the “in the moment writing”, some was written as recollection so I understand it may be confusing. Also, feedback on my writing is always welcome, I’ve never done this before and writing isn’t my forte.

As a forward, I’m a 25 year old male with a small build. (5ft 5 and 130 lbs) It’s cold today and I’m wearing gray boxers, black jeans and a coat.

6 pm — I just got off of work, feeling the need to go a little bit. At work I had drank two large waters, about 20 oz each, as well as two iced coffees about 16 oz each. I have been “holding” since about 4pm. I have a MASSIVE BLADDER and it takes a while for me to get desperate. This is the time where “I would usually look for a bathroom”. I really debated going before I took the bus home from work, as I’ve never been into public holding (too damn anxious) but I’m feeling really brave today!

6:30 pm — Caught the bus, it’s fairly crowded. My goal is to finish my water bottle (about 16 oz) before I get home. I’ve drank only a few sips and I’m already feeling it ALOT. Bad news, considering the bus ride can take up to an hour if I’m unlucky. Slowing down on the water bottle for now.

6:45 pm— Really hating my jeans right now. They dig into my bladder and create intense pressure. Still haven’t touched the water bottle. The desperation is tolerable for now, but I’m worried for when I need to stand up for the 5-10 minute walk home. I keep repositioning myself and I hope no one has noticed anything. Considering trying to make it all the way home and do a desperation challenge. I love a good challenge. I’m at a 6/7 out of 10, the feeling fluctuates.

7:00 pm — Turns out because of my jeans, sitting makes it worse ! Great !!

7:15 pm — The feeling subsided, so I’m chugging my water. On the last stretch home, so I feel confident that I can make it.

7:30 pm — I just got off the bus and I am walking home. Standing and walking makes it so much more difficult. As I walk I bounce from foot to foot and sometimes cross my legs. No one is outside and I’m tempted to hold myself.

7:40 pm — right before I open the door of my apartment, I get a call from my boyfriend. He just got off of work. I’m fumbling with holding the phone and unlocking the door, my legs smushed together tightly. Though I am open with my boyfriend about my fetish, I’m still pretty shy about it and I like to keep my wettings and holds secret. (Also kind of makes it more fun.) I frantically tell him I’ll see him soon, my body shivering from the pressure in my abdomen. I rock back and forth on my heels in front of the door, finally getting the stubborn key to work with me and tumbling inside. Once inside I rush to the bathroom with laptop in hand, ready to take on a challenge.

7:50 — I take off my coat and pants, sitting in my boxers and a T shirt. I’m sitting on the bathroom floor and I can’t take my hands off of my dick. I’m rocking back and forth and smushing my thighs together. I’m about 5 minutes into the challenge (and therefor have drank at least one and half glasses of water from the challenge alone) and I’m already at a 8/10. I turn on the bathwater to make it more difficult for myself (and so I can wash myself off afterwards) the sound of the water hitting the tub makes me tremble.

8:15 — I’m proud of lasted this long! The pressure is intense and I can feel the pee pushing against my urethra. I have leaked a few times, but ultimately held back the flood. My legs are shaking and i have to keep them pressed together at all times. I’ve ignored the challenge at this point, just focusing on not wetting myself on the bathroom floor.

8:30 — I’m shivering, ready to give up. I can feel the pee push out of my body, a leak appearing on my boxers. I’m about to open the floodgates, when I hear the front door open. My boyfriend is home. I bite my lip and hold back everything I can, leaks still making their way out. I fumble with my shirt and boxers, stripping and quickly jumping into the now full tub. The picture of innocence. Definitely NOT participating in fetish things at this moment. My boyfriend, as expected, comes to see me. I sit in the bath, the water lapping against my stomach, making the hold even harder. I want to squirm and wiggle to hold it in, but with him present I just clench my fists and let the waves of pleasure pulse through me. He comes in, telling me about his day. I had hoped he would be in and out quickly, but he sits on the lidded toilet, physically and metaphorically blocking me from my release.

I want to just let it out in the tub, but I don’t know how hydrated I am and I don’t want him to know I’m peeing in the bath. I feel a leak make its way out of the tip of my dick and I put my hand over it, hoping he hasn’t noticed. He continues talking, leaving me in the clear. Another leak slips out. It feels so good. I bite my lip. I let a longer leak out, glancing down to make sure there is no yellow making itself apparent. My boyfriend continues talking with me as I empty my bladder in increments. Stopping the stream once it starts is difficult and leaves me shivering, but he doesn’t notice and it seems to be working.

He stands up from the lidded toilet and I have been able to empty about 4 spurts, still very full and wanting to release now more than ever. My bladder resolve crumbles and I completely let go, pissing directly into the water. Thankfully, since I was so hydrated you can’t see any of my stream within the bathwater, and he is none the wiser. He washes his hands and goes to make dinner, and I’m left pissing myself in the bathwater, the release being enough to make me shut my eyes and quietly moan. After I finish a long and WELL DESERVED pee I drain the water and shower off, feeling warm and content.

*004*2018-01-02 03:23

{{16 hours ago, ~ArcticFoxxo~ said:

Not only is the excellent for a first time, but it is probably one of the hottest stories on this site. It's a shame your boyfriend isn't into it.

}}

Thanks!! He's actually pretty into it, we've actually done some D/S stuff that involves it and he seems to like it! I'm still a little shy though, so sometimes I do things like this haha.

*005*2018-01-02 03:24

{{7 hours ago, Uniee said:

I,literally can’t hold when in the bath.. it’s the warmth I think

}}

The wetness and sound makes it super difficult, but also more fun. Gotta love a good challenge.

