The day I left my wet pants in the sanitary bin of a public toilet

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-11-01 00:27

I was in my early twenties. I had just failed my final term at university due to an awful final placement and blagged my way into a new job at a children’s soft play centre. It was my second week on the job and although I was loving it I wasn’t impressed at the management and more importantly the lack of staffing. Getting a break was like gold dust and shifts were 9 hours long.

I do recall the morning hadn’t been so busy and I had managed to have one earlier break in the day to have something to eat and drink but the afternoon had two back to back children’s parties which I was lead staff member for and with each party being two hours long that was four hours without a break. Because the building was warm we were allowed to drink during shifts and I carried bottles of water with me all day.

It never occurred to me because I was so busy that four hours without even a loo break and lots of water was a very bad combination!

The first half of the parties the children played on the equipment. I was the qualified first aided on site which meant I had to be watching at all times. Also with up to 150 kids allowed in at once you had to be around the equipment all the time to keep everyone safe. It was great exercise!

Both parties were big with over twenty kids. I recall the first one going well with all meals ordered correctly and all the kids happy. By the time the kids went to the party room for food, games and cake I recall starting to feel the need to pee but I had over two hours left with no chance of a break so I just forgot about it.

As I signed the first children out as parents arrived to collect them the next party group were already at the desk waiting! No chance of a quick pee break for me!

I was now in behind the counter ticking names of party kids and taking food orders. I had my kegs crossed and the party was just starting!

I kept really busy and the parents had a number of requests for me which meant sitting at a table with them bouncing my knee longing for five mins to nip to the loo! They bought me a mug of tea which, while I was very grateful, was also worrying me by now too.

Thankfully the work ‘uniform’ of a jogging suit and t-shirt means I could at least move freely to help me hold.

I notified other members of staff that I was just going to set the party room up as the parents wanted a certain table cloth and cups/plates etc all set up. Although the staff room was upstairs in the mezzanine area alas the only toilets were downstairs and I had no access to them. Upstairs, alone, with privacy I set the room up with one hand almost always between my legs. I was so bursting and had been holding at this point for over an hour and a half. I was pee dancing around willing the next 45 mins to go super quick so I didn’t have an accident. Anyone seeing me would have known very obviously that I was utterly dying to wee!

Except I had no way of going!

I tannoyed for the party kids to line up and brought them upstairs trying to hide the fact their party hostess was bursting for the toilet very badly!

I tried to hide it by dancing along with the kids to musical statues and moving around all the time. By the time the food arrived and I had given them all out I was frantic. If only I could just nip downstairs and run to the loo! I was terrified the parents would complain though. I had to pour out juice for 30 children and as I was pouring I recall leaking a bit in my knickers. I had to stand still or the juice would spill but my muscles ached with holding so much.

I sat down in a corner as the children ate and the family were preoccupied with photos etc. I discreetly held myself as best I could almost in tears at how bad I had to pee.

My next job was to light candles and bring the cake in. I HAD to stand still for that and I was dreading it. Just as I was sat with very tight crossed legs and my hand between them the mum came over and asked if I would mind if she carried the cake to her daughter. I was so relieved! So I lit the candles and sat back down with my kegs crossed, my hands between my legs holding my pussy and rocking as happy birthday was sung. Once the cake was back on the table I had to cut the cake and bag 30 slices to out into party bags. I seriously could not stand still for a second and by now I think it would have been blatantly obvious that I was very eager to use a bathroom very urgently. However, ever the professional, I carried on, knowing as soon as the kids left I would be racing to the ladies!

Thankfully once the kids had party bags they started heading back downstairs to be collected. This meant I could go back to the front desk where I had a bit more privacy behind a desk on all four sides of me. There was another member of staff there letting kids in and out for the centre but enough room for a few people there thankfully. With one hand now between my legs again I could feel I was a little wet already with leaks and I longed to let more out. My urethra was pounding for release! I HAD to pee.

Thankfully my male colleague was too distracted with the constant stream of people to notice I was holding myself at the reception of a soft play centre in broad daylight! As the final child’s parents arrived to collect them I was dripping slowly and steadily into my knickers as I was ever close to the tap opening fully right where I stood. Just as I was about to unlock the reception door to let myself out for the loo my manager came rushing round from the kitchen saying they had run out of milk and handed me a five pound note and asked me to run next door to the supermarket ‘urgently’ as there was a queue of people wanting tea and coffee!

I was about to beg her to let me use the ladies first but she stood there clearly waiting for me to go to the supermarket right then and there. I had no choice. I ran out the centre and into the supermarket next door while all the time leaking more pee into my pants. I ran into Morrison’s and straight to the bathrooms but as I was pulling my joggers down my pee torrent started and I sat on the toilet pan peeing forever right through my knickers. Once I was finished I wiped myself, removed my pants and put them in the sanitary bin and pulled my joggers back up. I washed my hands, bought milk quickly and ran back to work to finish my shift knickerless.

Thankfully I don’t make a habit of wetting my pants and leaving them in public sanitary bins but that day I had no choice!

*004*2018-11-02 23:12

Thank you so much for such lovely replies. I will write up more experiences when I can.

*007*2018-11-04 14:14

{{9 hours ago, blasseroz said:

I hate to take pleasure from another's distress, but this story is the full she-bang!

}}

Thank out and i very much enjoyed not thr experience myself so no need to feel guilt at my distress

*011*2018-11-06 22:01

{{1 hour ago, peedespes02 said:

That a very hot story here. You had to go bad and made it. Keep posting more stories.

}}

I will. Plenty more to come

*014*2020-08-08 00:02

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

Wow so glad someone pointed out this story. I live all your stories (fiction and real experiences) but had not seen this before and it is incredible! You did so well keeping waiting and waiting and if you hadn’t been made to go to the supermarket then maybe you’d have not needed to throw away your knickers even so it was a private accident so no harm done and no embarrassment so well done

}}

I really enjoyed reading it again and remembering it too

*016*2020-09-30 12:32

{{2 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

Just read this again and loved it, still one of my favourite stories ever. I really need to piss right now and reading this has made me so hard!

}}

You know that’s made my day...both you enjoying my experience AND the fact you did so whilst desperate to piss yourself. Your stories are what brought me here and I reread them often (and they have the same effect on me) so thank you...

And I hope that piss was amazing when you finally went!

