Train journey hold

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-11-01 21:11

Hello everyone!

I've put a tag on these posts as "going to see had" - which means stories from my journey/stay with HomeandDry, so if you're interested you can keep track!

HaD lives quite far from me, 158 miles to be exact. I'm sure anyone from the US will scoff at my silliness, but seeing as it's only 482 miles to the other end of the country, well, it's a large chunk of ye olde Britannia.

I've been before on the coach, but it was a lot pricier this time, and HaD due to the nature of his employment managed to get me cheap travel tickets.

This cheap travel involved 4 trains going across London. Anyway. I had an e-ticket for the first train, and my mum had dropped me off insanely early because my brother wanted a lift somewhere afterwards, so I was a good hour early if not more. The ticket man wouldn't let me through because he thought i'd try and bag the earlier train that had been delayed, which was annoying, so I went over to starbucks instead, and had a grande caramel coffee frapuccino like the hipster I am, even though it was cold, and also bought a bottle of water.

I used the loo here at 1520ish and went to the station.

A different guard let me in and made sure I knew which train to get, because who knew there were 9 million trains per hour to London Waterloo!? I sat around people watching, helping a girl crying after saying goodbye to her bf and telling another the best way to get to the airport being the all-round good citizen that I am.

The first journey is roughly an hour and a half, I sat sipping, and decided to see how long I could hold throughout my journey, banking on check points being accessible in numerous stations and on the trains. I got into London at 1740ish and started to worry slightly, as I needed to be on the other side of London for the 1826 train, and I'd not made this journey before. I went as quickly as I could down to the tube, but the platform was packed, and I had to wait for the next one to come along. I felt the tiniest of alarms from my bladder as it began to wake up, and I was amused by the idea of a struggle on my journey.

I got on the first train I could and was sardined in with a bunch of people. I got off and had to wait AGAIN for another train to fill up at my second underground connection before I could get on and then got super wedged in. I was doing okay with the desperation but it was seriously warm on the tube and with all those people that I was getting really thirsty really fast.

Eventually I got off at the other side of London and went straight to the depatures board. There was a lovely - next to where the platform should be displayed so I hurriedly messaged HaD asking if he knew, he reckoned platform 2, which was really far away and I had only about 10 minutes to get on. I did the extremely fast "I don't care for your tourism get out the way" walk to the platforms 1,2,3 and 4, and saw my train ready to depart on platform 4, the ticket guy barely looked at my ticket and waved us on through and I got on with 1 entire minute to spare, at the very back of the train.

Some northern biddies were arguing about the reservation system so I out of breath explained that it was only reserved after a certain stop as it said plain as day on the panel above the seats. The man I sat next to asked if I was okay, and I assured him I was I just had to run to make all my connections.

I then sat and finally got to drink water, I put on my headphones for another hour of journey. The need was definitely there but I knew I could hold it for a long time more than this.

Throughout the journey it did get more apparent, but it was also warm and I was really conscious of annoying the nice man next to me and removing my coat. I was wearing a coat and a thin jumper as well as a t-shirt, and I kept rustling about sorting out the multitude of tickets and finding my headphones and stuff. So I kept drinking my water, I'd say it was about half empty by the time I got there, and HaD was waiting for me on the platform, at around 1940ish

I gave him a weird "I have a heavy backpack" hug and we went to the car, we did the normal pleasantries and then I said

"I haven't piddled since Southampton"

Now HaD is never all that expressive, but he seemed please by that statement, even though it was extremely immediate, as I was now most definitely feeling the urge.

We got back to his where we waited for a bit before we'd have to go and pick up his wife and daughter. Before we left he asked me if I needed to use the facilities and I very strongly told him "no".

I was nowhere near my limit, and now was with a real life omo friend, who would I be to say yes at this stage haha!?

Anyway, we went and came back, put his daughter to bed, and me him and his wife chatted until pretty late, around 2330 I imagine. Throughout the night I was sat on the corner sofa with HaD where we each had a side, and his wife was sat on the comfy chair, which meant that HaD could more than likely see my shifting and bouncing, and leg shaking, and re-adjusting as the night wore on. I could feel my bladder pressing into my trousers, which is normally unusual for me.

Eventually it got late enough that bed seemed a good idea. His wife went up first and HaD and I let the dogs out, who were scared due to fireworks and wouldn't go to the bathroom. I was struggling to stand up now, and stand still, having to lean on chairs/fences for support and doing my signature one foot atop the other move.

He went next to get ready and I went up into the room I was staying in and waited. I got changed into my pyjamas and such and was hopping about holding myself tightly with one hand, until he finally left the bathroom. My bladder was heavy and I could feel my pulse. He walked up and said goodnight through the door, and I waited for him to be in his room before I hurriedly stepped into the bathroom.

I had to go so badly it took a long time, it barely made any noise and was just a slow stream that barely offered relief. eventually my bladder shrunk down to normal size and I could pee more normally, but it still took ages! I then brushed my teeth and went to sleep feeling immensely relieved.

The next day brought more adventures, which I will soon share!

Thanks for reading

EQ x

*003*2016-11-02 17:50

{{20 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Ah the wonders of London at rush hour! But that's some pretty epic holding, at least 8 hours if my maths is right? nice going!

}}

I'm not sure, I have the maths skills of an accountant, so none :P It felt like an age though!

{{12 hours ago, WetDave said:

I'm sure many people must have wet themselves on the tube, with the lack of toilets and occasional long delays. Well done for holding it. It must have been quite something to have seen you afterwards subtly squirming and trying not to show your desperation.

Can't wait for the next episode!

}}

Next episode coming soon! And yes, add alcohol into that mix and there must be a fair amount of omo related incidents!

