Leaking in Class

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-08-31 22:05

So, this occured in kindergarten, during arts and crafts time. We were asked to draw our favorite animal, nothing too major. We had been split among the larger tables so each of us would have a bit more space to doodle in than sat on the rugged floor (as in the floor was covered with a rug, not that it coarse or really tough.) It was a Thursday, and the school had decided that Thursday would be a free dress day, meaning we wouldn't have to wear the uniform khakis and jumpers+skirts (girls were required to wear these until around fourth grade if memory serves, I don't really recall when that transition occurred.) This excited practically everyone, as free dress days were really only reserved for special events like Spirit Week or holidays.

On this particular Free Dress day, I was wearing my attire of a pair of dark blue jeans, some velcro sneakers, and a fresh T-Shirt that I believe had Spiderman on it. While I was drawing (and might I add, to this day, I'm not that good an artist) a wolf, as they were, and still are, some of my favorite animals, I felt a familiar shifting in my bladder. My pencil stopped, as I put it down. Now, you might wonder, for those of you who had read my previous experiences, why I didn't just let go into my diaper. Well, that was because mine was already quite soaked, and I hadn;t had the opportunity to change into the spare in my bag.

I placed a hand against the crotch of my pants, my diaper giving off a muffled squish as I did so. I shifted in my seat a bit, knowing that if I did go then and there, I'd leak, and I didn;t know how much would leak out. Pressing a hand against the crotch of my jeans, I looked around for the teacher (Who, as of this writing, is now the assistant principal), and because I honestly cannot recall how to properly spell her surname, let's call her Mrs. S. I saw her talking to one of my classmates about her drawing and, knowing a simple raised hand probably wouldn't get her attention that quickly, I held up the "Bathroom emergency" hand sign that was printed out on a piece of paper clipped to the whiteboard, ergo, raising your hand, but crossing the index and middle fingers together.

Seeing this, Mrs. S let me go to the bathroom. Letting out a few dribbles into my damp padding, I sped off towards the bathroom. I knew I probably wouldn't make it in time to get my jeans off, and untape my diaper, at least without anyone seeing my soaked padding (And no, at this current time, I was not wearing Pull-Ups), I at least wanted to pee myself in relative privacy. Bolting out of the classroom, I let out the occasional dribble and spurt into my padding, already a small wet spot growing. Shimmying and squirming into the bathroom, which, aside from a stall just closing at the end of the row of four, the bathroom was empty. Spotting the drain in the floor, I stood over it, and let go.

Immediatly, a feeling of relief, and warmth, flooded my senses as my diaper leaked out. The stream spurted down my pants legs, into the drainage below. Luckily my pants were already a dark blue in color, so the further darkening wouldn't be too noticeable. Checking to see if the guy in the stall was coming out, and not wanting to risk it, I went to the stall closest to the sinks. Undoing my wet pants, and setting them aside to dry a tad, I spotted my diaper, heavily soaked, sagging a bit.

Untaping it, I peeked out of the stall and, hearing the sink running, I waited. Once I saw the boy that had been in the stall leave (He was thankfully older, so no chance of him recognizing me), and carefully walked my bare from the waist down butt to the trash, and threw my damp padding into the trash. Heading back into the stall, I used one of the hand dryers to further dry my pants (Like this one Simpsons comic I had read wherein Bart accidentally spills some Krusty brand grape juice onto his shorts and has to dry them before anyone thinks the worse happened), and then slipped them back on. Making my way back to class, no one said anything as I thanked my teacher, sat down, and went back to work.

A little later on, the teacher asked if I could fetch some supplies for an activity in the cubby area. Being the ever helpful person I was and still am, and seeing and opportunity to slip into my spare diaper, I volunteered. Heading back into the cubby area, I lowered my pants down, and grabbed my spare from my backpack. Taping it on, I pulled my pants back up, and grabbed what Mrs. S needed. Giving it to her, I continued on my day

*002*2018-09-02 14:03

{{7 hours ago, blasseroz said:

This is what a good teacher does - she would have known of your diaper needs, and, noticing that you were not padded on your return to drawing (while on the floor), she has given you an excuse to re-diaper without saying anything by giving you a task where you can achieve her and your goals. The sound of the diaper tapes and your extra padded-ness would have told her that her ruse had succeeded. Well told story.

}}

Well, the drawing was done at a table, but thank you

