A bit of morning fun

Author: Corka

*000*2020-09-20 18:07

I woke up this morning with a noticeable feeling in my bladder: I kinda had to go potty. Normally I'd go straight to the bathroom first thing, but I had the house to myself today and I didn't wanna waste the opportunity. So I put on some clothes, particularly some light and soft black sweats, and went straight downstairs. One thing though, I was absolutely freezing, so I was honestly too cold to go just yet. So instead of doing the normal thing and turning the heat on, I decided to take a bit of a walk around downtown (unusual for me).

I spent around 20 minutes walking around, trying to warm up and calm down a bit I guess. My bladder didn't really get any better or worse- and there was one moment where I briefly considered being incredibly naughty and wetting myself at the crosswalk. I decided against that though- I didn't really feel like having a public accident in broad daylight, in the heart of town no less. So instead I just walked home.

By the time I got back, I was panting and aching- just all around a very sweaty and stinky girl. I decided it was a good time to make myself even stinkier- just with a very different scent. So I stood still on the floor and spread my legs a bit- and after a bit of delay I felt a warm pitter patter in my below. I was having an accident, and it felt absolutely lovely. I started to hear a hissing sound as it got more intense, and I just loved every second of it.

After totally tainting my undergarment a bright yellow and leaving wet patches on my soft black pants, I ended up lying down and pleasuring myself. I loved feeling the wetness of my ruined pants as I pressed my legs together. After eventually climaxing I just laid there for a moment, basking in the mess I made.

So yeah, I'd love to do that again

