First real accident I had in a while

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2018-08-03 02:48

Ok so this happen to me earlier in the week. I had a few errands to run so I took a bus and headed to the city. As soon as I got there it stared to rain so I was only able to do half the things I had planed to do. When I was done I took another bus and headed home but the rain was still falling so I took shelter in a local store while in the store I bought a small pack of nuts and a bottle of cranberry juice while in line I felt a little urge in my bladder but I ignored it. I ate and drank the juice while waiting for the rain to stop. I probably waited like 35mins then I realized I had to go really bad and the rain showed no sign of stopin. Another 30mins later and it was gettin bad I couldn’t even stand up in one place and if there was anyone around into the same thing as me the might’ve noice 15mins later and the rain had stopped but jus a little. I said screw it put a scarf over my head and braised the elements. 

Cold rain and constant wind didn’t help my situation ether. When I finally go home I fanatically looked for my house key and sadly learning it wasn’t in my bag. I grabbed my crocs and stared knocking the door knowing my grandma was home. But she has joint problems and can’t walk very fast so I was jus there outside my literally thinking I’m about to pee myself. Before she cud reach the door I Leaked regain the leaked again the second leak left a visible wet spot. When she finally open the door I ran towards the toilet leaking with every step. When I finally got in the toilet as if my belt tured into the hardest puzzle ever to unsolve. Then as soon as I undid my belt pee stared shouting out of me there was no stoppin it when the damage was done my Jeans and my boxers where sock

I haven’t had and unplanned accident in so long tho

