Casual morning pee with boyfriend

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-04-24 05:58

A bit of a shorter story than usual, but I thought you guys would enjoy it.

I stayed the night at my boyfriend's apartment, and after a very fun night woke up the same way I almost always do at his place; Naked, and being spooned by him, also naked. For reference, both of us really enjoy sleepy morning sex.

I was woken up by a very painfully full bladder that needed emptying immediately. I tried to get up, but my boyfriend is extremely snuggly, and getting out of a cuddle position with him is like trying to wriggle out of an anaconda death grip. He holds me in place and doesn't let me up as usual.

This exchange then happened between us;

"Stay."

"Babe, I know you need your cuddles, but I need to pee."

"No. Hold it. Snuggles."

"Honey, I need to get up right now or I'm gonna wet your bed."

"I've got a mattress protector. Go ahead."

"You better be serious about that, because I really do need to go."

"Yeah, it's fine, go ahead and pee."

"Alright."

I relaxed and let it flow, the wet warmth quickly flowing down my legs and up my back. The release of pressure felt sooooo good. I felt him press his morning wood into my ass the second I started peeing. I had to go really bad, I absolutely flooded his bed. I couldn't help but moan loudly from the relief.

"Holy shit, how much pee do you have in you?"

"I told you I really had to go."

"Fuck, you got me all wet too."

He slipped his hand between my legs and started rubbing my pussy. I just sat there and enjoyed feeling him finger me open in a big puddle of my own pee. We had some nice slow sleepy morning sex in my mess, and as soon as he finished, he pulled out and peed on my stomach and tits. Cum dripping out of me while being hosed down with piss. My favorite way to start my day.

*003*2022-04-24 19:46

{{8 hours ago, xoomer123 said:

This i very hot and sort of a dream for me. I had Gfs that did wet themselves for me but never like this!

}}

I really love to casually wet, and my boyfriend loves how spontaneous I am with it. Just pee right where I am, and he's just like, "Well now I'm hard."

