Another bursting shop assistant sighting (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2020-11-18 18:58

Jason was another colleague of mine at the garden centre, an attractive guy around 30 years old, quite tall and muscular, with short dark hair and a beard, and he also had a few tattoos covering his arms. On this particular day he was covering the entire camping department on his own, and as it was a warm day he was wearing a navy blue uniform polo shirt, navy blue shorts and work boots. The camping department was one of the largest in the store as it had a huge indoor section as well as all the tents, which were mostly displayed outside close to the store entrance. 

It was a busy Saturday around the beginning of the summer season, so his department was even busier than usual, with lots of customers wanting to purchase tents and camping equipment in anticipation of going on holiday or to music festivals. He had come to the tills at around 9am to buy a large bottle of water from the cooler, and told us that he was expecting to be kept so busy that he wasn't sure when he'd be able to take his break!

Throughout the day Jason was kept extremely busy as he expected, always talking to customers or showing them around the tents displayed outside. If anyone wanted to buy one of the larger, more expensive tents, he had to go and get the boxed-up tent from the storeroom (which was at the other end of the garden centre) himself, taking it through the tills and out to their car for them. He also kept having to answer calls on his work phone from colleagues, informing him about customers waiting in the camping department that needed help, or customers outside who were asking about the tents, so Jason was constantly kept on his feet.

Around 1pm he came to the tills and grabbed another bottle of water from the cooler, looking quite hot and flustered as he quickly paid. 'Have you had a break yet Jase?' asked my supervisor Ellie, and he laughed and shook his head. 'Not yet! Could really do one to be honest, but there's customers waiting.' He said bye to us then hurried off outside, and I wondered whether he was starting to need to piss by now, as he had been quite fidgety at the till, not quite being able to stand still.

During the afternoon the store was very busy, and I saw Jason a few times over the next couple of hours when he came to my till with customers buying expensive tents. I was sure he was now getting desperate to piss, as he seemed to be really struggling to stand still, looking red-faced and very uncomfortable. He seemed to be trying his best to stay professional and hide his situation, but a few times I noticed him stepping from foot to foot, gritting his teeth or adjusting his waistband. During a couple of sales later on in the afternoon, I'm sure I even caught him reaching down to squeeze himself through his shorts, though I couldn't be certain as he was standing behind the tent box. I wondered if he might even be using the box to hide what he was doing, taking the opportunity to give his cock a couple of firm, reassuring squeezes while his crotch was hidden from view for a few moments.

Around 4pm, me and Ellie were told by our manager that we could take our afternoon break, so we walked over to the staff breakroom together. On the way, we walked past the display tents and saw Jason talking to a young woman, showing her around some of the larger tents. He had obviously still not been able to go for his break yet as he looked absolutely bursting for the toilet, hardly able to disguise it anymore, constantly moving from foot to foot and jiggling on the spot slightly. 

While the customer went inside the tent to look around, Jason waited outside and I saw him reach down and hold himself with his right hand, covering it with his left and bending forwards for a couple of seconds, quickly straightening up again just as the customer came back out. He must have been about to piss himself and I wondered just how much longer he would be able to hold his bladder before excusing himself for a break. Ellie must have noticed too, as when we walked into the breakroom she remarked 'Poor Jase, he must bursting for the loo by now'.

The breakroom was just a small seating area with a few tables and chairs, with a small kitchen and toilet next to it. We both grabbed a drink from the machine in the kitchen, and sat down at a table, flicking through some of the magazines that other people had left. We had only been sitting for a couple of minutes when we heard somebody rushing up to the door and frantically pressing the code into the keypad to open it. The door flung open and Jason burst in, looking frantic, gripping his cock tightly through his shorts. He looked a bit surprised to see us and very quickly stopped holding himself. 'Sorry, bursting' he said quietly, clearly embarrassed at being caught, the urgency clear in his voice. He strode through the room towards the toilet, already unbuckling his belt, and closed the door behind him.

Because the door was so thin, and the toilet itself was in a very small and echoey room, we could both very clearly hear him unzipping his shorts and lifting up the toilet seat, followed almost immediately by an absolute explosion of piss, splashing against the water with force, and a loud moan of relief. Poor Jason must have been about to explode, as he just kept pissing and pissing, his torrent going on and on like a garden hose that somebody had forgotten to turn off. His relief must have felt incredible. As Jason's waterfall continued, I glanced up at Ellie and noticed that she was blushing and seemed to be trying very hard to concentrate on her magazine, trying her best to pretend that we weren't listening to Jason releasing a very long awaited and desperately needed piss just a few feet away.

I don't remember exactly how long he was going for, but it must have been well over a minute. His stream eventually tapered off into a trickle, and then after a few more spurts he was finally empty, finishing with a loud sigh of relief. At hearing him sigh, Ellie giggled and whispered to me, 'He definitely needed that', and I saw that she was still blushing with the embarrassment of listening to Jason's piss as well as his moans and sighs of relief. We heard him zip himself up and buckle his belt, flush the toilet and wash his hands, before he emerged looking red in the face.

He turned to us and smiled, clearly embarrassed but also extremely relieved. 'Sorry about that' he muttered, and Ellie laughed. 'Don't worry about it Jase, do you feel better now?'. He nodded and explained that he'd been on the way the breakroom when he was stopped by the customer outside who asked about some of the tents, and after being stuck talking to her for ages he had no choice but to excuse himself, as he just couldn't hold on anymore.

