I got him more into omo??

Author: omnipotentshar

*000*2019-01-07 13:25

So yesterday I kind of got my fiance into omorashi a bit more. No wetting though just desperation but I didn't know where to put this but here.

Backstory: he wasn't into omo really but would do it for me. He likes teasing me when I have to pee but that's about it. He gets no sexual satisfaction from it expect maybe when he pees on me. I've never seen this man give off any physical signs that he needs to pee in the three years I've been with him physically (we were long distance for a couple years prior cause high school). He knows I'm into desperation and holding with myself and other people, but he's never seen how I get when I'm watching others.

We're long distance at the moment but we still see each other on the weekends due to me being home and farther away from him for winter break (I'm in college). He comes and picks me up and on the way we stop by a gas station to get gas and snacks. He got himself like a quart if chocolate milk and downed in before we got to our destination (he fucking LOVES milk). When we get there, we chill out for a little bit before he says he has to go to the bathroom. My brain not thinking much of it is like sure, whatever. We look around the places close to us either didn't have a bathroom or was closed cause it's a Sunday. We decide to just to to his house since that would be easier. Again, my brain not really caring cause I've never seen it like. Honestly I thought he just had to poop.

The drive was pretty uneventful cause I didn't truly know the state he was in until we pulled into his neighborhood. The car in front of us was going insanely slow for the road and then I heard him actually voice his need to pee and when I looked over to him I saw his leg jiggling and I instantly got all flustered. I'm it to men omo a lot and to see the man who NEVER voices his need to pee getting desperate enough to start jiggling his like right next to me was amazing! And he's all mine and not some dude I'd watch on pornhub. 

I can help but staring at him, but I wasn't slick so he cause me and I embarrassingly had to tell him that seeing him in the state was turning me on like a lot. He takes that information and starts telling me how bad he really needs to go and how long it's been since he last went (more than like two hours cause it's an hour drive to reach me and an hour back. He has a bad habit of not peeing before he goes places too) and I'm sitting in the passenger seat trying to keep my fucking cool cause I felt like my body was about to explode (He used the word bursting and I just couldn't lol.).

We get to his house and I notice the way he's walking is a lot more stiffer than usual, which also gets me bothered cause now I really know this boy needs to pee like now. Part of me wanted to catch up with him and stop him but I couldn't do it...not yet anyway.

Anyway, he makes it and just pees for like a solid minute which I so wanted to over here but didn't wanna be more gross so I just pet his cat. Afterwards we talk about it more and he's like, "well if I know how turned on your got from watching me I wouldn't gotten myself in that situation a lot more" and he agreed to do more holding contest with me cause even though I only get a kick out of it, he knows he's getting something sexual out of it in return so it's a win win and I don't feel as nervous to do hold with him!

*003*2019-01-09 19:29

{{11 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Great description! Glad you got to tell him how much you enjoy his desperation!

}}

I am too. He knew about this side of my for years but I always assumed he'd never really want to participate in it like this so I never brought it up in fear or rejection. But I'm glad cause we're gonna do a hold together Sunday when we get back to school!

{{6 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

When someone learns what turns their partner on, they usually do more of it. He may find that it can be fun.

}}

I do hope that holding would be fun for him too like it is for me but if he doesn't and is still willing to hold for me that fine too~

