My first sexual wetting experience

Author: roguekitty

*000*2012-09-11 18:39

Okay, So I finally found enough time in my busy life to write a detailed description of my very first sexual wetting experience. I am definitely not an avid writer, so this probably isn't the best piece of literary work you'll find on here, but I hope you enjoy it nonetheless.

- Ash

For as long as I can remember, I've always loved the feeling of being desperate. I have this habit of waiting until the last possible moment before using the bathroom. This has been the cause of quite a lot of close calls throughout the years; Many of which have resulted in damp panties or even a small wet spot on the crotch of my pants. I never minded that though, and always felt a bit naughty afterward, knowing that I did something I wasn't supposed to and nobody around me had any idea. Strangely enough, I never identified this pleasure as anything 'sexual' until one specific incident that happened to me when I was 14 ( toward the end of my freshman year ).

Throughout freshman year, I developed this routine where, instead of peeing when I woke up, I would hold it through the morning and wait until after third period to go pee. This was perfect because it gave me enough time to enjoy my full bladder without putting me at risk for an embarrassing accident. I would then go to my fourth period, which was lunch, drink a lot of liquids, and carry around a water bottle for the rest of the day to make sure I was desperate by the time I got home.

So, the day of my first sexual wetting experience started out just like any other. I woke up, showered, got dressed in the clothes I had picked out the night before, and quickly headed off to school. That day I wore a black spaghetti strap shirt, really tight black and red plaid pants, black converse sneakers, a simple black bra, and a cute black cotton thong with a sexy lace trim. I placed the thong just high enough to be seen peeking over the top of my pants.

Anyway, the day was going on as usual. It was in third period; I was in the back of the class talking to my friends, making fun of the teacher, being a total brat, ( and enjoying the feeling of my ever increasing need to pee ) when an announcement was made over the loudspeaker stating that there was some kind of gas leak within the building, and school was going to let out early. Of course, all the kids were yelling in excitement over the news, and I just sat there quietly, trying to judge my state of desperation, wondering if I should go before school lets out or hold on until I get home. I definitely felt the pressure building up in my bladder, but it wasn't anything urgent. So, thinking that the 20-minute bus ride home wouldn't be too much of a problem, I decided to hold it. Leaving the school, I was felt somewhat nervous and excited at the idea of this private challenge I had given myself.

Well, forty-five minutes later, all the students were out in front of the school waiting for the buses to arrive, and I was beginning to think I made a big mistake. My bladder was aching for relief and I was unable to stand still. Still trying to be discrete, I went from simply swaying back and forth and fidgeting to crossing and re-crossing my legs. At that point, people around me were beginning to notice of my situation, and it dawned on me that a full-blown accident might actually be a possibility. So, acknowledging that I was most likely going to fail this little challenge of mine, I asked one of the teachers if I could go back inside to use the bathroom, but, to my dismay, the doors were locked, and I was forced to suffer.

After nearly an hour of waiting, all the buses had arrived, and the students had all piled in. We were finally ready to leave, and as soon as I was safely in the back seat of the bus, I wedged my hand between my legs and sat in my seat leaning forward. I must have leaked a little because I could feel that my panties were slightly wet. A friend of mine, Megan, found me huddled up in the seat. She had a concerned look on her face and wondered if I was okay. I thought about how pathetic I must have looked and felt my face turn a little red. She saw me desperate plenty of times, but never this bad; It was embarrassing.

"I Think I'm going to pee my pants" I finally said, letting out a sort of half laugh, half cry. "Ohh" she replied, now understanding why my body was contorted into such an awkward position. Sitting down next to me, she added, "..Just don't get any on me." That made me laugh just enough to let out a small squirt into my panties. I gasped and jammed both hands deeper between my legs. She gave me a weird look and I just kind of whimpered in response. I tried to discretely feel around my crotch for any sign that my pee had soaked through my pants, but luckily, couldn't feel anything. The rest of the ride was spent in silent agony, thinking that every time the bus hit a bump in the road I was going to completely lose it. What made the ride even more uncomfortable was that I could feel Megan staring at me almost the entire time. She was probably as curious as I was to see if I could make it off the bus without peeing myself.

Finally, the bus reached my stop! After gingerly stepping off the bus and onto my street, I started to get the feeling that I might actually be able to make it home without completely soaking my pants. So, I hobbled down the road toward my house, and everything was going well until I got about half-way up my driveway, and I was hit with a giant wave of desperation! At first, I felt a small squirt of pee shoot out into my panties, then came a larger one! I doubled over as I felt more pee begin to dibble down the back of my leg! The color drain from my body as I thought "This is it! I'm going to have an accident right here in front of my house!" I crossed my legs, closed my eyes and pressed my hand so hard against my vagina that my fingers started to hurt!

After a few moments, I stopped the leak a was able to regain my composure. My fingers were really wet, and I knew the damage to my pants had to be pretty bad. I looked down and saw that the crotch of my pants was completely soaked, and I could feel my butt was a little wet and the backs of my thighs had streaks of pee running down them. I ran the rest of the way to my house, and after fumbling with key, I finally made it inside. ( I was so thankful that both my parents were still at work and wouldn't be home for hours. )

As I made my way though the empty house, toward the bathroom, I started to realize I was actually feeling pretty good and sort of confident in a way. I made it to my home, I was alone for the next few hours with nothing better to do,and I was kind of enjoying the feeling of my wet pants. So, I figured "I might as well see just how much longer I can wait." So I turned around and headed back to the living room to turn on the TV.

There I stood, in the middle of my living room, hands firmly pressed against my vagina, swaying side to side, unable to concentrate on anything but the feeling of my wet clothes and my growing level of desperation. It couldn't have even been five minutes of standing there before my poor bladder decided to just simply give out on me without any warning! I thought my body would give some kind of warning sign, maybe a few spurts saying, "hey, Ash! You're about to completely soak your pants, get to a toilet!" however, it gave me none of that.

Before I even knew what was happening, I felt the torrent of pee that I had been holding back the entire day flood through my fingers, pour down the backs of my thighs and splash onto the hardwood floor, forming a large puddle beneath me. I thought about running to the bathroom, but something kept me frozen in place. So I just stood there, hand still firmly pressed against my crotch, with an unrelenting flood of pee gushing through my pants. A feeling of immense relief overtook me, and I just closed my eyes and thought about nothing but how great the warmth felt against my skin.

After the tide of pee finally trickled to a stop, I was in a state of shock over what just happened, and I began touching my body, hardly able to believe what I had just done. I slid my hand over by butt and down my soaking wet thighs. Then my hands met my vagina, which was extremely sensitive, even over my pants! I started caressing myself, rubbing myself back and forth, feeling the wave of pleasure begin to build up.

After few minutes, I was feeling very unsteady on my feet and needed to sit down, so I looked around, then suddenly had an idea. I took a towel from the bathroom and placed it on the arm of my couch, then climbed on top straddling it, and began grinding my hips in a rhythmic motion. It only took a few moments of grinding before I was completely overwhelmed by a wave of orgasmic pleasure! The ecstasy was unimaginable! I collapsed onto the the couch, completely out of breath and visibly shaking. My eyes became fixed the large puddle of pee I in the middle of the living room. I wanted to just lay there for eternity but knew that I had to start cleaning up.

I gabbed a few towels and started wiping up my mess when I got a phone call from Megan, stating that she raided her parents' liquor cabinet and was coming over. I thought about protesting, but I was just too tired to try and think of an excuse. So I just managed an "Mhmm" before she hung up and was forced to run around and clean up as fast as my body would let me. I grabbed some towels from the closet and quickly soaked up my huge puddle, and threw everything ( including my shoes ) into the wash. Then I took a quick shower and managed to get out just as she arrived. After getting dressed, We both proceeded to sit outside in my backyard and enjoyed the nice spring weather ( mostly because I want her in my house. I was deathly afraid that the entire thing now smelled like pee ).

*011*2012-09-13 19:40

Wow, thank you all for these amazing comments! To be honest, I was a bit terrified when I first posted this. I've never even discussed my fetish with anyone before. So, opening up one of my most private experiences to the internet left me feeling a little vulnerable. I'm just really glad people are enjoying it.. and it's such a turn on reading just how much people are enjoying it :p

Thanks again

Ash

*015*2012-09-18 07:39

{{ 

I kinda really didn't like it. Showing off your underwear is extremely slutty and it's even worse if it's a thong, and sluttier still you were 14.

}}

Thanks for the comment and I appreciate your honesty. I also happen to agree with you in that I made more than a few poor decisions in my clothing choices when I was younger.

It was very much all a facade though. I was a huge prude throughout high school and my slutty "fashion" choices were due, in a large part, to immaturity and overcompensation for my lack of confidence.

