Biology Accident

Author: DreamyMelMel

*000*2011-05-19 04:35

I was sitting in my biology lab today when a girl walked in.

She had dark brown/ black hair with green eyes. She was skinny with tan skin and big boobs.

I had never seen her in this lab before and I was confused.

We all took our spots at our lab tables, but for some reason I could not stop staring at this girl.

She was working by herself and was setting things up. But for some reason she was only working with one hand. Since I was supossed to be doing my lab I started working but discretly kept looking over at this new girl. She was doing her lab, but she was still only working with one hand. I walked over to her station to pretend I was "washing my hands" when I figured out why she was only using one hand. The other one was glued to her crotch.

When I went back to my table, my partner and I were waiting for the next step, so I started watching her again. She was stepping from side to side and kept bending over at the waist. She was absolutely dying for the bathroom. I wondered why she didn't ask the professor. But she kept working and working.

After about 30 minutes, she was moving around a lot more and was sitting down on her heel. I could tell that if she didnt go to the bathroom soon she was going to lose it. I continued on with the assingment, but kept watching. She stood up and shoved both her hands into her crotch and just sad down. She was shaking and rocking back and forth. After a few minutes of this she got up and raised her hand. but before the professor could see her, she started to turn red.

When I looked over, I could see a puddle forming on the floor and the smell of urine hit the air. She stood completely still and let her bladder empty. Afterwards she kept standing there until the professor told everyone to leave the room, and he called a janitor.

Although this was probably the worst moment of her life; it was the BEST class ever and we got out early. I hope to see more of this girl in the future.

*004*2011-05-20 19:47

Dark jeans, and a tank top I think.

She was wearing a lab coat over it

