Near wetting then witnessed wetting on a plane

Author: RNSL81

*000*2019-05-08 17:11

This happened a few months back. I regularly fly Bristol to Edinburgh . It's always the last flight of the night and often full of drunken hen/stag parties. Edinburgh is a cool place to go out i guess.

This particular evening, the flight was delayed by a good three hours (nothing unusual there). That meant a whole plane load of people sat with not much to do but drink at the bar. I admit, I had more than usual. A good 7 pints. And my seal was well and truly broken. I was peeing every 30-35 minutes. Nor was I alone in this. A hen party, typical in it's loudness and pink tee shirts were keeping a constant stream up of increasingly drunk women to the bar and to the toilets. Eventually though they called our flight. Everyone cheered and headed to the gate. My normal habit at this point is for one last trip to the loo. I know they call it typically 30-45 minutes before you even get on the plane. It might be 60-90 minutes before you can go again. I didn't think of that this time. I had gone to the loo only 15 min before so was convinced I was ok.

As we stood around the departure gate the first thing I noticed was that our plane hadn't even landed from its previous flight. In fact it could be seen out the window on final approach. The second thing was the lack of a toilet. Which i knew about but somehow forgot. 7 Pints.

At first it wasn't a problem but I could defiantly feel the need. A steady growing in pressure. Not too fussed i thought, I'm a big boy, I can handle this. By the time the previous flight had departed and the plane had been turned around I was at the dancing stage. A very slow shuffle, not quite holding myself but not far off. Around me were people in a similar plight. Especially the Hen party. There was about 12 of them in total, most in jeans and the hen shirts. They were a bit ahead of me in the mass of people but several of them could be heard complaining loudly. The wait, the lack off loos, the lack of a bar, the lack of loos, the slowness of the stewardesses, the lack of loos etc. Despite my own desperate and growing need, I was getting interested. A bit of dancing and a particularly attractive 30 something blond holding herself over her jeans gyrating on the spot.

Finally the doors opened though and we spilled out into the night to board. The cold night. Hit me like a rock and I could tell several others were the same. We piled onto the plane, the stewardesses herding us to our seats as fast as they could. I was near the front and in the row ahead of the hen party. Including the desperate blond. As we settled in I was more desperate than ever. The seat next to me was free (I was on the isle) so I was able to grab and hold myself without being too obvious but I was truly desperate. Thoughts of a fateful festival wetting were dancing in my head. I was sure I was about to humiliate myself. As we taxied and the stewardess was delivering the safety demonstration I was locked into a thousand yard state and slow deep breaths trying not to go. I did see her notice my situation and I'm sure I got a sympathetic smile. Behind me I could hear the blonds friends whispering encouragement and telling her to keep holding.

We took off, the bumpy runway doing nothing for my need. Got to cruise height. The stewardesses were up preparing the service now. I was simply staring at the seat-belt sign as if willpower alone would make it go out. Then it happened. The ding rang though the cabin as it went out. Behind me I could hear the blond gasp in relief but she was too slow. I was up and moving before she even had her belt off. It wasn't without cost. I was stating to leak a bit now. In-between the waves of pressure, every slight easing causing a dribble. My pants were going to be wet, but my jeans still felt dry. I hobbled, looking like some desperate toddler, right to the front. The sympathetic stewardess saw me coming and stood aside as i practically jumped into the single toilet in the fwd end of the cabin. I could hear and see the blond groan in displeasure as I shut the door in her face.

As I was facing the door and away from the toilet I simply pulled my jeans and pants down, sat and burst. God, did it feel good. Even I I peed I was checking my pants. The groin area was wet but not saturated. When I finally finished (to the sound of the blond knocking none stop) i quickly dried my crotch area of my leaks and pulled up my cloths. A quick check confirmed my jeans were dry. A few seconds to wash my hands and flush. Even as I unlocked the door it was practically ripped out of my hands.

I shuffled out and the blond shuffled in. There it was. A dark wet patch around her crotch and, as she pushed past me, her bum. And it was growing. Streaks down her legs to he knees before the door slammed shut. After a few seconds her moan of release was heard over the distinct sound of a bladder in full release. Embarrassed, I looked at the stewardess who shrugged at me. I guess she sees all sorts in that job. I felt sorry for the poor woman but I was just glad I hadn't wet myself on a crowded plane.

I made it back to my seat (several of the blonds friends glaring at me for stealing the loo first). When she returned a few moments later the blond was clearly mortified. It looks like she hadn't actually made it at all. The wet streaks were to mid calf and her entire ass was soaked. Most likely she simply sat on the loo and peed in her jeans. She was followed to her seat by a few mutters and comments but it was her friends that were the worst. Several laughed at her even as they were jumping up desperately to go themselves.

The one sat beside her commented loud enough for several to hear that she shouldn't drink if she couldn't handle it. To the blonds credit, she countered with something along the lines of, "not my first time, probably not my last. And given her friends track record for accidents, was she expecting to make the end of the hen weekend dry" that did shut her and her friends up. I was glad of that at least as I couldn't help but feel a little responsible for her wet state. Even, as I absolutely. Loved. Every. Second. Off it.

*004*2019-05-09 14:42

{{1 hour ago, Allegretto said:

What a great sighting! Well I guess it was either her or you!

}}

It was. If she had beat me, I WOULD have wet myself. Lets face it, not an unusual thing for me to do, but not in such an inescapable space. One highly public and obvious wetting was enough for now. I did feel sorry for her but god damn it was awesome. I was rock hard for most of the rest of the flight after she walked past me back to her seat. Had to use my kindle to hide that fact from the stewards when she came round. Given her looks earlier I have always wondered if she would have been surprised at my reaction though. I also bet they see a lot of wettings when the flight is rough and the belt sign is on.

