Checkmate!

Author: anonymous guy choc

*000*2011-02-25 21:41

I was 6 years old. My cousin "Amethyst" was 8. we had been playing chess for over an hour and my bladder told me "hurry it up we're getting full down here! while my brain said "you idiot her queen was right there and now you have no knight!" and I was hearing my brain. (in case you didn't know from my Sig I am a total nerd, DND, Yugioh, even bakugan for about 3 minutes) As time went on both our pieces were dwindling but Amy's were outnumbering mine. Her final Bishop checked my king but I had planned for this, my knight leapt from behind the safety of my final rook and stampeded the bishop easily (note to reader priests do not belong in war)

By then My bladder had gotten through the crappy elevator music and was being redirected to my inner thoughts after 5 representatives played ping pong phone tag. Then as My rook charged forward I saw that I had been mislead, Her king was able to move now that my rook had left it's protection of my pawn and now my own king was doomed for her bishop had been ressurected and was in line of sight when suddenly my thoughts took my bladders call and it was angry, i noticed I was about to wet my pants right in front of my cousin but 6-year-old logic is not very reliable so I figured I coud hold it till I got to the bathroom. 

I was right... sort of (amy won btw) I made a bee-line for the bathroom but the house was so unfamiliar by the time I found it I had leaked a trickle of pee into my underpants and I knew it wouldn't stop there. So, just barely peeing in my pants, I bashed my head against the door to knock and heard "Just a second" my aunt was in there and The trickle had gathered strength. The wetness on my khacki pants was growing and it took all my strength to stop it "hurry up' I pleaded but it was no use. I stayed dominant for all of 3seconds before my muscles relaxed and I began the long and embarrassing process of wetting myself. It was the longest 45 seconds (i had an itsy bitsy bladder) of my life. I looked across to see Amy standing there in shoc, she quickly regained her composure, smiled and said "checkmate" I then collapsed in the puddle, rolling away as I laughed.

