Accidental wetting in a chair

Author: Jaieee

*000*2020-12-19 23:20

I was home alone this morning and sitting at a chair in the dining room. I like this chair because it has a smooth leather back, and a soft plaid cushion. I was doing a cross word puzzle at the table wearing a green sweatshirt and grey panties. I'd been feeling horny all morning and kept squeezing my thighs together. My bladder was nowhere near full, but I guess I kind of had to go..

My mind kept wandering and eventually I went and got my sleek pink vibrator. I sat back down in the chair spread my legs. I kept my panties on because I'm really sensitive to my vibrator, even on the lowest setting. I pressed it against my clit and swayed my hips back and forth. It didn't take long to get close to finishing. I started to get really tense because of the vibrator, so I closed my eyes, dragging the tip of my toy lightly along my underwear, and tried REALLY hard to completely relax my muscles.

I pressed harder against my clit and just as I went over the edge, I suddenly started peeing though my panties on the chair. I gasped in surprise and quickly put my other hand between my legs. I stopped peeing briefly, but I was orgasming so hard and immediately continued to wet myself right where I was sitting.

Once the vibrations became too much, I turned the power off and regained control. My panties were completely soaked, but I was lucky the wet spot on the chair wasn't too big! My pussy was still tingling so I went to the bedroom to get changed, and to choose a new toy

*005*2020-12-23 09:19

{{On 12/20/2020 at 5:03 AM, wilbob76 said:

That sounds incredibly hot! Wish there was video.

}}

I hope there is one next time too

