Desperate while cooking!

Author: astralis

*000*2021-04-11 00:54

So I posted about an hour ago in the live action thread, and since then I've had several things to do around the house so I'm just now getting around to telling the story.

My parents went out this evening. Normally they only go to dinner and while that is a pretty long time it's not enough to do a full hold, at least not a good one. But today they went to church and dinner, which means they were gonna be gone for around five hours. (They're still gone as I type this, actually.) I had drunk some tea at lunch and that always makes me have to piss like a racehorse, so when I learned they were going to church I was already sort of desperate (around one in the afternoon) and I got really excited.

Do you ever just sometimes absolutely crave a hold? Like, that fucking.... stretched, bloated sensation? The 'barely hanging on' feeling? I need it sometimes, really badly. And I've been needing it for a while now but since I still live at home I don't have many opportunities. So I snatched this one up.

I held my tea for a while, but I started needing to go the other way and that doesn't do anything for me so I had to stop holding and go. Shortly after that my parents left (around two forty-five) and I drank three glasses of water in about twenty minutes. My plan was to space it out so it would fill slowly and I wouldn't feel sick. I ended up having to go again right before four, which was frustrating, but I also didn't really need to pee at that time so I figured my bladder would fill back up soon. I'd already held the tea and now three more glasses of water so my kidneys were working, and that always helps.

After the second time I drank another (fourth) glass of water. Then I took my dog out for his supper and his walk at four and while I was walking him I started feeling the liquid hitting my bladder. We had gotten maybe a block from my house and I was suddenly at a 6/10. I don't like voyeurism at all but there were a lot of people out in their yards and it was sort of interesting to know that I needed to pee but they had no idea. It wasn't so bad I needed to walk slowly or anything, but I could definitely feel the urge.

My dog is old, so he walks slowly, and he likes to take very long walks. So by the time I got home it was about a quarter to five, and I was at a 7/10. It's super hot and humid where I live so I drank two more glasses of water (six) and then a glass of tea, because I was starting to feel a little sick from the water. So now I was up to seven glasses cycling through me, four glasses currently if you only count the ones I'd drank since my last trip to the bathroom. I was sitting down at my laptop and I didn't feel anything much, so I stood up, and right away my bladder got heavier. I stood for a while in the living room trying to decide what to do, and then I had a kind of brilliant idea.

I never have any stakes to holding. I'm never in public and there's never a reason for me not to go. It can get kind of boring. But since I'm home alone I had to cook my dinner, and I suddenly realized I could cook, then go. I filled the pot with water and my bladder was pretty much instantly like "oh, it's like that, huh". I went from about a 7 to an 8/10 in probably five minutes. I drank another glass of water. And then another. It was hitting me all at once, and suddenly I couldn't stand up straight. I had to reach into the cabinet to get some salt and my bladder stretched with me and I gasped out loud. The water wasn't even fully warmed up yet and I was already hunched over and shaking.

I walked back to my laptop. I sat on the floor and it was difficult to get my knees to bend enough. Sitting took some of the pressure off my bladder, and I think around then is when I made my first post in the live action thread. I fucked around for a bit on YouTube to distract myself, then I got up and whoa. Everything, every single drop of liquid I'd consumed between four and five-thirty, was now in my bladder. It was stretched tight under my jean shorts. I physically couldn't straighten up. I had to walk a little bit cross legged, and as I was walking to check on my water I felt a tiny dribble let out into my underwear.

That has absolutely never happened to me before. I was shocked; I figured it happened because I was moving around so much. The water still wasn't fucking boiling but I was standing in the kitchen with my hand shoved between my legs, thighs squeezed tightly together, bouncing. I started to moan and whimper a little bit. My bladder was so, so swollen and full. It felt like all the liquid inside was shoving itself against the muscle wall, straining to get out. I danced around and held myself and whined. The water was taking its sweet time on the stove so I went as fast as I could into my room and snapped a picture. I put it in the live thread but I'll put it here as well:

Then I hobbled back into the front of the house. The water was finally boiling so I poured in my pasta and I stirred a couple times. As I limped back out (thighs squeezed together so tightly my legs were sore) I leaked again. It was still more of a dribble than anything and honestly it might've been my imagination but the throb in my bladder was so sharp I had to stop for a second, doubled over, gasping, twisting my body around. I was shaking all over, dragging my hands down my thighs again and again. I've absolutely never been that desperate before.

I had to pee so, so, so badly. I shuffled with my thighs still stuck together back to the laptop to update the live thread and upload that pic, but I couldn't sit all the way down. Fuck, it hurt so much; my poor, swollen bladder was absolutely stretched to its limit. I crouched down to type and I had to kneel; I bent to reach the keyboard and my bladder throbbed insistently between my legs. Fuck I had to go. I was moaning and dragging my hand down my thigh as I struggled to type with shaking hands. When I tried to stand back up it was torture. My bladder was dragging me down to the floor, spasms shooting through the muscle. It felt like I was holding a ten-pound fishbowl and could barely keep it from tipping over.

I limped back into the kitchen, stirred the pasta, checked its consistency. It needed more salt. I tried to straighten up enough to reach the cabinet and my bladder throbbed so hard I had to double back up, legs crossed as tightly as I could make them. "I have to pee," I whined, "oh fuck, I have to fucking go..." I managed to get the salt and pour it in but putting it back up was extremely difficult. I realized I couldn't keep walking from the stove to the laptop, and my pasta was cooking pretty fast anyway, so I decided to stay in the kitchen. I was squirming around and whining, almost on the verge of tears. My bladder was spasming again and again. I took another drink of water, not a full glass, but enough. It was so bad. "I'm going to have an accident," I whimpered to myself as I took out a fork and napkin for my dinner. "I'm going to wet myself, I can't hold it..." I must've said the word 'fuck' to myself about sixty times in five minutes. I needed the bathroom so badly.

I checked the pasta about three more times before it was done. My whole body was twisted up and bent double from the enormous pressure on my bladder. I had my legs crossed almost double and my hands kept shoving down my thighs, trying hard not to hold myself because I was handling food. I limped from the stove to the sink to drain the pasta and those three steps were almost too much. The sound of water running has never done much for me when I'm desperate but the sight of it coming out in that steady, clear stream was unbearable. I was dancing and shaking, shifting my weight frantically from one foot to the other. I fanned my thighs in and out a few times to try and relieve the pressure and I could barely move. I put the pot on the stove again and shuffled/limped/hobbled back to my laptop to post a final update on the live thread. Then I limped as fast as humanly possible to the bathroom.

I couldn't shut the door. I absolutely did not have time; I tried, and when it wouldn't shut I knew I couldn't keep trying. I rushed to the toilet. I lifted the lid. I wrenched my shorts down; I almost couldn't get them off. I sat as fast as I could and I was almost peeing before I was fully seated. I was so full I couldn't even feel relief for a few seconds. The stream came out pretty slowly, but it was steady. I counted; I peed for a minute and seven seconds. It started trickling off around fifty seconds but it kept coming out in spurts after, and then I sat still for another thirty seconds or so and squeezed out the rest.

When I stood up I didn't even feel fully empty. I flushed and washed my hands, and I went and ate my dinner. I had to pee again within about ten minutes of going, but I made myself eat everything first. The tea I had with dinner rushed through me but I was still fine up until I went to the bathroom again. I started pulling my shorts off and my need went from like a 7 to a 10 in .000003 seconds. It was that same pulsing desperation from earlier. I almost couldn't sit in time.

I took my dog for his evening walk and started filling up again about halfway through. Now I'm home and I've had to pee the whole time I've been typing this, so I'm going to go get some more much-needed relief. What a good fucking hold.

*002*2021-04-11 01:32

{{6 minutes ago, Despboy15 said:

I LOVED THIS thanks for sharing

}}

Tysm!! I love all your stories, and I loved writing this one (and experiencing it lol). Thanks for reading!

*004*2021-04-11 02:29

{{18 minutes ago, segaface said:

Sounds like you had fun. Glad you enjoyed it

}}

Thanks! I really did, lol. This was the first hold I've done since my ex left me and I was afraid it would bring up Emotions but it just felt really good

*008*2021-04-12 00:51

{{2 hours ago, New_Macca said:

Wow that was a truly incredible hold and so brilliantly described . It sounds like your bladder swelled and bulged and must have been such a beautiful sight. How you kept holding and never wet is just a superhuman effort you must be so proud and I am so glad you had so much fun

}}

Aww, thank you so much ;___; I haven't ever lost control even a little (tbh I know I said I leaked in the post but I'm really not sure as my underwear wasn't damp AFAIK) but last night was just....... the closest I've ever felt to just dropping it all. I really am proud, it was a fantastic time.

{{1 hour ago, Holdit4me said:

Wow, what a great adventure, and really well written!

}}

Thank you kindly friend

{{7 minutes ago, C.omoguy said:

Excellent story, very well detailed, it seems that it was a very hot hold, nice photo beauty crossed legs

}}

Thank you! It really was hot lmao, I'm glad I have this site to share stuff like this on. Also thanks I'm glad you like the photo ;;

*010*2021-04-12 05:05

{{35 minutes ago, wettingman said:

I love long richly detailed stories of desperation and not knowing if you make it or not until the very end. Thank you fot sharing

One thing about drinking all that water . You should mix it up with other beverages . Drinking too much water can be dangerous.

}}

Aw, thanks, bud! Glad it worked for you, those are my favorite kinds too

Re: drinking too much water: I do mix it up with tea usually but there's a limited supply of tea and unlimited water, so.... avoiding parental suspicion + avoiding extra unnecessary trips to the store means more water. But I really don't do massive holds like this often and I do generally pace myself w the water intake. Thanks for the tip though, I know it's dangerous and I always stop if I start feeling queasy.

*013*2021-04-13 18:11

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

Wow that is even more impressive then if you actually think you may not have leaked at all! What self control you must have to push your limits and yet keep waiting. I’d love to know just how much you managed to keep inside you and how long it took you to empty your bladder.

}}

Aw, thank you! Yeah, I really don't know, it's just not something that I've ever been able to make happen. (Also it's highkey hot the way you said "what self control you must have", jsyk.) I haven't had a chance to measure my capacity yet because I still live at home so there's no way I could piss into a measuring cup but some day I'd love to find out!

{{1 hour ago, PattyWets said:

Great story, thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you kindly, friend!

*015*2021-04-17 05:56

{{1 hour ago, LilMiss said:

Holy crap that's some great retelling of a spectacular adventure! Nice!

}}

Thank you friend!

*018*2021-04-23 06:36

{{On 4/20/2021 at 11:25 AM, sammilove said:

That’s an amazing experience! It’s been too long since I’ve done a hold like that and didn’t wet myself. I love how descriptive it was and how much you remembered from it.

}}

Tysm ;_; I wrote it like right after it happened so everything was still super fresh in my mind; even now two weeks later I can still remember how my bladder felt because it was just so fucking intense!

{{On 4/21/2021 at 7:25 AM, Roguepoet said:

I recently bought black shorts exactly for this reason. Something about being desperate while cooking is a huge turn on for me. I’ll be outside grilling and drinking my home made wine. And I’m going to get the bed protector I’ve always wanted. I’m shy but it’s time to start enjoying my fetish. Thank you for posting this so I know I’m not the only one.

}}

Nice bud, I 100% approve. It really is sexy to be desperate while cooking and idk why but whew boy, lmao. That's quite a hot image of you in your black shorts grilling and squirming around, I hope it goes well for you and you enjoy it!

*021*2021-04-27 02:32

{{10 hours ago, luvwetting said:

I know exactly what you mean. I'd love to do that again, but at the moment I have no opportunity and probably won't get one for a long time.

Of course I could just hold it secretly in any situation, but not until I'm bursting and losing control, and only without squirming and holding myself. So it would only be half the fun.

}}

Exactly. It's no fun if you're around other people who aren't in on it. It does build a good bit of anticipation though! (Or as the movie says, anticipation.)

{{8 hours ago, Blindfight said:

That was a fun ride!

Love the pic halfway through, you can totally see the desperation in your stance.

}}

Tysm bud! Yeah I was losing my entire mind when I took that lol.

