Shopping trip with some leaking fun

Author: JanelleO

*000*2019-09-24 20:39

This morning I had to run a few errands in a nearby small city. I've been looking around for men's boxer briefs that are stretchy and comfortable with a cotton/spandex blend. I've been on a new medication for ADD since January, and having lost 25 lbs (a welcome side effect) it's time for some better fitting underwear anyway. So during my errands I stopped in a Walmart Supercenter. I just started feeling the urge to go pee and I thought to myself, that's strange, I just went at home half an hour ago. I headed to the men's underwear selection which was spread out over two different aisles. At one point, I noticed one of the aisles had women's panties on one side and men's underwear on the other. Nobody was around, but while keeping an eye out for anyone I knew, I grabbed couple different sizes of womens brief style panties.

Took everything to the fitting room, which isn't supervised. I decided on two different styles of men's boxer briefs with spandex. The women's panties actually felt comfortable, but the sizes I picked out were too big. So I left them behind in the fitting room along with the briefs I decided I didn't want. I opened the door, the walmart employee (woman about my age) happened to be standing right there, and I'm quite sure she noticed the packages of women's panties sitting amongst the underwear I left behind on the bench. I went back to have a discrete look at the rest of the womens panties but from what I could tell, the boyshort style I wanted to try was sold out in my size. During all this time I'm still feeling the urge to use the bathroom, so I let out a couple leaks in my briefs while browsing a couple of nearby aisles.

Then headed over to the electronics to pick up a charging cable for my cell phone. Let out a couple more leaks. I thought to myself, shoot, I really better head over to the pharmacy to pick up some pads. I let out a couple more leaks, hoping that they wouldn't be noticed in my faded blue jeans. Unfortunately, Wal-mart didn't have the men's super absorbency Tena pads that I was looking for, and headed to the self checkout. Then walked to the car, sat down in the driver's seat (which had a towel on it) and let out a few more leaks. Next stop was a nearby pharmacy. I made a beeline for the incontinence products. Then while I received a phone call I let out a couple more leaks (with a somewhat desperate look on my face) which the store clerk must have noticed.

I asked her if they had the super absorbency tena pads in stock and she said they were sold out, but the moderate absorbency were on sale for half price. So I settled for those and thanked her for her help, and she replied with a sympathetic "you're very welcome." Then I headed to a Tim Hortons coffee shop, grabbed a tena pad from the package, made a beeline for the washroom, and put the pad in my boxer briefs. Went to the UPS store, did a couple leaks in the tena pad while filling out the paperwork for a package I had to send out. Got in the car and drove 20 minutes. Stopped by the house, did a few more leaks while I was loading up the garbage into the trailer, drove the 15 minutes to the shop, did a few more leaks while unloading the garbage into the dumpster.

At this point I felt the pressure building in my bladder again so I decided to step into the bathroom and see how well the Tena pad was going to work. I figured i'd try to slowly empty my bladder at this point into the tena pad. And if I overflow into my boxer briefs, who cares, I have some new spandex boxer briefs to pick from in the car anyways. That's when I realized it was a good thing I had chose Large size boxer briefs with spandex. The XL boxer briefs I put on this morning couldn't really hold the full pad in place when it was full. Then I noticed a wet spot the size of a tennis ball right in the front of my boxer briefs where the top of the tena pad was originally. Took the tena pad out, which was full (almost to over flowing ) disposed of it, and put another one on.

I have to say, in one sense I enjoy wearing the tena pad for catching the leaks whenever I feel like being naughty and leaking deliberately. But wearing one also gives me a sense of comfort when a more desperate situation warrants it. For me, it's a double edge sword. My medication for ADD requires me to drink extra water etc to stay hydrated, which means, having to go pee more often. On top of it, since my emergency appendectomy and hernia repair four years ago, something about my bladder just hasn't been quite right, and I just can't place it. For one thing, my ability to empty seems to be inconsistent. There are other occasions where after holding to the point where I'm desperate, like on a long drive, it takes 2 or 3 tries in a 15 - 20 minute time period to empty myself completely. After my vasectomy earlier this year - which had its own complications, although minor, I've decided I've had enough "fiddling around down there" for awhile.

And now, as I make final corrections to my story, I'm putting my 2nd Tena pad of the day to good use, before I click on the submit button.

