Next accident from my wife (then girlfriend)

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-06-09 19:47

In my last story I told how my then girlfriend/now wife had peed herself when I tickled her one afternoon.

This next story took place maybe a month or two later. I still hadn't told her about my fetish for female desperation and wetting. It was a Saturday night and we had gone out to dinner and a movie. I noticed during the movie she was squirming a bit but after the movie ended she didn't stop by the bathrooms. I asked, but she said no. (She doesn't like public bathrooms and will hold it to go at home instead.)

We left the theater and started driving back to her house. She had her legs crossed, a foot bouncing, and was obviously growing more desperate by the second. Since there aren't many theaters in town it was a bit of a drive from her place to get to one so we would't be back to her place for another 15-20 minutes at least. Needless to say, seeing the girl I loved desperate to pee both had me concerned for her on one level but also turned on at the same time.

A few minutes later she said, "I've really got to pee. Sorry."

"No problem. Do you want me to stop somewhere?" I asked.

"No, just keep going, we'll be back to my house soon, right?"

"Yeah, maybe 15 minutes? Can you hold it that long?"

"I hope so," she answered. Now she had a hand the crotch of her jeans, pressing between her crossed legs. She was breathing heavy and very obviously nearing the bursting point.

As the minutes passed she shifted uncomfortably, continued squeezing, kept her leg bouncing, etc. We still had another ten minutes at least before reaching her house. A moment later she gasped and bent forward slightly.

I looked over and asked, "Are you ok?"

"I can't hold it much longer," she said. "Can you drive faster maybe?"

I sped up slightly - partly because I didn't want a ticket, partly because I wanted to take as long as possible to drag out her desperation.

We were about five minutes away when she said, "Ok, you've got to stop somewhere, I'm about to pee my pants."

My heart started racing faster and I was more than fully aroused. I said, "No problem. There's a gas station up ahead."

She said, "Not a gas station. The Publix (a grocery store). Please hurry."

I said, "Ok."

She was practically bouncing in her seat now. I was practically exploding in my pants.

I made it to the Publix parking lot, found a spot, with her bouncing, squeezing, repeating, "Please, please, please, please, please" over and over again quietly, frantically.

I stopped the car, turned it off, and she opened the door but then stopped. She said, "I don't know if I can stand up."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean that I'm scare if I stand up I'll pee my pants," she said.

"Oh," I replied, "Well... you've got to at least try, don't you?"

She sat for a moment, bent forward, still squirming and squeezing, and finally said, "I guess."

She swung her right leg out of the car, followed quickly by her left, hand still pressed hard into her crotch, then she pulled herself up with her left arm until she was almost standing just outside the car - I didn't move, I just stared at her butt the whole time. She was still inside the door, hadn't yet taken a step, when I heard her gasp again, press her thighs close together and then say, "Oh crap! Oh crap! No, no, no, no, no."

I watched between her upper thighs as they suddenly turned dark and the wetness expanded quickly down her legs and up and across her butt. She just stood there, not quite standing all the way, now with both hands on the side of the car door frame, letting her legs part slightly, as she lost control and completely emptied her bladder. The stain on her jeans spread so beautifully and quickly and I could hear splashing on the asphalt below her.

My body was going crazy and I involuntarily just squeezed my hand over my penis and that one slight touch was enough to set me off and as I stared at the love of my life completely soaking her jeans I lost my own form of control and began spasming with an orgasm, filling my boxers with cum while she filled her pants with pee.

It was glorious, in spite of the rapidly growing mess in my pants. I couldn't help but make a grunting, moaning noise as I started to cum, which she heard and turned around slightly to see me staring, my hand gripping the obvious outline of my penis in my pants, and she could tell by the look on my face, mid orgasm, what was happening. I shifted my gaze from her pants to her eyes. I could see the look on her face change from embarassment to confusion to realization to astonishment in seconds. Neither of us could speak. She just stared back at me, mouth slighty agape, still finishing her accident, while I stared at her, still cumming in my pants.

Finally we both finished. She turned around slowly and I could see the wetness on the front of her jeans (which I find even sexier than the wetness on the back of jeans most of the time). I tried to say something to her, not sure how to proceed from there. My brain was spinning and my heart was racing and my face was red hot like I was the one who had peed my pants instead of her. She was also red with embarassment and unsure of my reaction to her accident. For a few seconds we just looked at each other.

She broke the silence, "Do you have a towel I can sit on?"

I nodded my head, reached into the back seat, folded the towel over a couple of times and handed it to her. "Thanks," she said as she placed it on the seat and gingerly got back into the car and shut the door. We sat in silence for a moment, now dark inside the car again with the doors closed.

"I'm sorry," I said, "It's just..."

"It's ok," she cut me off, "I just want to go home, please."

I nodded, started the car, and we drove in silence the few minutes to her house.

"You can just drop me off," she said.

I stopped in her driveway, we looked at each other, but didn't kiss like usual, and she said, "Goodnight", opened the door, then closed it again and turned to me, "When I was... were you? I mean..."

I said, "I'm sorry. I don't want to freak you out. It just turned me on for some reason, you needing to go, and when you lost it... so did I. I didn't mean to, I didn't try to, it just happened. I don't know what came over me."

She sat for a moment, thinking, then said, "It's ok. Not like it was on purpose, right? It wasn't on purpose was it?"

"Oh, God, no!" I blurted, "No, I'd never try to make you do that!"

She said, "What about a few weeks ago when you tickled me and I wet myself? Was that on purpose?"

I said, "Honesly, maybe a little, but not really. It just happened. Maybe I got a little carried away, but I thought you were ok with that?"

"I was," she said. "I also didn't think that sort of thing turned you on."

"I'm really sorry," I said. "I love you. I don't want to scare you away. Please."

She smiled and said, "If my peeing my pants doesn't scare you away then I guess I shouldn't be scared away if you get turned on by it."

A wave of relief swept over me, "Thanks. Really. And again, I'm sorry."

She leaned over, kissed me long and hard, then said, "It's ok. I promise. I just hope it doesn't happen too often for my pants' sake!" We both laughed at that. Then she said, "I guess I should go inside now and get cleaned up. Hopefully nobody is still awake... And I think you probably need to change and clean up, too, huh?" She smiled and winked at the condition of my own boxers.

We kissed goodnight, and she said, "Feel free to get a good look while I go inside." She winked at me after saying that, I smiled big, and she slowly got out of the car, pausing in the light of the car door to give me a good view of her wet butt, then turned to show off the front, blew me a kiss, then walked inside. I watched her the whole way, soaking in the sight of her wet jeans as much as I could. I drove back to my place as fast as I could and relived my self again - not in my pants this time! - before going to bed, reliving the experience over in my head. It turned out to be a great night after all.

*003*2011-06-10 15:38

{{ 

Wow, that was put together rather well, and it's one hell of a story at that. It's nice to hear your reaction didn't freak her out, although I'm sure she was just glad you didn't freak out at her accident (well, you KIND OF did).

}}

When you love someone enough you overlook small quirks.

