No Bathroom Breaks rule while playing Civilization V

Author: Lilypad

*000*2017-10-11 22:50

Hi all, Lily here. It's been a few weeks since I posted my experience, I haven't posted much else because there hasn't been much else worth mentioning. Until now, that is.

So for a while now I've been hanging around the OmoOrg Slack chatroom and made some good friends there. I recently decided to buy Civilization V after being convinced to do so by Dessy, who is a well-known member here, I believe, so that I can play with her and some others in the chatroom. The other members are Linkx, OmoCommando, Ronyo and Makoto.

So after buying the game, I dedicated some time into learning the basics and understanding the way the game works. After I figured I had gotten good enough to try myself against the ones who urged me to buy the game. So two nights ago, we finally found a time we could play together. It was Sunday night, around 8 pm for me and I figured I'd go for an all-nighter to be able to have a good time with them.

What I will be telling you about here is that very night, for it turned out a lot more interesting than any of us had expected it would.

It was 8 pm and we finally managed to arrange all those who were going to play, except for OmoCommando, he was at work until 1 am my time. Ronyo also had to go at 11 pm, so we were planning on starting another game with him when he'd get home. I had bought some Coke for the night, as I get kinda thirsty when I need to think a lot. Since we were only going to play Civ, I was not really thinking much about being careful of how much I should drink. which I was going to regret later. I started up the game, added Dessy and Ronyo on Steam and joined the match through them. We took like 20 minutes to pick our leaders, since we didn't all have the same DLCs, and ended up needing to choose Vanilla leaders, which was fine, most of the time picking went to finding out which leaders are vanilla, for me at least.

The game starts, and one of the first questions to pop up in the chat is Ronyo (iirc) asking if we're playing with rules. I asked what he meant, I thought it was something in-game related. Turns out what he meant was a "No bathroom breaks" rule. Makoto agreed to it, Dessy was neutral, since she didn't really have to go, and Linkx also wanted it. I was kinda into it, I was interested in seeing them desperate anyway, and despite having drank one and a half liter of coke, I wasn't feeling even a tingle. So the game went on, and I finished yet another bottle of coke, and I was starting to feel a need to pee. Makoto had been regularly checking on what our status was, so I had a general idea of the others' states. Everyone had been saying they were good, so I held back and said I was just fine too.

At around 10 pm, I asked the others if the no-pee-break rule would continue after Ronyo would have to leave. Everyone answered that obviously that would be so. I was getting a little desperate at that point, but didn't say anything. Time passed and soon it was 11 pm, which meant Ronyo had to leave, it was 12 pm for him and he had work tomorrow. Then Makoto announced that since it was a 2 hour break, he was gonna go to the bathroom. At that time, I stopped him in his tracks. He himself had said that the rule would carry over, and I (apparently) misinterpreted that as the rule would apply DURING the break as well. To be honest, that was what I was trying to ask originally, but got easily and understandably misunderstood. After a small debate about it, the conclusion was that no bathroom breaks were allowed during those 2 hours either.

It didn't take me more than 20 minutes to regret that very argument, because as soon as I stood up to get some snacks from the fridge, my desperation bolstered up from just needing to go, to squirming. It was like all the coke I had drunk had streamed down from my tummy and into my bladder upon my standing up. At that point I went straight to the chat and asked Makoto if he was still up for allowing the rule to not apply during these two hours. Not to my amusement, he declined. He had also put on a diaper, so he wasn't too worried about things.

I went to play dark souls while waiting for OmoCommando to come home, so I didn't really pay much attention to Slack chatroom in the meantime...I was more focused on staying dry, which proved harder and harder, and killing things in Dark Souls is not the easiest thing while desperate. When I checked back though, Makoto was saying that he was "mostly dry". Meaning he had leaked. Dessy however, was still dry, yet was pretty desperate and had to go to the store to buy things, more soda being one of those things. She was chatting with us while at the store, how she hit every red light there was, and ran into troubles with the clerk as well.

At the same time, 12:43 am, I was struggling more and more with keeping the pee from leaking out. While Dessy was at the store, OmoCommander came online and was given an explanation of the situation, about the spur-of-the-moment holding that was happening. At 1:04 am. Dessy returned from the store and so we begun trying to get everyone back into Civ. Only 2 minutes after her return, I suddenly sneeze really badly, causing me to lose control and leak a bit. Dessy got excited and asked me how much, but didn't respond to my replies to that. She disappea rs for 6 minutes, and then for another 9. We started growing our suspicions on what could be the reason, only to be faced with a picture of a tiny damp spot in her panties. (Picture Below) Right after she asked me again, how much I leaked. I responded to that with a picture of the wet stain on my chair. (Picture Below)

Dessy's panties:

My chair:

As can be seen, I leaked a lot more than her, meaning she was winning our little contest at that moment. Not much else happened for a while though, we started playing Civ and I don't really recall all the talking talking that went on there, it was mostly complaints about how long people were taking on their turns, most of the time it was Dessy or me. I was getting more desperate by the minute though, I had folded a large towel so it had 5 layers and put it under me, and was holding and squirming a lot, letting out a few more smaller leaks, but I didn't tell them at the time, didn't want more teasing over a small bladder. After like 10 minutes of Dessy being away, she suddenly sent another picture in the Slack chatroom, this one of a much larger spot in her panties.

At that time the pressure on my bladder was getting overwhelming, I was unable to focus on the game at all. I was holding with both hands whichever chance I got. About 15 minutes after Dessy had sent the picture, while waiting on someone to finish their turn, I got a Facebook message from my friend, who sent me a link of the new Last Jedi trailer. Me, being the massive Star Wars fangirl I am, watched it right away. I will safely admit that this trailer is what led me to losing in that holding contest. So I turned on the trailer, and the first few seconds got me as excited as a little kid on it's birthday. My attention went straight from holding my pee onto that trailer. Unknown voice talking about someone with a great power, and then Rey revealed holding a lightsaber...

I got so excited that I threw my hands on my mouth. I didn't start peeing at that point...my bladder muscles were still able to do their job for a little longer. But while Luke was talking, I felt a little stream of pee making its way into my pants. I didn't really mind it though, my sole focus was on the trailer. I managed to stop that steam after it had made quite a mess under my butt, and I did manage to hold it pretty well until the scene where Kylo and Rey were chatting. That's when I lost my cool, I completely flipped in awe and was unable to hold my pee back, and completely peed myself, my pajama pants completely soaked on the butt, so I just stood up and let the rest of it go. It was a heaven-like feeling, the pressure slowly leaving my bladder as it shrank back to it's usual state. I lost the hold, but I didn't really care, the trailer was worth losing it for xD

I inspected the "damage done" and found that my pee had gone through all five layers of the towel and still made a huge stain on my chair.

Pictures:

I was wearing fairly dark pajama pants, so it's not very visible, but it is possible to see how much I wet them if you look closely.

Meanwhile Dessy had yet another leak in her panties, which she posted a picture of, and asked if she was now allowed to go to the bathroom. She was given permission, but she didn't make it, as soon as she let her hand go she lost control.

Pics from Dessy:

So, yea, that was pretty much how we ended that night, the match didn't really progress much due to two players being extremely desperate.

I'm not really good at ending posts it seems...I don't know what else to say, but I hope you enjoyed reading about that night, I sure as hell enjoyed the night.

P.S. I am not sure if Makoto ended up wet or not, I don't recall him sharing much about it, but I think he implied it a few times.

*006*2017-10-12 09:34

{{9 hours ago, Meowth said:

Doggy style - google search

Lol

}}

Hahaha, awkward xD

