Wet in front of friend and hubby; didn't get caught!

Author: Selena Luna

*000*2020-02-12 17:38

Sunday night, a friend of mine and my husband's came over to hang out and smoke weed with us. We were having a good time, sitting on my bed and chatting, passing the bowl around. I had a semi full bladder, nothing I was really worried about. In a normal situation, I wouldn't even go to the toilet at this level because I prefer to pee, even not during a hold, when I have a substantial amount to go. For reference, I was wearing pajama pants and a tshirt. Well, we got halfway through the bowl and I was feeling buzzed. I took a decent sized hit aaand I coughed. Hard. The force of the cough pushed down hard on my bladder and forced out a decent sized spurt. It stayed trapped between my pussy lips, luckily so I let it slowly dribble out from there into my panties, soaking the front of them in a pingpong ball sized wet patch.

Unfortunately, I coughed again and it pushed more pee down into my urethra. My friend and my husband were concerned about my coughing but seemed not to suspect my dampness problem!! I shifted in place a little, trying to get the pee to say in and not soak into my panties. I wasn't sure they could handle much more fluid. Unfortunately, I couldn't prevent it forever. The leak gushed out and immediately soaked into my panties behind the first wet patch. More between my legs than the front. I took a moment while my husband hand my friend distracted to maneuver a towel underneath me. I couldn't risk moving much.

A particularly vigorous movement to shove the towel between my legs and cover myself up with the blanket caused another spurt soak into the back of my panties but luckily, the towel protected my bed. I finally got the leaks under control and stepped away to another part of the basement (my bedroom is in the basement, for reference) to assess the damage. My undies were quite wet in the butt and gusset and a bit had gotten on my pajama pants. I hastily changed into a dress and put on a depends pullup to catch any future leaks. Because why bother going to a toilet at this point, right?

I can say for sure my husband didn't notice because he would have said something. My friend may or may not have. I don't know. But she didn't mentionthe sudden change of clothing. Some part of me suspects she had an idea of what happened and kept quiet tospare my feelings but I would honestly have laughed it off.

This isn't the first time I have "gotten away with" wetting my panties in the presence of another but it was fresh in my mind so I thought I would share.

*003*2020-02-17 17:22

Haha so it turns out, my husband did actually notice what happened at the time. He laughed with me about it the other day and then he peed his boxers in front of me for my amusement.

