Wet myself at home after a lot of beer

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-10-05 13:39

When I was 21 in college, I use to a lot drink alcohol but I quit for a long time. Now im 29 Yesterday drunk 6 shots and drink probably 20 beers . When the water started to hit my bladder I walk to the bathroom, but the door was locked. I managed to get so drunk I managed to locked the bathroom door. I went to my kitchen to find a butter knife I was so drunk it took a long time. When I found one I needed to pee really bad, I use the butter knife on the door, but it was not effective. I decided to take another shot which numbed my bladder so much i couldn't tell how bad I needed to pee.

I started to watch videos on youtube for a while, but 20 minutes later the alcohol wore off any I felt how full my bladder was. It was so full that it was sore and I started to tear up. I went back to my bathroom door to try to open it, but I didn't have a screw driver to open the door. I decided to do more drink more beer, I became so num and drunk I lost attention to my bladder so I started watching music videos. I still felt how full my bladder wasss so I tried to open my bathroom door again. I still could not get it open.

I was so drunk, that I was trying to open my bathroom door with a plastic fork. I guess my bladder was so numb that it couldn't hold it any more an I started to pee in my pants and on to my carpet. I started soaking my pants and I coulndt stop it because I was so numb from the alcohol. I tried to stop it, but my bladder muscles were so stain they didn't even move so I pee pee in my jeans at full force. I collapsed to my knees trying to stop it, but it kept coming out into my jeans. 

I was so drunk I fell over on my left side on to the ground, it stopped the pee for a second, but it started to come out again. (I naturally cry when I have to pee really bad or lose control my bladder, its the only thing that makes my cry even if im holding it for fun!). When I fell on my side the pee kept coming out on the carpet and it started soaking my shirt. when my bladder was empty I soaked the carpet in front of my bathroom, I was crying and my pants where soaked as I lied on my side. I kept on crying after I wet my pants, I stood up to try to open the door. I was still so drunk that I discovered my bathroom door nob wasn't locked, my shoe jammed the door on the other side because I pushed the door softly and it opened.

I cant handle holding a full bladder! I was born with a small bladder.

Feel free to message me!

Mr. Baby Bladder...

