Bloody Mornings

Author: Ronyo

*000*2010-07-13 10:47

Well last night I was up for a while, and drank quite a bit I guess thinking about it, was chatting to friends and didn't even think about it, once it was about 12am I decided to go to bed. I woke up this morning with quite a full bladder, enough to give me some grief as I got out of bed, I moved out into the hall to go to the toilet, but unfortunately my Grandma was in there (At the moment I'm staying at my Nan's until I head off to Uni), and she's in the shower.

The biggest issue, not my Nan's fault of course, is that she is quite old, and has a whole list of physical problems which I can't even remember, so she takes loads of time to do things. So there I am squirming outside the bathroom while she's showering, both pleased and annoyed at the situation, thank God for this fetish..

After a while I heard the shower turn off, and her getting out and starting to dry, I call in and ask if she's ok, she is, but again, is going to take her time (I don't have the heart to ask her to speed it up even a little). Suddenly I feel my groin get damp as a spurt shoots into the shorts I wore to bed, and my hands just clamp down like a vice, I'm stepping on the spot big time and just muttering to myself. After what felt like an age, the door opens and I force myself to stand straight and smile and say thank you, darting in and closing the door once my Nan was gone.

Just moving made me spurt even more, I had a fairly good-sized wet patch on the front of my shorts now. Squirming on the spot I realised I was probably gonna make a mess, so I just did what I thought best and jumped into the shower and close the doors. At that point Niagara falls decided to visit, and my shorts just got dark, fast, I literally had to cover my mouth to stop myself from moaning too loudly.

Once it was all over I got showered, in my shorts (Always feels nice), and thankfully I hadn't made a mess anywhere on the floor. After I just dumped my shorts into the washing machine, noone was the wiser. A rare accident, but one I'm glad happened ^.^

*002*2010-07-13 23:20

Wow... I didn't actually think it'd be called 'hot' xD

And when I said moan, it was more of a loud sigh with a touch of 'It's 7am and I want to go back to bed' xP

If I do anything else (Or see it) I'll be sure to tell you guys about it ^_^

*004*2010-07-29 14:33

I do hope you're implying that it was a nice experience, and not made-up xD

Thank you ^^

*006*2010-07-31 00:02

Well thats a good point I guess, since people who're interesting in omorashi are rarely involved in and actual 'accident' it's hard to tell whether or not it's just a story.. I guess I should be happy I had a real experience xD

*009*2010-08-14 17:26

Yeah well I'm not about to wet the bed at my grandparents place xD

