Desperation and arousal after a run

Author: OmoEastCoast

*000*2019-05-06 20:07

I’ve been a lurker on here for a while, and just decided to make an account after a particularly intense hold. It was very erotic for me. I’m a pretty short woman, with dark curly hair and glasses. I’m in relatively good shape, and I aim to work out 3-4 times/week. I’m pansexual, but more into desperation with women than with men (though as an adult, I’ve never had the opportunity to explore this with another woman). Here’s the story:

I had just gotten back into working out (after a few weeks off), and I’d finished lifting weights and running outside. I’d had a late breakfast, and drank a lot of water to prevent dehydration after running. I decided to take a nap but, once I got into bed, I realized that I had to pee. And it felt good. So, instead of sleeping, I decided to just let the need to pee grow (while reading stories on here).

Soon, my rate of breathing began to increase as the desperation to pee increased. I was getting more and more turned on, and I was very wet (not from pee). I decided to take one of those ‘I need to pee’ quizzes in which you’re told to do things. I stood up and put a leg on a chair with my arms outstretched, and the need increased. I put a cup in my pants, under my clit, and tried to pee (but nothing came out). My need increased. I sat on the toilet and spread my legs and relaxed. Nothing came out. I went back up to my room and *really* needed to pee.

I began to essentially hump the air, lying in bed, both because I was immensely turned on and immensely desperate to pee. My clit was throbbing. I was soaked (yet I still hadn’t peed).

My bladder felt a twinge, and while I like the feeling of being desperate to pee, I don’t like any pain. But it was only one twinge, so I continued to hold it in.

I took a few deep breaths, and the need to pee increased. There was now a sharp pain in my lower abdomen, and my clit was still throbbing. As I don’t like pain, I decided to let myself pee. I really had to go, and had to walk really slowly to the bathroom, as every step caused a surge in desperation. I held my legs close together as I walked, because I felt like I might leak if they were too open.

When I got to the bathroom, I sat on the toilet. I tried to let myself pee, and my arousal increased. I was close to shaking from my need to pee. I continued to sit on the toilet, for maybe one more minute, and then I fully relaxed and let myself pee. It was close to orgasmic. Once I finished, my clit was still swollen and I was still wet due to arousal.

There is more to the story, but I’m going to leave it here for now. Totally open to feedback (especially on writing quality).

