Messing around with a padlock

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-03-03 13:43

I AM FURIOUS XD I JUST WROTE THIS ALL DOWN AND THEN MY PC DIED AND I LOST ALL OF IT XD

Annnyways let me try again -_-

So some people have asked me to tell this story and i plan to but at a cost... i have ran out of expiriences after this 0_0 so the only ones i can write are either fiction or like a game that i plan to make with people if they are interested.

So about 4 years ago when i was around 16-15 i cant remember exactly which one I had a free house for half the day so i woke up and went about my day but decided to try not to pee at all but i ended up peeing cuz i was getting really desperate before my family had left for the day. So at about 11 i decided to just chug alot of water and watch TV. My family had left and at about 3 oclock i started to feel a little desperate. At 4 though i was on the couch squirming like mad. I decided to get my bike lock and put it around my belt to make the hold more interesting. I didn't plan on wetting though because i didn't want to have to deal with the hassle of hiding anything. I ended up rushing to the bathroom upstairs because i nearly lost it when watching TV.

The tightness of the lock really pushed against my bladder and at some points i remember it being a little painful but it didn't last long. I was hopping from foot to foot madly when I had the urge to grab the key and unlock myself. But i was having a lot of fun so i decided to try and hold it a little longer. I ended up doubling over in an attempt to not pee when a massive urge came over me. I did leak a little bit cuz i remember feeling it escape and felt a bit of warmth. My jeans where light grey and very tight. At this point i decided to grab the key but when i went and reached for it I nearly wet myself completely due to another urge coming over me. I was very very desperate and on the very of wetting myself so i readied myself and gained as much control as i could before attempting to unlock and take off my jeans and knickers, I thought i could do it in a swift enough motion as to not leak in my pants. I was wrong.

I let go of my crotch and grabbed the key, stuffed the key into the lock (not far enough in tho) and twisted really hard and quick which BROKE THE KEY! I was shocked but still trying to get my pants off. It was like that type of feeling where you know you are going to pee very soon even if you try and regain control by holding yourself so i decided to just start trying to pull my pants down without the key which... didn't go well.

My muscles where tired and as i struggled to pull my jeans off so i could pee i just couldn't hold it in any longer and it started to come out. I abandoned any attempts to take off my pants when i realised i was fully wetting myself and sat on the toilet to try and not let it get on the floor as much. I ended up pushing the key all the way in with the unsnapped part and unlocked it but it took like 20 minutes, after that the lock was buggered so i tossed it. I put everything in the wash and was safe from getting caught haha. I actually kept the key to remember the expirience and still have it on my key ring now XD (the attached photo to see how it snapped)

This is probably one of my favourite wetting ever! sadly though that was my last expirience that i have to tell. If i do another hold i will upload how it went here but i think im just gonna have to go with writing fiction until then XD sorryyyyy i wish i had more expiriences to share!!

$$

