Desperation witness

Author: Calvin1

*000*2019-11-24 02:28

Well here I am on another trip. We got to the hotel today at around 3:00pm and since we have to leave early, decided to meet early, 4:00pm for dinner. I figured, why not try for a hold, so I drank a couple of glasses of water, probably 12oz each and then one more just before going down. There are 3 of us here, so me, another male, " John" and 1 female "Jane". We met downstairs and ordered dinner, and each of us had a beer. Well dinner went well, so we each had another beer and conversation flowed. I did notice how my bladder was starting to give me that feeling of I need to pee, but it wasn't bad, maybe a 2.

Jane mentioned that she had to go to the bathroom and so she did, darn, and John went as well, he jokingly said that beer runs right through him. I waited and was actually enjoying that feeling of needing to go, but not yet dying to go. Jane came back and said that she was going to go out to the pool area and have a smoke, so we decided to join her. Along the way, another beer for all of us. Quick description, she is about 5'4, not more than 115lbs, a few years older than me, but very attractive.

We sat around the pool and talked. I did notice she was starting to fidget a little, but I thought that it might be the chair, they were uncomfortable. That is until she crossed her legs, then it hit me, she needs to pee. We continued talking, and I saw her fidgeting more and her foot was now tapping, and my mind was starting to lose track of the conversation, as well as I was also starting to become a little desperate. John said he had to go, so he left and she decided another cigarette would be ok. Of course I stayed. I was watching, hoping not obviously, but I did notice a few quick clenches of her thighs and just a little hip movement. It was a good thing I had on black pants that were loose fitting. She quickly snubbed out the cigarette and as casually as she could, said I hope the toilet in my room is working again or the maids will have a surprise in the morning.

She got up and we went to the elevator to go up to the rooms. While standing and waiting, she looked at me and said in a tense voice "God, I hope this elevator comes quickly," and quickly crossed her legs just a little. Lucky for her the elevator was quick and we entered. The ride up to our floor was both very hot, not in the heat, and also uncomfortable which was exciting. My desperation had jumped tremendously and I was almost ready to pee myself, but I am still to self conscious to do that in public. 

Luckily her fidgeting, made me think of other things I would have wanted to do. We reached out floor and when the doors opened she was almost running out. It was exciting walking behind her because she did have her legs together in that I need to pee walk and when she got to her room she quickly opened the door and with her one hand was unzipping or unbuttoning her pants, the door closed to fast to see anything else, and as I was quickly about to wet myself ended up half running to my room although, I did have to hold myself while opening my door and almost peed myself before making it to the bathroom. I wonder if she made it, or if her panties got wet. Now I need a cold shower.

