Sarah's Diaries : A week in the Lake District

Author: jasonpa

*000*2016-06-06 23:24

As I have previously stated, Sarah (36) is my wife of 12 years and mother of our two sons aged 9 and 6. Since I have known Sarah she has always had bladder issues, from leaving it to late and getting caught short to dribbling slightly over time and having to change.

I know some people thought I was somewhat selfish and uncaring to post a picture in my previous post of the lower half of my wife in incontinence pants, maybe I was, but no one would possibly recognise her from it and I can guarantee 100% she would not be on this website.

My previous episodes have been at least 6 months ago well these happened only last week. I will keep it as brief as possible but as always I will provide further details if requested.

Sarah had a meeting with a company who were hoping to become and major supplier of components. From what I could gather the was a big deal for them being a small firm. They were based in the Carlisle area. As it was half term, the forecast was good (which it turned out to be) and on the Saturday we had a family wedding in Harrogate, I suggested we hire a caravan in the lake district. This we did from Monday until Saturday morning. Sarah would have to leave us on the Wednesday morning and return on the Thursday evening.

We drove up Monday morning and as usual Sarah requested an urgent stop in a lay-by. As our youngest also wanted a wee he went with Sarah as lookout. I felt at little jealous at missing out on watching her squat in the bushes.

We got to the campsite, the caravan was basic but clean, 2 bedrooms, bunks for the kids, the site had a restaurant / club house and an outdoor pool.

On the Tuesday we went for a walk, it was very pleasant, Sarah wore a white blouse, cardigan and denim shorts. I had been skimming stones in the lake with the kids having left Sarah strolling along the path. When I returned her cardigan was around her waist, I offered to put it in my rucksack, but she was adamant it was staying round her waist. Was I just imaging it or was she walking a little awkwardly, I was sure she had wet her shorts but I could not see.

As soon as we arrived at the caravan she was straight into the toilet. The kids were playing outside, I quietly walked through to our room and sat on the bed. It was several minutes before Sarah walked in holding her shorts and black cotton panties (both of which were clearly wet), naked from the waist down, I couldn't help but admire her smooth pale legs and red/orange landing strip.

She was surprised to see me “I thought you were looking after the kids. I will be out in a minute I am just putting my bikini on” she said throwing her wet clothes casually into the bottom of the wardrobe.

“OK, I'm going” I said, knowing there was no point pursuing the matter any further.

It was an hour later before I got the chance to examine the wet items. Her denim shorts had a wet patch about 4 inches across at the front but there was actually a dry area around the crotch. I am assuming this was due to the fact she would have been wearing a panty liner. Do you think that's a fare assessment?

I was so horny all day and tried to get close that evening, Sarah just said the walls were to thin and rolled over.

On Wednesday morning Sarah left in the car, we had pushbikes to get around. Thursday mid afternoon she rang to say the audit was not going as fast as expected and she would not be completed until tomorrow lunch so she would have to stay another night.

That evening after the kids were in bed I googled the company she was visiting, the headline banner being about being given the green light to supply components to Sarah's company and there was a picture of her shaking hands with the MD. I felt proud she lucked pretty stunning this was my wife the mother of my kids (I won't post her picture this time).

Before going to sleep I couldn't help but go through Sarah's bag full of laundry, the denim shorts which were now dry and smelt and 6 pairs of cotton briefs of various soiled states. I'm sure you can guess what I did next.

Sarah returned about 3pm on the Friday and we all headed off to the pool, the weather was gorgeous.

I volunteered to cook the evening meal so headed back while Sarah kept her eyes on the kids in the pool. Before I started cooking I had to look in Sarah's case, the one she took to Carlisle. I had to know if she had managed to stay dry.

The case was still in the boot of the car, I opened it (it had a combination lock which took three attempts to guess), my heart pounding.

Usual bits and pieces even a pair of unworn cotton briefs. I then found a cream lace thigh length cocktail dress, I had never seen her in that, I wonder when she had worn it. Then I found a plastic bag and opened it. The first thing that caught my attention was not her knickers but a white suspender belt and matching stockings. Never in the years I have known Sarah has she worn anything but pantyhose. There was the usual pairs of cotton panties mostly mainly clean if I am honest plus a pair of white silk/lace knickers which again I had never seen before. I examined them the gusset for most of it was rock solid but there was still wet areas of a thick white substance (definitely not seaman). The crotch had clearly been very wet and for once most of it was not urine.

My mind was racing in fact it still in is, has she been unfaithful again or could it be she has just been turned on or could it be something else? Please help me with your thoughts on this one, good or bad I need to know. Girls especially help me out here.

Following our meal we went to the on-site club for a few drinks, Sarah wore a black blouse, tight jeans and heals. On the way back we stopped at the swings so the kids could play. After a few minutes Sarah said she had to go back as she needed the toilet but would be back in a few minutes. I watched her head towards the caravan as fast as she dare in her heals. We headed back after 15 minutes, still no sign of Sarah.

When we got back Sarah was still in her black blouse, but now her pyjama bottoms. Her jeans along with a few other items were hung on the washing line and her heals were outside the door soaking wet through. Sarah must have had a complete flood and I missed it. God I was so frustrated.

Once the lads had gone to bed we sat outside drinking wine, now was the perfect time to ask about her accident I DIDN'T. Know was the time to ask about her sexy new underwear I DIDN'T.

*004*2016-06-09 22:26

Thanks for replying it is much appreciated.

I was particularly keen to get a females point of view on this.

Usually her gusset is fairly clean (I regularly check) I think due to the fact she always wears a pad.

It is good to hear though that maybe my worst fears have not been realised.

As you say good communication is the key, I am a little scared if I am honest to find out the truth.

