Beach pee

Author: OmoEastCoast

*000*2019-12-23 18:45

I’m currently at a beach. 5’2, 140lbs (I like to think it’s more muscle than fat), dark hair. Black bikini.

My need to pee began to grow, quickly. I’m not sure why the desperation crept up on me, but it did. Within minutes of feeling the need to pee, my clit started to gently tingle. But then I felt pain in my bladder, which I don’t like. I decided that I was going to go in the ocean.

The only problem was that the ocean was cold. I couldn’t even get waist deep. I walked maybe 30-50 feet away from other swimmers (I hope this is enough?) and kept walking. I made a decision to let go, but nothing came out. I could feel my pee inching its way out, and my clit wanted attention (I gave it none, as I’m in public). I went a tiny bit deeper into the ocean, and again decided to pee.

This time, I felt a hot spurt. My bikini bottom was now wet with my pee. It felt amazing. I both pushed and let myself relax, and hot piss began to stream down my legs. I kept walking while peeing, my legs hot with the pee. Then, I went deeper into the ocean, and let it wash my piss away.

And now, I’m about to go back into the ocean...

*006*2020-01-13 20:52

{{On 12/27/2019 at 12:54 AM, lovetohold said:

Peeing in the ocean is so freeing! Glad you had a good time.

When you went in the ocean a second time, was it to pee once more, or was it to touch yourself? I have a hard time avoiding arousal after peeing in a public place, so I don't know how you managed to avoid taking care of that need, haha

}}

It was either to pee a second time, or to just go back into the ocean. As it was a public beach, there were families & kids around. While I’m ok peeing in the ocean when I really have to go, I’d absolutely never touch myself publicly like that. Not in the presence of kids or *anybody* who isn’t consenting to it.

