My second wetting experience

Author: Jaylah

*000*2016-11-09 17:09

It's been in my marriage for the 3rd year, I just turned 22. I thought 23 but was corrected ^^'

My husband who I'll reference as D (1st initial) planned on a week long break back to British Columbia at a hot spot called tolfino. (Resort). I was getting more and more of my motor functions back due to a bad car accident I was in b4 we married, and he's been taking care of me with everything, even the attire I wear everyday. Everything from over to under garments and he's really big into thong/v/gstring wear. For him I don't mind. He's very particular, and for all the care and time he invested in me and his good sense of fashion after trial and errors ^^*, why not? 

Normally I'll wear skirts or dresses(his thing and again I for him) except when I'm working out or doing excersises, then he'll let me wear workout pants, he says he liked the way my ass looks in workout pants. Anyways, it was a very nice day, a few people were out and about, my D already went out early and did the run. He is an extreme workout enthusiast, the army does that maybe?? Anyways, I had a hard time getting awake, I was very comfy, I think I downed a half pot of coffee and water. I was awake. So I wore a blue workout outfit, blue lace v-string , mostly because he's into blues and teals, no way in hell I was gonna let other ladies grab his attention. ;)

We started our jog and I did fairly well surprising, I'm normally done after a half a kilometer. Before my accident I could of kept up with the most part easy. I ended up walking half, he took it easy and walked with me. We made it to our turn around point, I must of consumed a lot of water, he told me to slow down, but I'm not as strong as he was I caved, water is my friend. I felt rejuvenated some so we continued. Downhill is easier so I booked it to see how far I can make it. We were about .25km away so close!!! Then like a ton of bricks I had to pee!! D asked me what was wrong, i was kinda jogging in the spot holding myself, jumping abit, squirming, I was in desperate need...I started to panic, I was crossing my legs together bending over some. 

I told him I need to go really really bad and there was only one tree and people!! I was really screwed at this point. Pain seared into my bladder, If I didn't go now I'd explode or my bladder anyways. I screamed at my husband to do something!! Anything at this point! I couldn't control anything I just began to pee, and he stopped and watched. Omg I was embarrassed!! I tried covering myself as I increasing became saturated and pee runs down the legs of my pants becoming very visible! I was so embarrassed, scared and even cried lol, and still he just watched, I was like "great...now he'll think I'm just a baby"... To add to my shame the pressure and relief caused me to orgasm..mentally I did not enjoy this at all... He finally took his jacket off and threw at me to wrap around myself. I did then I made him carry me home. My face would put that reign deers nose out of a job...I could never come back!!

We made it closer and I bitched at him for staring, he said it excited him, I demanded to know what part, he said the whole part especially the wetting, I hid my face away from him until we for back to the hotel. The clerk asked what was wrong, My D simply said I twisted my ankle, so we went back to the room. He put me down and I hit him a few times for being idle when there was nothing he could of done anyways!! I wanted to shower and change but I also had to pee again! He asked me if I could pee in my pants again. I figured why not? I'm soaked anyways and no sooner when I finished, he got undressed and I never made it to the shower, we showed me how hard he enjoyed what he seen, I remember the door knocking and someone was asking if we heard a lady scream loud, since it came in this direction. I was so embarrassed!! I did it a few more times for him before we left back to Ontario.

Over the years I accumulated all Sorts of nice dresses, skirts, lingerie, thong teddies/body suits and anything that my hubby would find sexy. I watched a few videos for inspiration, and ideas to wow him. It's comforting to know that I'm not a freak. It was a regular thing and the sex was amazing, it was amazing before but it made it more intense. After 7months I stopped...it was almost 6.5 years later (recent) that I'm trying to sway myself into it again..

*003*2017-02-05 09:24

I enjoy doing it for my hubby, I enjoy what he does as a result ^^'

*005*2017-02-05 21:00

Our sex life has gotten very exciting It was exciting before, i wet, he roughs, we both get our desires met ^^

