Hold it contest and the aftermath

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2020-02-28 02:23

This is my 500th post!

A couple years ago I met someone on Tumblr. We lived in different states and were just texting, facetiming, and chatting for a few months. We had a lot of fun together with diapers, wetting, bladder control, and other naughty ddlg activities. We decided one night to have a hold it contest. We laid out the rules first. 1 glass of water every 20 minutes. We were video chatting so we could make sure we both followed the rules. I was wearing boxers and jeans and she had on some grey yoga pants.

We got 1.5-2 hours in and we were both pretty desperate. I moved to the bathroom so I could jump in the shower if I lost control and she laid some towels down on her bedroom floor since she had room mates and couldn't hang out in the bathroom. There was a lot of grabbing, potty dancing, and trying to talk the other into giving up.

We had each leaked a few times and had visible wet spots. It wasn't much longer before it just hurt too much and I jumped in the shower and gave in. It was heavenly! The relief was orgasmic! Once it was clear that she had won she just let go and soaked herself too. Then we had some other naughty fun...

That night brought some unexpected side effects for us both. We had emptied our bladders but we still had tons of water inside us and both of us woke up a couple times in the middle of the night with extreme desperation. It was a 'get up right now and run to the toilet or you'll have an accident' kind of situation. We talked about it the next day and decided not to do it again unless we could just wet the bed and not worry about getting up. We both had to work the next morning or we would have just wet the bed that night. I keep diapers in my room now for those nights I want to sleep in and not get up to pee.

Has anyone else had that experience? Doing a really big hold and then having a hard time not having more accidents later on?

