Experimenting with snow pants

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2020-01-04 00:34

With my newfound interest in snow pants wetting (likely triggered by a possible Equestria Girls instance that probably didn't really happen but is easy to headcanon) I experimented around with wetting my snow pants.

First, I wore them over a pair of black athletic pants (fairly thick) with my "wetting" underwear underneath, and peed standing up. It leaked through the leg holes. Afterwards I showered in my snow pants to rinse the pee out, then washed them, then dried them. It was pretty fun.

Then I tried wetting them sitting down, again in the shower. It was also fun, and got the outer butt of my snow pants wet. This time I wore my black pajama shorts underneath, as it was my morning pee. So naturally there was a smell, but it washed out just fine.

Then I went for a walk, again with my athletic pants underneath, peeing just a little bit occasionally. It wasn't enough to leak or show up on my snow pants so the one person I walked by never noticed or suspected a thing. I did have to hide how excited and nervous I was though at walking out and about like that.

After that I sat at my computer for a bit, without changing, and drank a lot of water and tea. When I had to pee, I just let it all out in my snow pants. Twice, and it lasted quite a bit both times. The first time it was absorbed and dampened my snow pants outside a bit, I found it really fun. The second time, I flooded my snow pants, I could feel the pee pooled around my butt and a bit on the garbage bag I put on my seat just in case. Fortunately I put one on my carpet too because when I stood up quite a bit of it leaked out and made a small puddle.

So I removed my snow pants and took them to the bathroom along with my seat protection to prevent dripping. I left my wet pants on, they weren't dripping, and there wasn't a single dry spot left on my underwear (skintight black boxer briefs). Once I was safely in the shower I put my snow pants back on, peed in them one more time, then washed up, etc.

Fortunately the pee was clear. I said I like my pee to smell but for situations like this, clear pee is my preference, less risk of leaving evidence.

That will be all for my experiments. I hope you enjoyed this. Next snow pants wetting will be casual, and as much as I enjoyed it, I'm only doing a full blown wetting in the bathroom from now on.

*003*2020-01-04 18:35

{{8 hours ago, Snowpants said:

@The Dark Wolf.

Good for you. Looks like you did a great job during your testing so you know what works for you. Would be great to hear about future snowpants wettings, especially ones if you are outside.

}}

Might not do a lot of ones outside, and if I do it'll be like the one I did yesterday, not a full-blown wetting, just a little bit at a time. There might not be a lot of stories around any future snowpants wettings but if there is I'll let you know.

On a side note, I took a bath in my very wet snow pants before rinsing in the shower. Even though most of the pee was clear except maybe the outdoor wetting. It was pretty fun, but I think peeing in them was more fun. Overflowing them like that required a little more cleanup, but still, that made it more fun in a way, even though I won't be repeating that outside the bathroom.

*010*2020-01-07 23:59

Just tried something else after being inspired by what someone else said. When I needed to pee, I went for a walk in my snow pants (athletic pants underneath, I don't really use them much), I found a spot where not a lot of people could see me from the windows, I sat down in the snow, and I peed my snow pants all the way. It didn't soak through the butt of my snow pants so the snow didn't turn yellow. Then I walked all the way back home in my wet snow pants. My pants underneath were very wet. Then I took a bath in them, then washed them, etc.

I found it really enjoyable, of course. Though not something I might do often. I did notice a bit of steam coming from my snow pants when I was peeing.

