Live Wetting - type as I go!

Author: JenniL

*000*2011-11-25 14:12

Hey all,

Apologies to those who don't like poop stories - this may contain some of that kind of content...

I have the whole house to myself today, as my friends have gone to watch a crap film at the cinema, and I have told them that I am work ;). I was just lying down playing video games when I realised I needed to go to to the loo, about an hour ago. I've decided not to go, and drank a load of juice and water.

I was just going to wet and then post afterwards, but I'm getting pretty exited so decided to post as things unfold!

If you have read my last posts, you will know that I do enjoy my juice, and it seems to have a very good laxative effect on me. I'm also chewing gum as that seems to help. I'm currently sat at my desk wearing tight bikini bottoms with leggings.

1.30 pm UK time.

I am literally quivering. My bladder is pretty full, but I'm drinking more juice. I kinda need to poop as well (Hence the warning at the top of the page).

1.35 pm

My belly is making all kinds of noises and the pressure is mounting. I'm going to watch some of the lovely videos posted on here I think. Still quivering!

1.40 pm

Ahh! I had moved to my desk to write this, but I'm now lying on my back in bed. Epic amount of pain, don't know how long I can hold it for! Wriggling to stop it coming out... Eep, just felt a dribble!

1.45 pm

Dear god this is intense! really shaking now! Felt another dribble, but really need to poop as well now...I genuinely don't know what is going to come first! I want to wet, but I don't really want to poop, I so shaky! I don't wanna move for fear of letting go...

1.50 pm

I've started playing with myself to take my mind off it... Ha! I have just sneezed! All hell has broken loose! I'm just feeling the warmth run down behind my bum. Feels really good - sweet relief! I feel a quick dash to the loo to save me cleaning up a possible BM...

2.00 pm

That was great, feel awesome after that, managed to make it to the loo before any BM though which is kinda handy. Bed is pretty wet... ahh well, needed to change the sheets anyway ;). Sorry if this was a bit short, thought it would take longer with more detail, alas, that cheeky sneeze kinda sped up the process!

Hope all is well with you all, catch you later :)

