Our first sleep over

Author: Jamie

*000*2011-03-14 03:30

We were young, about 8 or 9. I had been very in to peeing, although i was still straight then (well as straight as a girl that age can be). I had become friends with a girl from school. She had been to my house a few times and my parents liked her. Then one day we decided to have a sleep over.(I had the home field advantage) She came over and we had soda and popcorn while watching a movie. When that was over we went back to my room and were playing cards on the floor when i began to notice her starting to fidget. We kept on playing cards and she continued to fidget growing more and more forcefull.

Finally she said " where's the bathroom?" at that point i found it very hard to control my excitement. I realized that she had never been to the bathroom at my house. "Go in your pants" i said in a way that could be taken as a joke. "seriously, I really have to go!" she said pressing her hands between her legs. I just smiled. Finally she stood up and began to try to find it. I jumped up and stood in front of the bathroom door. she tryed to push me out of the way I ran inside and shut the door locking it. Then I realized that that would allow her to go find either of the two other bathrooms and making use of them. I quikly opened the door, relocked it and slamed it shut locking us both out (I can pick the lock) Then I ran down stairs after her and locked both of those bathrooms. "Come on!" she whined "Im going to pee in my pants!"

"do it" i said hoping desperately that she would. She was fidgiting a lot now, she had her legs crossed and she was pressing her hands into her crotch. "Come on please!? Ive really got to go!" she begged. I was super excited and hoped she would give in soon before my mom noticed and demanded that I let her go.

I was beginning to fear that she would last until my mom found us and made me unlock the door when she let out a gasp. I looked down and saw a wet spot appear on her pants. It spread flowing down her legs. She let out a cry, dodging past me and pulling hard on the bathroom door. It held firm and I just stood there watching as the pee ran down her pants soaking the material as she continued yanking on the door. When she had finished, She looked up at me tears glisening in her eyes. "That was mean" she said. I kind of felt bad just then despite the excitement coursing through my body. "lets go back upstairs, you can change into your pajamas." I said. We whent back upstairs. She opened her back pack to get out her pajamas. I saw it even though she tried to hide it, quickly wrapping her pajama pants around the white object. "Whats that?" I said pointing at the lump, although i already knew what it was. "Nothing" she tried to say wrapping the pajamas more tightly around the object.

"Is that a diaper?" I asked. If it was possible for her to turn any mor red, she did just then. "No" she tried to say but It was the most obvious lie ever. I grabbed it from her examining it. She stared at me her face flaming. "Its ok," I said "My brother used to have to where diapers at night" I said, which was a lie, but it seemed to make her feel a little better. "Do you have another one?" I asked, excitement further clamping down on my stomach. Silently she nodded. "You can make me wear it if you want to, to get me back for what i did." I said trying to make it sound like I didn't want to wear it. "ok" she said quietly. She whent into the bathroom to change and I rifled through her bag until I found the other diaper. My heart was racing now, I was about to actually put on a real diaper! (I had always pretended to be forced to wear a diaper)

I quickly slipped my pants an underwear off and, fingers shaking, put on the diaper. I stared at the diaper. I moved my legs around taking in the look, sound and feel of the diaper. Then Whitney came out wearing a her pajamas. If I was quiet I could hear the sound of the diaper as she walked. If I had been older, I would have been so aroused I would have had an orgasm right there. We got into sleeping bags on the floor and turned off the lights. She evidently didnt want to talk but I was to preoccupied running my hand over the diaper to notice.

Eventually I must have fallen asleep because I woke up later needing to pee. I sat up and started to get out of my sleeping bag when I remembered that I was wearing the diaper. Excitement flooded back through me as I layed back down in my sleeping bag. A broad smile crossed my face at the thought of peeing my self in the sleeping bag on purpose. I was too excited to lay there so I sat up. Every time I would try to let the pee out, my bladder would instinctively reassert control stopping the pee.

Then I told myself firmly that i would not hold my pee in for 5 seconds.I started to count to 5 slowly at first, but with increasing spead as the urge increased. Finally I got to five and clamped my legs together to stop the pee.(i cant help it, trying to hold my pee i do it every time)I didnt stop all of the pee though, I felt a tiny spurt escape into the diaper. I quickly pulled the diaper and stood up pulling my diaper down to look at the small yellow spot on the diaper. This excited me even more and evidently had another effect because i then felt that i could, atlast, make myself wet the diaper. I pulled the diaper back up and layed back down. The urge to pee returned. I fought it for only a second before surrendering control. I kept my hands on the diaper feeling it swell and dampen as pee filled it. I was too excited to sleep for the longest time but eventually i nodded off.

I woke up the next morning to my mother saying "get up, breakfast!" A thrill of fear gripped me. My mother usually checks to make sure im completely up before going back downstairs, I wished then that i had had the sense to wear something over the diaper to hide it but I was too excited about the diaper to consider precautions. I sat up, making sure the sleeping bag covered the diaper completely. She didnt move. "Im up!" I said motioning toward my friend. She gave me a look but didnt press the issue infront of my friend. I waited till i herd her footsteps fade away before pulling back the sleeping bag and looking at the wet diaper. A thrill of excitement flooded me once again. "I wet the diaper" I told her. (I didnt tell her it was on purpose)

Her eyes widened in surprise. "did you?" I asked hoping to see her in a wet diaper too. she shook her head. I was slightly disappointed but it was ok. I went into the diaper to take off the wet diaper. I locked the door and turned to face the toilet. I started to slip the diaper off but then I stopped. I thought I might as well have some fun with it. I stood in the tub and began to squeeze my legs together and press down on the diaper to see if it would leak. I pressed it really hard and a drop leaked out of the side and ran down my leg. I took the diaper off and dropped it in the trash can going back out to my friend. she whent into the bathroom and changed into clothes too. I listened at the door and herd the sound of her slipping the diaper off and more excitement jumped in my stomach. Every time I whent to the bathroom that day and saw my wet diaper in the trash can my excitement returned.

Since then I have corrupted her and brought her more toward my way of thinking and she has become my best friend! Later she stopped wetting the bed and stopped wearing diapers for a while but now shes back in diaper again for now. Shes still embarassed about it but i just think its sexy. YOU GO GIRL!

*006*2011-03-15 02:07

And you probably never will but i love you any way! Yeah, sorry it repeats

*008*2011-04-07 15:12

Well thankya :) I edited it so it should be much shorter now!

