Peed my pants at the airport

Author: Dthompson

*000*2022-06-06 18:04

I was traveling this past weekend with some family so I couldn’t be padded and I had to fly home Sunday. I loaded into the car and we began our 2 hour trip to the airport. I was running late in the morning so didn’t get a chance to pee before leaving and was running late at the airport so I couldn’t pee before going through tsa. The line was long - very long and I was very desperate. As we were snaking through the line I was getting very worried I wouldn’t make it I was already at a 9/10. I got to the point where you have to take everything off to load it through the scanner when attempting to take my belt off the added pressure made me have my first leak … and it was bigger than anticipated.

I was panicking there was a wet spot the size of about two quarters on my shorts and I was praying no one noticed and I went through fast. Getting in the scanner I had to open my legs and put my arms up and I leaked again … now it was noticeable .. I had a baseball size wet spot on my shorts. I was mortified … the TSA agent even asked if I had anything in my pocket and profusely apologized and said I really had to pee. He sort of just brushed it off thankfully and waved me on. Now I had to get to the bathroom immediately. I quickly grabbed my bags and started speed walking to the nearest bathroom and I kept leaking on the way. There was no mistaking I was wetting my pants. Then it happened. I got Into the bathroom and there were no free toilets.

The sound of pee hitting the urinals was all I could take and I stood there, hands in my crotch, wetting my pants like a toddler, the dark wet spot spreading out on my shorts. There was nothing I could do I was frozen. One guy eventually finished and turned from the urinal seeing me and apologized for taking long - it wasn’t his fault though. So now I’m standing there in soaked pants for everyone to see. Next two guys probably in there late teens wakes in and rounded the corner seeing me in plain sight and immediately let out an audible laugh until they caught themselves and stopped. I immediately ran into the next open stall and diapered up and changed my shorts. The flight was uneventful but upon landing home I went into the bathroom at the next airport to see how wet I was and I would’ve soaked the seat again if I wasn’t padded…

$$

$$

*003*2022-06-08 06:03

{{11 hours ago, grsy97 said:

Whoa. That's hot. Did your family see your accident?

}}

Thankfully no, I was flying back to my place while they were driving back to theirs

