I peed my skirt in the car....multiple times! (KozmoLotto V Winners Requests: Part 1)

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2018-06-22 23:14

Hi everybody! Its me, your friendly neighborhood KozmoFox! Now I'm sure a lot of you probably forgot that this was coming, given its been months and months and months since I held the actual lotto portion of Lotto 5, but I'm a busy lady okay? So much has changed in my life in the last year that actually taking the time of day to do something like this has become a rare pleasure, given that I now have my own apartment, I'm a student, a moderator here, a working journalist now even with her own bills to pay. Hell, I hardly have time to write. But here I am, writing away!

Given its been so bloody long, let me run a refresher course for all the new faces I've seen around here in recent times. KozmoLotto is an event I hold for the website wherein I have people roll a dice roller, and whomever has the number closest to mine at the end of like 2 weeks gets to give me a reasonable scenario (Reasonable as in I'm not going to do over the top or super humiliating things) and I will put myself through it and I'll write about it. The scenario I'm writing for example, was from a user named @ews21

, who requested I drive around while desperate in the car until I can no longer hold it. He expanded upon it in a pm! There was two winners this time, the other being @Imouto Bouquet

(I'll get to yours soon <3)

" for my challenge, you can wear whatever you want, preferably something like a skirt and tights, but again its your choice. This challenge is more of a practice thing where you try different techniques to determine what the best one is for peeing in a car as a female. Obvious you would have to try to use a bottle, a cup and a towel when you have to pee. You can also use anything else you would commonly find in your car, for instance a plastic bag or a pad. And of course finish with peeing yourself. You don't have to drive as that would be dangerous, but you do have to do all of these in the confines of the car ie you can't take your clothes off outside the car. Use as much protection as you need to keep your car clean and do this wherever you feel comfortable. "

So let us get on with the show. If any of you have read my previous stuff, which I'll probably link at the bottom, you already have a decent idea of how I look.

I'm not big. At all. For your general image peg me at somewhere in 100 pounds, 5'5. Skinnysmol, tatted up scenegoth chick. Got ink on my chest, collarbone, back, arms, some on my legs. This is one of the reasons that unlike some of my braver friends, any pictures I ever post, which will be probably never, will have to be taken very carefully because I definitely don't want to be recognized. Makes sense, right? Currently I have long blackish/brown hair that I occasionally touch up with some red hair dye to keep its shade.

As for clothing, I went a little extra. If you know me, you know that I have a lot of wigs and I like to even wear them for recreational use sometimes, as I am a woman of many looks. On this specific day, I wore a long red haired wig, a jean miniskirt, a matching set of white bra and panties, a white tanktop, black leather jacket, and black and red striped thigh highs. Top it all off with a black beanie and I was ready to go!

I borrowed my friends car for this, as I often do. I don't have my own but he doesn't care what I use it for as long as I return it and he doesn't need it during that specific timeframe. I got to his house with a backpack full of towels and spare clothes (obviously didn't show him what was inside) and already desperate as fuck to pee. I tried to keep my knee-knocking to a minimum in his presence and took off as soon as I could for very obvious and soon to be leaky reasons. I didn't want to have to fill up while in the car and have it for longer so for a few hours beforehand I had been ingesting a firehoses amount of water, and then had to hold it the entire bus ride that took well over an hour and a transfer or two, which was absolutely grueling and I'm bad at timing my holding things so I'm surprised I made it even that far without a dribble. It was a matter of optimizing the time of the challenge, however. So worth?

So I take the car and I drive off, just kind of planning a route and getting used to the fact that I'm driving so I can't really jiggle my legs or cross them or anything like that. I stop when I pull around the corner and set up a trash bag and some towels on top of it, knowing full well the shenanigans that are to come. Once I'm all set up I pull my water bottle and several other things out from my backpack, stuff that was kinda specified in the message. like more plastic bags, an empty water bottle, stuff like that.

I drove around for maybe another 20 minutes, a sweat building on my brow from what was honestly a mostly constant bounce. I'm sure a lot of people know by now, that I am a very animated holder. Even when I'm trying not to be seen, I have subtle techniques. Subtle ways to alleviate pressures and shit. When I don't care or nobody's watching, I'm full on jumping, stuffing my hands between my legs, criss crossing, everything.

NONE of this could be done in a car. My hands and legs had to be in certain places doing certain things at all times. This was faaaar from my comfort zone, and I can't even begin to describe just how much harder this made holding it all in. I felt like I was going to flood my skirt and pee all over the seat at literally any second. I felt that way for 20 minutes. Every, single, second. That perpetual feeling of being on the absolute verge was agony, and after 20 minutes I hit a red light and my inner teeter totter of control started to dip to the other side. I had a brief moment to focus on myself and not on the road, I drove my free hand down my skirt and held on for dear life. Somehow, perhaps the sudden mental shift bringing the feeling to the forefront of my mind, made it worse. My hand suddenly grew wet as I spurted against my palm.

Being the quick thinker I am, I remembered the very challenge I was doing. I removed my hand, grabbed the bottle, and pulled my underwear aside. It was not pretty. I peed on my hand, got some on my legs, the seat, my socks, maybe even one of the pedals. But the vast majority of it went right into the bottle, and I didn't cut it off until it was full. I felt SO much fucking better. And then the light turned green. I still had a substantial amount in me, and I needed to fill up more, so I grabbed my OTHER bottle with actual water, and began to drink as I drove off. At some point I poured the bottle of my mostly clear urine out the window.

I got back to my city, and coasted around for a bit. Got some food with an extra large drink and chilled out in the parking lot. I was damp, a little bit of everything was, but the damage wasn't too bad. It was like the amount of liquid when like, someone makes you laugh when you're drinking and you either spit it or it sprays out your nose. It isn't a lot, it just covers a lot of area.

Enjoying a meal while really needing to pee is an odd thing. Makes enjoying the food a little more difficult, but it can help the hold given when you eat you gotta wash it down, and of that I had plenty. See, this next incident happens roughly 40 minutes after the first one. My kidneys were ramped up to max velocity so my bladder had more than replaced what liquids I had lost, and it was more tired as a result of incident one. It got to the point where I was leaking tiny droplets again and softly mewling into my food from the pangs of desperation and then I was like, yeah, lets see what else is on this list before I piss all over the car while swallowing A&W.

I chugged down the rest of my pop as soon as I could, and I was already starting to wet myself, a slight pool forming around my neither region on the towel I was sitting on, before I once more pulled my underwear to the side and let loose into this big cup. I didn't miss at all this time, with the margin for error being very small, but I only actually got to fill this up about 1/4 of the way before putting it aside in a hurry, as this was in a parking lot and there was people coming by.

I got myself back in order, still desperate as FUCK for a pee, and drove a loop through the drive through, tossing the peed in cup into the trash as I pulled around. I really had to pee. No, seriously, I REALLY had to pee. I did not get enough out on that time to feel even remotely better. It was more frustrating than anything, and I could feel the underside of my skirt was wet and chafing against my thigh. I was sweating and groaning like a maniac, and I still had more things to do. Luckily I wouldn't even last another 10 minutes until my next incident.

The next incident, is where the towel in the message would come into play, and I had brought yet another one for this specific purpose. I was driving down some roads, really needing to pee, on the absolute verge of completely wetting myself like a child in her car seat at any given moment. I needed to find a place to park, like some behind building parking lot in which I could just pee into this towel. Unfortunately, my body was just not having it at this point, not one bit. I was still driving down the street when I felt my entire torso contort, the pressure on my bladder condensing and twisting onto itself, signalling it was about to let go whether I wanted it to or not. Hands on the wheel, foot on the pedal, mouth saying 'No, please no, not yet' while I felt the floodgates ram open and my piss starting to pool beneath me. I pulled to the side of the road, threw the spare towel on the floor of the car, and slid down the seat, once more pulling my underwear aside.

For a solid five seconds, I peed full force onto that towel. Not sure if you've ever peed with all of your force and might, pushing it with all your strength for 5 seconds, but you can get a lot out in that amount of time and the towel was overly saturated in no time at all. I panicked, realizing that I had just started wetting myself and pulled over while doing so, to the sidewalk, on a busy street. An inspection of my seat revealed a Kozmo-butt print on the two towels I was sitting on, which was soaked. My skirt? The ass of it was practically destroyed.

Where most of it was blue, a solid third of the denim, being on my behind, was almost black from how saturated with pee it was. I sat back down onto the towels and felt them squish. I was on high alert fight or flight mode at this point, because again, busy street, people walking up and down the sidewalk. I knew I'd gotten away with it, but anyone to walk by at that current moment could glance in and become very confused, like what is that girl doing with all those damn towels? The fuck she spill? And so I gunned it away as fast as I could. I pulled through a Tim Hortons, and grabbed an extra large coffee. There was still one step left. I hopped on the highway towards home.

Having peed on or in every object I intended to pee on or in, and with my clothing already badly damaged, the last thing I had to do was wet myself in this very car. Of course, I could have just let go. But who have I ever been to take the easy way out? I wanted to see if I could make it home first, or at least how close I could. I have no doubts that on a normal day on a normal hold, with this amount of liquid, I would have made it fine. My bladder is normally steely enough and capable enough to withstand such a toll.

But now was different. I was on my last legs. After the constant near bursts my bladder had suffered, it was like a boxer in the final round after having gone the distance. My muscles just didn't want to do it anymore. The coffee made its presence known, and before I knew it I was at bursting capacity again. I shifted from side to side, jiggling my non-pedal leg, I did my absolute best not to think about it. But I was driving on a highway, and aside from taking one hand off the wheel to stuff it and my skirt into my crotch, there was fuck all I could do about it. My bladder gave up its hold, despite my constant moans and groans and squeaks of protest. I lost complete control, and grandly peed my skirt right there in that seat.

And I was only halfway home, driving on a highway.

Tears plucked at my eyes from desperation and frustration, constantly saying "No no no, I'm almost there please fucking no" as I felt the first drops moisten my already damp panties. I wanted to bad to throw one leg over the other. Add my other hand. Jump around. Do ANYTHING at all, but I couldn't. I literally could not. I'm not used to losing control and not being able to fight it. I'm not used to wetting myself so HELPLESSLY. I can't tell you what it looked like. I didn't take my eyes off the road. Not once.

But I can tell you how it felt. I can tell you how my muscles dropped, how I felt the warm, wet urine pour out of me, increasing in pressure with every passing second. I can tell you how I felt it pool under my ass, filling my skirt like a swimming pool. How it pooled around my backside, saturating my panties, and warming my entire lower body. How it rushed forward, my leg still bouncing, my lips still begging for it to just not, as it soaked my thighs, my thigh high socks, being absorbed by them, the towel underneath me. How eventually my panties, skirt, socks, and towel were no longer enough, and it began to rush over the front of the seat, onto the floor. How I felt it pour down like a waterfall, spattering against the back of my knees and calves. I can tell you how warm I felt, like it was the hottest summer day.

I can tell you how it sounded. I can tell you how I heard my own groans in my throat. The involuntary mewls. The self-begging I do to myself every single time I wet. The begging to please no, not yet. Please don't pee. Please don't wet yourself, not here, not like this, you can do it, you can make it, please stop. I can tell you how it sounded, the psssshhhhhhh...SSSSSHHHHHH as I went from spurting to full on spraying into my underwear. The sloppy and wet sound of fabric being attacked by a torrent of which it was not made nor ready for. I can tell you the sound of it hitting the back of my legs. Of it pouring onto the floor. The splashing. The trickling. The moans of relief, and the silence that followed. I can tell you the sound of my breaths, as I had worn myself out as I always do and needed oxygen, the in, the out, how deep they were, until I had finally restored my composure and state of being, now feeling better than ever, and also now like jelly in the limbs.

I did eventually get home. The damage was just as bad as you think it was, the back of my entire lower body was soaked. The towels felt like they'd been thrown in a lake, but the seats were fine given the layers of garbage bags under the towels. Some had run into my shoes, some had even gotten onto my shirt. This was a full blown accident with no decency to be left over.

But god was that an experience, and one I'll never forget. I cleaned up the car just fine, as the only actual damage was to the mat underneath my feet, which I washed just fine. When my friend picked his car up he was none the wiser. Overall, it ended up being a very interesting day! I put my pajamas on and watched Rick & Morty, as well as played some Bloodborne for the rest of the night. Laundry, could wait until tomorrow.

###

And that everyone, was KozmoLotto V! Well, the first part anyway. Hopefully I can get to the second part somewhat soon. For those of you who are new to my experiences and writings, I hope you enjoyed this! I don't do this for anyone but this website I adore and love so much! Its good to be back at it.

Thank you all for coming, and reading, and enjoying. I love you all so much, and I love all the love and support you give to me and content like this. I hope its all what you were hoping for and more, because I pride myself on the quality of my experiences and the skill I put into writing them out.~ So please enjoy!!!

If you ARE in fact new, and want to read MORE, allow me to self-promote and link my other stuff. Because obviously this is the 5th lotto, meaning there's 4 more, as well as my other shenanigans:

Wet myself looking for a bathroom at a club!

Wet myself while gaming (And nearly got caught!)

Peed my Pants While Doing Photography (And possibly trespassing)

Two Wettings the Night Before Christmas.

Wet myself outside of the bathroom

Peed my Pants in a Haunted Maze!

Pissed myself while drunk at a friend's apartment!

Wet myself at the University

Peed my pants while tech supporting a friend!

And the lottos!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33383-peed-myself-in-the-middle-of-town-kozmo-lotto-winner-request/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33645-peed-my-pants-at-the-movie-theater-kozmolotto-2-winner-request/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/34428-peed-myself-after-going-out-kozmolotto-3-winner-request/?do=embed"

And last but not least, my 4th lotto and not to humble brag, the highest rated post in the history of omorashi.org:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/35323-doing-a-wet-gauntlet-of-omorashi-challengesin-a-public-mall-aka-the-alliance-challenge-kozmo-lotto-4-winner-request/?do=embed"

