Bank Desperation

Author: Aloe

*000*2019-06-08 23:31

Hey guys,

I wanted to share cool little experience that I had the other day at the bank!

I'm very quickly realizing that this bank is a prime location for desperation, which I think is hilarious (because, well, it's a bank). I recently lost my debit card, and I needed to get it replaced. While I had already cancelled the card, I needed to go in person in order to be able to get a temporary replacement card, considering the actual card would take a week to get to me. I walked in to the bank around lunch time, 12pm, and of course, there was quite a line at the tellers. I've seen a number of desperate tellers before, but at this moment, that couldn't have been further from my mind. My focus was on getting the card, getting out, and getting something to eat before my lunch was over. The fact that it was this busy here at the bank made me a little anxious that I might not have time to eat.

I went up to the "sign in" table, and told the older woman sitting there that I would need to have a seat and they would call me when they were ready. There were only 3 people ahead of me, surprisingly, but only one person was in the cubicles handling customer service issues. I figured it might be a long wait for me.

I was sitting for about 5 minutes when a blonde stepped out from behind the teller section through the sealed door. She was pretty, smiling, and on the curvier side. Not necessarily voluptuous, but she wore the weight very well in my opinion! She walked briskly and deliberately over to the cubicles, set up her work station, and called in the next person in the queue.

They must have asked her to go and help, and they took her off the till to come over here.

She handled the case very quickly, and the other representative had taken the person waiting in front of me. I was next in line, and when the blonde had taken care of her clients needs, she called me in.

She was very sweet, very helpful, and had a good sense of humor. We were the same age. I told her that this was the 5th time in two years that I had misplaced my debit card (which is absolutely terribly true) and I told her, "losing debit cards is one of my favorite pastimes," something stupid like that she seemed to think it was funny because she laughed charmingly, and swiftly crossed her legs over each other while seated.

She squeezed them together, visibly. And of course, I couldn't help but notice.

Over the course of the next several minutes of small talk and basic service work, she continued to cross her legs, shift in her seat, and at one point, she was fanning her legs back and further. Fast, and she did this throughout the entire time we were there. To me, that was one of the most obvious signs of desperation I had ever seen. I can see her squirming and shifting her legs under the desk, and I was trying very hard not to show my arousal. As she stood up to walk across the cubicle to get my temporary card, I caught an eyeful of a nice, large butt, complimented by her surreptitiously crossing her legs and jiggling where she stood. I was having a hard time not staring.

I asked her how her day was going when she sat back down. She said, "It's almost over, thank god. I've been working non stop for maybe an hour or more!" She rocked slightly in her chair and fanned her legs. She must have known that I noticed, but she did not show any facial signs of stress, on physical. The tone of her voice, and her expressions, suggested a composed banker. But her legs wriggling under her desk told me she must be bursting for a pee.

Being the mischievous guy that I am, especially when I don't see blatant desperation like this every day, I decided to press a little more. I asked her if she had been able to take a break at all, and she told me no. I told her a short story about a friend of mine who works as a nurse, who once went 3 hours without a break, on a particularly busy St. Patrick's Day. My main intention was to stall her a little longer, the rustling of her tights under the desk as her legs slid back and forth restlessly constantly echoing in my ears. Surprisingly, she did not seem bothered or restless at all during our conversation. In fact, she went into details about her education, and that she had wanted to be a nurse years ago, but didn't feel like going to school for that long. She is now working on a bachelors in political science, and how she wants to work in government one day.

The whole time, I could see her swiveling in her chair, back and forth. Her legs were lightly bouncing up and down as she pressed them together. Her hands stayed on the table, but she started getting a little fidgety with her pen, toying with it as her legs moved slowly but constantly under the table. I couldn't imagine how full her bladder must have been, but certainly enough for her to cross her legs and squeeze them together.

We wrapped up our conversation as she added my PIN to the card, and she even joked with me that she had plenty left for the next time I lose my card. I laughed, and so did she. I shook her hand, and walked out, only to see a crowd of 5 people or so in the lobby, waiting to be served.

She was going to be busy for a minute.

*002*2019-06-09 03:46

{{2 hours ago, MrMakeherWait said:

Very cute and well described experience.

}}

Thank you!

