Peeing a bit in a pad

Author: Meowth

*000*2017-07-05 05:08

I originally wrote this story in response to this

, but it got a little detailed so I decided to post the story in here. A brief little tale of one of my favorite omorashi situations: someone close to having an accident and using a pad in a pinch.

The first time I got up the courage to ask my ex if she'd ever pissed herself she told me no, but that she'd come "ridiculously close" before. I asked her to elaborate on one of these times and she told me about a trip she'd taken to a doctor that was a bit out of the way(two hours, apparently lol). There'd been a long car ride and she'd drank quite a bit beforehand. Apparently, she'd not realized how bad she had to go until she got to her feet, but I don't think that mattered much, since she had a problem with gender dysphoria and thus hated using gendered bathrooms(I.E. public bathrooms), and was unlikely to have asked to stop. For those who care, however, she was biologically female, no hormones, no op, nothing of the sort.

Anyway, when she got there, she discovered the building was huge and said the elevator ride 'took forever.' She also said she hid her need from her parents out of embarrassment. She told me she struggled for awhile in the waiting room, but started to feel like she couldn't hold it in any longer, so she got up and headed to the bathrooms. She said she stopped outside of them, and, in her words, 'was about to burst,' but couldn't decide which one to go into. She ultimately decided to use the men's room, so she started unzipping her jeans and went inside.

According to her, it was all urinals, though, so she had to leave. So she paused outside the female's restroom and told me she was 'dancing around at this point' and finally started to go inside. But she paused inside the open door and then ran back to sit with her parents. She told me that she'd 'sorta peed a bit in her pad' while standing there. When she got called back by the doctor, she said she 'made a mad dash' to the toilet (gender neutral) and 'made it just in time.' For those interested, she was either 17 or 18 at the time.

