Window seats no more

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2019-07-31 00:09

I had a business trip last week and I believe it'll be the last time I will book myself a window seat.

When I fly, I don't like to bother others or be bothered myself when others need to go up and use the restroom. I always book a window seat whenever I can.

This last trip was a little over five hours from DC back home to SF. I had to wake up pretty early to take a colleague so that he could catch his flight. I started my day around 0400 local time. I got to the airport and dropped him off, proceeded to drive somewhere and take a nap for about two hours. After I woke up, I dropped off my rental car and headed to the airport via the complimentary shuttle.

Once I got past security, I was finally able to relax. It was about 0930 now and I haven't eaten or drank anything yet. My body was still tired, but I forced myself to ingest something. I had some leftovers which I ate, but I needed a drink to go with it. I ended up buying a large tea from Starbucks, hoping that the caffeine would help me stay awake.

I waited until the 1215 until they started boarding my flight. I had already finished my tea and food at this point. Usually I would use the restroom beforehand, but I didn't have any urge to pee. I waited for my boarding group without much issue and eventually found my seat – row 38, seat F – the very last row's window seat.

I got situated and prepared for the ride back home. The actual flight time back home was a little over five hours. This doesn't account for the plane backing away from the gate, lining up to take off, etc. I wasn't too worried about anything, as I've done flights a lot longer before without going to the restroom.

It wasn't too long after take off that I realized the person I was sitting next to had some body odor. It wasn't overpowering, but enough to make me feel sick. I opened my seat's ventilation, which did a fine job blowing the odor away. Unfortunately, the wind that came out of it was a constant stream of cold air. I didn't mind it at first, but after awhile, it gave me some chills.

The flight attendants started their beverage service not too long after that. Hearing stories about in-air health including staying properly hydrated, I did exactly that. I know water was probably idea, but I decided to indulge in life and ask for a Coke. Sitting all the way in the back seat gave me an advantage because the flight attendant gave me a whole can instead of a small sippy cup. I had thought that it wouldn't be a problem, as I still didn't find an urge to pee.

Throughout the flight, there was a constant flow of people lining up to use the restroom. The only time it dissipated was when the captain turned on the seat belt sign, forcing everyone to return to their seats.

It was about more than halfway through my flight until I felt the slight urge to pee. I thought that it was manageable, and I did my best to continue watching my movies.

Unfortunately, my bladder didn't seem to agree. Subconsciously, I think my whole morning's events hit me in succession – getting up early messed up my senses, so I didn't feel the urge to pee before boarding. The constant wind blowing at me kept me cool and comfortable, but it made my muscles contract, including my bladder. The coke's caffeine content also started accelerate the ache in my bladder, along with the long line of people finding instant relief in the restroom. At this point, I find it harder and harder to put my mind off my bladder. What makes matter worse is that we hit some turbulence, and the seat belt smashed up against my bladder a few times.

I'm starting to get really worried. I had about two hours left to go. I started to calculate my chances of holding it until I reach SF, or bugging the couple next to me so that I can use the restroom. As I decided on the latter, I turn my head and see at least six people lining up in the restroom again. I'm grabbing my crotch at this point, because my bladder thought that I could empty myself.

As I keep waiting to see if the line dies down, my bladder ache is becoming more and more severe. I keep squirming in my seat as best as I can without disturbing my neighbor, but that doesn't help out. I'm starting to really panic now – I was wearing a comfy pair of white Levis. I know it's not as revealing as wearing something blue, but any wetness will show – especially with denim, taking awhile to dry.

As I grab my crotch, close my eyes and meditate my best to hope for the line to dissipate, my bladder "spasmed" a bit and a little bit of pee came out. I'm freaking out now, as I felt that warm, hot gush of pee shoot out and seep into my jeans, especially under my thighs. I look around to see if anyone was aware of what just happened – nothing.

At this point, I know I'm fighting a losing battle. I started looking at my options – lining up now to use the restroom would only rattle my bladder and cause an open flood in my jeans. I thought that I could mitigate the damage but letting out spurts in my already-wet jeans. I looked down on the seat and realized that at least they were leather and not cloth, so that liquids would not soak into it. I also noticed the seats were divided, so any leakage would not travel to my neighbors seat.

And, so as terrible as I felt, I started letting out my pee in spurts. I felt my jeans get damp rather quickly. I must've let go about five or six spurts, the longest being several seconds. I alleviated my bladder substantially, but it still ached. I looked at my jeans, and one could clearly see a soaked crotch with the discoloration of whites.

I placed the magazine over my crotch, pretending to read it so that my neighbor couldn't see my soaked jeans. For the next two hours, I didn't move much.

When we finally landed, I was prepared to wait for everyone else to leave first before I got off my seat. However, my neighbor asked me if I had any luggage on the overhead storage. I said no, and he said then I could go on ahead first. Now, I'm really scared. As people are getting off the plane, I'm thinking about how I should proceed. I know the back of my jeans are wet and stained – I've been sitting in it for the past two hours. Instead of pulling my jacket off and tying it around my back, I thought my backpack could hang low enough to cover my wet bum.

When it was my turn to deplane, my neighbor got up and went to the other side to let me off. I quickly walked off into the aisle, only to be slowed down by a mom holding her child walking ever so slowly. I'm getting red at this point, because there were people behind me – flight attendants, the cleaning crew, other passengers, all who could have seen my wet jeans. And this isn't even counting the people ahead of me, who could've seen the damage in the front.

I finally head off the plane, walking as fast as I can towards baggage claim. Once I get to the area, I find a restroom and relieve myself. It felt so good to finally release the pressure off my bladder. After I get out of the stall, I wash my hands and quickly glance at the mirrors – yep. Anyone could recognize my wet jeans if they had bothered to look down at it. I'm only about 5'10" – not super tall, but if someone were to see me walking from a distance, they would definitely be able to view my white jeans being soaked. I quickly got out of the restroom and headed to my baggage claim, strategically placing my back up against a wall as my luggage came, all the while knowing that from the moment I walked off the plane to the restroom, people would've seen my wet, white jeans.

My luggage came rather quickly and after picking it up, I hauled ass towards the garage where I parked my car. As I walked, I kept pulling my jacket down as best as I could, psychologically fooling myself that somehow my jacket could've blocked the view.

Once I got to my car, I felt relieved and drove home. In hindsight, I don't know why I didn't take off my jacket and wrap it around my waist. I don't think I was even thinking about doing a wetting in such a public forum, but it happened. I feel terrible about peeing on an airplane seat too. However, I find it somehow very exciting that of all the people that I walked by, there has to be at least one person to see my wet, white jeans. All in all, it was a learning experience for me – never to have a window seat again. I guess my bladder isn't as strong as I get older and older. Still, it was an interesting experience!

