Friend peed on my lap

Author: AlohaSummer

*000*2020-08-14 19:09

Okay so I thought I’d write a short and sweet experience I had with my University flatmate, Sunny. This one is honestly one of my favourite

So about a year ago Sunny and I, plus about 10 other friends, were pre drinking for a night of clubbing. I was drinking a bottle of wine and Sunny was drinking vodka and beer (a disgusting combo if I may say).

(For reference of Sunny check my last post and I’m 5’5, blonde, slim, A cup. Sunny was wearing a black denim skirt and a revealing black lace bodysuit and I was wearing black corduroy skirt and a pink crop top with no bra)

In a previous post I mentioned that Sunny has an extremely small bladder but when she was drinking she was practically incontinent so when we were drinking heavily, broke uni students you gotta get as drunk as possible on £4 wine before the overpriced drinks in the club!

Soon it was time to go to the club and one of our friends who had class the next day and wasn’t drinking offered to drive some people there. Obviously, lots of us wanted a lift to avoid taxi fares but there were limited seats, first come first serve, so I said me and Sunny will come with him.

“I’m just gonna go to the loo first” Sunny said

“No you can’t! Jamie will give away our seats!” I replied truthfully

“I won’t be able to hold it!”

“Then you go to the loo and I’ll go with Jamie” I said, okay I was being kind of mean but I really didn’t have the money to spend on a taxi fare

“No it’s fine I’ll hold it”

So we get to Jamie’s car and there’s one too many people for seats

“Right whoever’s the smallest sit on someone’s lap” Jamie said

Sunny was the smallest and she chose to sit on my lap and we set off to the club, Sunny kept wiggling on my lap and I could definitely guess why

“You better not piss on my lap” I said quietly to Sunny as we were sat very closely to the other two people sat in the backseat

“Well it would be your fault for not letting me wee before we left”

“Whatever”

“Also I’m like 90% sure I’m gonna piss on you so you better be at peace with the idea soon” She didn’t know that I definitely wouldn’t be complaining too much if she did

Now the drive to the club wasn’t very long but Jamie, however, is an awful driver so it was a very bumpy and jarring ride. Lots of fast cutting corners and not slowing down for speed bumps and because of this I had to keep my arms around Sunny’s waist just above her bladder.

“You better not squeeze too hard or I’ll definitely piss on you” Sunny hissed at me, she was constantly wiggling around, basically giving me a lap dance at this point.

She was clearly extremely desperate and wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer, suddenly she shifted from firmly on my lap to straddling my right thigh moving her arse up and therefore making my skirt ride up, so anyone could see the front my lacy thong. I could feel her thong on my bare thigh stuck firmly against her pussy, damp as she must have leaked a bit

“What the hell are you doing?!” I said to Sunny but I obviously knew this was her only hope to not wet herself.

“I-“ she was cut off however by Jamie sharply going over a pretty big speed bump, one he did not slow down for. The car practically leapt a metre in the air and I instinctively tightened my arms around Sunny’s waist, firmly on her bladder this time.

Well, I think you can guess what happened next

I suddenly felt something warm and wet on my bare thigh, coming out strongly and it wasn’t stopping anytime soon.

“Sunny oh my god!!” I yelped trying to shift her off my leg

“I’m sorry I literally can’t stop it!” She shifted to standing up lifting her skirt up, giving me quite the view of her arse in her white thong.

There was a burst of commotion from the other four people in the car, Jamie in particular begging her to stop pissing in his car. Sunny managed to stop the flow a little bit was it kept coming out in long spurts onto the seat and a bit onto my underwear clad crotch.

“Sunny use this!” The boy in the front seat said handing back the empty plastic cup that once contained the drink he had.

Sunny grabbed it quickly and shoved it under her still pissing pussy, all of this happening while she was about 20cm away from my crotch.

She finished pissing into the cup and sat her soaking arse back onto my lap and stayed like that rest of the drive to the club with the cup of her pee still in her hand.

We got to the club, Sunny ditched the cup of piss and we had a great night!

Let me know what you thought of this! I’m not really into girls but I always thought this night was particularly hot, like a wet dream honestly, so I’d be interested to see what you all think!

*006*2020-08-15 01:08

{{4 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

I second that it's the best could have happened. I'm also very curious to know, whether it was the only time she or you wet yourselves that night?

}}

That night? Yeah the only time. Our time at uni? Honey, that’s only the beginning

{{3 hours ago, LilMiss said:

Did it show on what either of you were wearing?

}}

Unfortunately, no because we were both wearing black skirts, but I could feel her pee on my leg all night

