House to Myself

Author: JTryinToHold

*000*2018-11-18 17:20

Hey Everyone! J here, back again to tell you about another desperation story, this one a little more planned than the last one! I like to start off with a little bit of a description, so I am man going to university, tall and slender. It’s break here in the States, which meant all my roommates had gone home. I was planning on staying around the apartment for a few extra days before heading home. This meant I was home alone.

It was getting late and I was working on a final report I had to write up for class. It wasn’t due for a few weeks, but I figured I would get ahead. Because I don’t find lab reports particularly enthralling, I had been consuming caffeine at an impressive rate. Whenever I drink coffee, I like to alternate with a water bottle full of water, so I don’t get too jittery. I had just finished up my second coffee of the night when I felt my bladder twinge a bit in discomfort. Now normally, I would have simply gotten up to use the restroom, but then I had the idea to have a little more fun. So instead, I stood up and filled my water bottle to the brim, downed half of it, and commanded more from the faucet. Just watching the water pouring out made me curl my toes a bit, but I was looking forward to a challenge.

To give you an idea of what I was wearing, I had on a light pair of khaki pants and a sweater, both of which were fairly loose. Underneath, I had a pair of light red boxer-briefs hugging my thighs.

I sat back down on the couch and returned to my report, becoming more and more aware of my bladder filling. It wasn’t long before I was fidgeting in my seat. At the moment, I was probably a 7/10, but known that relief was so available made it that much worse. I readjusted, pushing my hand into my crotch for a moment before regaining my composure. I let myself refocus on the report and before I knew it, thirty minutes and flown by. My bladder had calmed its objections and I was just starting to get comfortable when I sat up to reach for my textbook. The feeling of my waistband digging into my bladder made me gasp and I let out a quiet groan.

I had jumped up to an 8.5 and I could feel my body protesting, urging me to go relieve myself. I gripped myself and began to stand up. The motion was dangerously, and I had to clench my muscles hard to keep myself from leaking right there in the living room. My body sensed that I was headed in the direction of the bathroom, but instead I walked into the kitchen and refilled my water bottle, a few devilish thoughts running through my mind. They were quickly replaced by desperate ones as I listened to the agonizing sound of water trickling against my stainless-steel water bottle. The sound mimic porcelain so closely that I had to grip the counter top to steady myself.

I could just go here in the kitchen… I mused to myself, realizing that the cleanup would be easy. The moment of weakness caused my member to spasm, a quick jet of steaming pee threatening to escape before I was able to grip it like a tourniquet, cutting off the stream. I felt my muscles weaken and I realized I wouldn’t be able to survive another incident like that. I cut off the faucet and hobbled to the bathroom, water bottle still in hand.

Seeing the toilet was torture. I wanted it so bad, but what can I say? I was feeling naughty. Fearing I would ruin my khakis, I unbuttoned them and slide them off my legs in a panic. The sweater was next, so I was just standing there in my light red boxer briefs. The moment of relief that I got from unbuttoning the khakis and freeing my bulging bladder was short lived. Placing my bare feet on the cold tile while wearing nothing other than boxers was too much. The hot piss spurted out of my cock before I was able to ram my hand into it. I let out a tortured, somewhat aroused moan as I stemmed the flow. The worst of it all was feeling the pee drip down my thighs and over my palm. It was so warm, so inviting, that I almost wanted to fall to my knees and let go completely.

I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror, the crimson boxers displayed a stream black with wetness that had clearly traveled down my leg. The wetness cascaded out like individual little streams from the point of origin, which was still being desperately covered by my hand. I was gripping so hard that for a moment, the pressure relaxed. The issue was: I did the same. A second lapse in concentration was too much for my muscles and the flood gates opened. I started peeing full force into my red boxers and no amount of pressure could stop it. In a moment of weakness, I ripped my boxers down and aimed towards the toilet. I instinctively didn’t want to make a big mess, but the damage was already done. I peed for at least a minute, moaning with relief as my palm grew hot the liquid that had soaked by boxers. (I tried to get some pictures but unfortunately they turned out terrible!)

I finished, in more than one way, and cleaned up the mess before collapsing into bed. I was a little disappointed I let myself use the toilet at all, but maybe with some help I can be convinced to ruin more than just a pair of boxers next time!

Hope you all enjoyed!

*005*2018-11-22 15:58

{{On 11/20/2018 at 9:49 PM, Maya said:

Thought you might want to know that I found that story really hot and totally got off to reading it just now......with a bladder full of hard cider.

}}

Glad you enjoyed it, hopefully that full bladder got put to good use! I have some more stories to share so stay tuned!

{{On 11/18/2018 at 2:52 PM, Wombat48 said:

Great account! Thanks

Think we would still...

Like to see the pics however bad!!

}}

Glad you liked it! I deleted all the pictures but I have the house to myself again today so maybe I will take some more!

