My brother

Author: Lukhas

*000*2016-06-07 16:43

When one day my brother came at home from school in his peed jeans, told me what did happen to him. I will write it in first person narrative.

It was last lesson that day and it was art lesson in a special class for arts lessons. I was seating there with one girl behind the desk, her name is Alice. Approximately 15 minutes before end of this day was teacher called to the office. I did not know why, but it did not matter in fact. At the same time I needed quite much to the bathroom but teacher was not at class and I did not know if I could only leave or wait. So what- I decided that I could wait little longer. But teacher was not here after 5 minutes and I was in bigger and bigger problems. But I supposed that teacher must come back in a short time. Alice noticed that something was wrong with me and I was very surprised with our conversation:

Alice: you look like as you need to the bathroom

Me: (blushed little bit) yes, but I do not know if I only can go or if is better to wait...

Alice: depends on your need

Me: I was in the bathroom before 4 hours ago for last time

Alice: so you can release it for one second. It will not be visible and you drop the huge pressure on your bladder. And in 10 minutes we are on the end of lesson and you can go to the bathroom.

Me: (surprised) did you try it self?

Alice: sometimes, just before end of lessons. But you must be able to stop it! and she laughed.

We continued with our work and did not talk about that more. I felt how huge urge hit me and tried to release for one second as Alice said. I managed to stop it and pressure to my bladder was really smaller. I calmed myself and continued with my work again. It was little wet stein on my jeans but I could hide it with sweatshirt.

But after only 2-3 minutes hit me my urge again and more harder than before. Maybe due to wet briefs, maybe due to my nervousness, I have never tried to pee little in my jeans. Suddenly I only felt how I started to pee myself and even if I tried to stop it I peed maybe one minute. My bladder was empty and Alice stared at me. She does not say something and for me was good that another students did not notice how I peed in my jeans.

I went last from class and hurried up at home and hoped that any friend did not see me. So I hoped that it was only you and Alice which saw me.

And I was nice to my brother and said nothing. Mummy was not at home so my brother managed to put jeans and briefs in machine and hide his accident.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2016-06-08 08:47

I cannot stop it as you. Once I start to pee so I manage stop it for a few seconds then I am starting to pee again until I am almost empty.

Maybe Alice wanted to see him :-) what did you do self :-)

