University Desperation Sightings

Author: Despguy123

*000*2017-09-03 15:59

Here are some various desperation sightings from my time at University in a large city in the UK. Some of these are ones which I might have posted before in a few different threads, and there are also some new ones as well, enjoy!

I’ll start with this one because it was by far the best sighting I had during Uni. During a 2 hour lecture I was sat next to a friend, a gorgeous Irish girl in her early 20s with brown hair, wearing a cute flowery dress and black tights. At the start of the lecture I noticed that she had a 1 litre bottle of water on the desk in front of her, which was already nearly half empty. During the first hour she kept taking frequent sips, and it was almost empty by the time the halfway point in the lecture came (where we would normally have a quick break). I noticed that she was now starting to fidget around for a bit, shifting position in her chair and bouncing her legs, resting her hands in her lap. It definitely looked like she had to pee, as she was biting her lip and seemed to be eagerly awaiting the break. 

However, for this particular lecture we had a guest lecturer, and it seemed as though we weren’t going to get a break after all as he just carried on speaking. The girl next to me was looking worried and had began to fidget around quite a bit, crossing and uncrossing her legs and sighing under her breath. After another 15 minutes, he eventually asked us if we wanted a quick break, but also mentioned that he’d nearly finished the lecture and so if he carried on without a break, we could leave early. ‘So what should we do, quick break?’ he asked, at which point the girl next to me nodded and said ‘yeah’ under her breath, standing up from her chair and smoothing down her skirt, looking like she was dying to get out of the room and get to a toilet. Just then, the main lecturer interjected and said that he may as well carry on as he was close to the end anyway.

This was bad news for the desperate girl, as she gave a little frustrated sigh and sat back down, turning to me with a worried look on her face. ‘I need to pee!’ she whispered, leaning forwards in her seat with her hands in her lap, looking down the row of seats. She was clearly considering leaving but as we were sat right at the end, nearest to the wall, there was no way that she could leave without disturbing everyone else in the row. The rest of the lecture lasted about 20 minutes, during which time the girl next to me was getting more and more desperate, and finding it harder and harder to sit still. At one point she pressed both hands hard into her lap, squirming in her chair and blowing air through her lips, frantically jiggling her legs. Her cheeks were flushed, and she looked as though she was getting close to wetting herself.

As the lecturer began to sum up, she quickly packed away her notepad and pens, before sitting right on the edge of her seat, jiggling her knees and starting intently at the lecturer, gritting her teeth. She had given up trying to concentrate on making notes and was instead completely focused on holding in her pee for just a few more minutes. At the same time, I noticed that my friend sat on the other side of me, an absolutely stunning tall slim blonde girl, also seemed to be having difficulty sitting still. She had her legs crossed and was bouncing them constantly, occasionally uncrossing them, shifting around in her seat before re-crossing them the other way, biting her lip while continuing to bounce her legs. I was sure that she had to pee as well, and pretty badly going by how much she was fidgeting.

The lecturer droned on and on, and by now the Irish girl was practically bouncing in her seat. I heard her mutter ‘oh my god’, sighing in frustration as she continually tapped the palm of the hand against her jiggling thighs. Finally, the lecture ended and she was first out of her seat, but as she couldn’t get past she had to wait for everyone in our row to leave first. As we waited, she was dancing from foot to foot, barely able to conceal how badly she had to go. ‘God I wish they’d hurry up, I really need to pee. I’ve honestly never needed to go this badly before’ she said quietly, looking anxiously down the row while resting a hand gently on her bladder. The stunning blonde girl who had been sat next to me overheard her and turned around biting her lip. ‘Same here, I thought he’d never stop talking’ she said laughing, crossing her legs. Eventually, we got out of the lecture room and both girls walked quickly towards the toilets.

I was sitting next to another friend of mine (a gorgeous Indian girl) in another 2 hour long lecture. She was finishing off a large hot chocolate she’d been drinking before the lecture. About half way through the fire alarm went off and we all had to stand outside for a few minutes. While we were standing outside I noticed that she kept crossing her legs every so often, shifting her weight from foot to foot a lot. After we got back inside and restarted the lecture, I heard her whisper to another friend of ours ‘I need a wee’.

A little while later I glanced across at her and noticed that she was jiggling her legs around a lot and was biting her nails. As I watched her she leaned forward in her seat and bit her lip, glancing across at me and flashing me a cute but pained smile. She was really fidgety for the rest of the lecture, and when it was finally over a small group of us stood around chatting for a while. My friend wasn’t saying much, but she was very fidgety and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs, jiggling up and down a bit, biting her lip and kept glancing around to try and see where the toilets were. Just as we were leaving another friend of ours asked her ‘I’m just gonna go and try to find to find the toilets if you wanna come?’ and she nodded gratefully before they both hurried off.

I also saw this same Indian girl desperate during a uni night out at a nightclub. I was waiting at the bar when I felt somebody tickling my sides and I turned around to see her standing behind me with her friend (a beautiful mixed race girl). I hugged her and asked if they wanted a drink. She shook her head and started doing a really cute pee dance, bouncing up and down saying ‘Maybe later but right now I really need to go for a wee!’ They then both hurried off to the toilets. She told me later on that they’d had pre-drinks at her house before sitting on a bus for ages to get to the club, before having to wait in the queue to get in while they were both ‘desperate for a wee’.

At a party one night in a large house next door to my student halls, there was only one bathroom available for guests which lead to some good sightings. After a few drinks I thought I better go for a pee, only to find a queue of about 8 people waiting to get into the loo. I joined the back of the queue behind a cute, curvy black girl, who had just joined the queue and was clearly quite desperate to go as she was already dancing from foot to foot with still a good few minutes to wait for her turn. She turned around to me and asked me if I knew if there were any other toilets, and I said I didn’t. She moaned and said ‘I need a weeeee!’, before spotting one of the hosts. She asked her if there were any other toilets and the host said she had an en-suite bathroom which she could her use if she was really desperate. The desperate girl said ‘Oh thank god!’ and ran upstairs.

A bit later, I had just finished peeing when I heard frantic knocking on the bathroom door. As I washed my hands I heard the knocking again, louder than before. I opened the door to find an attractive blonde girl shouting ‘Sorry! I’m going to wet myself!’ and already undoing her jeans as she rushed past me into the toilet. She apologised to me later, saying that wouldn’t normally knock like that but she had been DJing and had waited too long before going to the loo.

Later on in the evening I went to the bathroom only to find it occupied with a gorgeous, slim dark haired French girl wearing a short skirt, black tights and heels, standing outside the door with her legs crossed. We knew each other as she lived in the same student halls as me, so we started chatting. As we talked she kept her legs really tightly crossed and kept glancing impatiently at the toilet door. After about five minutes she turned her attention to the locked door, sighed in frustration and uncrossed her legs, bobbing on the spot and stamping her foot before recrossing her legs the other way.

She complained about how long they were taking and told me that she’d been stood there waiting for so long and really needed to pee. She was rosy-cheeked and flustered and was clearly reaching her limit. After a couple more minutes of leg crossing and bouncing, the door opened and two girls came out, one of them explaining that her friend was upset and had been crying, apologising for keeping us waiting. The French girl said it was OK and hurried inside, coming out a couple of minutes later with a big smile on her face, looking very relieved!

I was waiting for a friend outside a building on campus, where two girls were stood nearby chatting. One of them, a cute blonde wearing tight jeans had her legs very tightly crossed and her arms folded, listening to her friend telling her about something that happened over the weekend. She seemed very distracted, and kept glancing towards the door to the building, occasionally bending her knees slightly, keeping her legs crossed. At one point her friend said something to make her laugh, and she bent forwards at the waist, hands on her thighs, biting her lip with her legs still tightly crossed. After a couple of minutes she clearly couldn't wait anymore, and looking very embarassed she said to her friend 'Back in a sec, I'm just gonna go and pee, I've been waiting too long' and walked quickly into the building biting her lip.

In a 2 hour long computer lab, I was talking to a friend of mine (short, curvy and very cute) and noticed that she was getting a bit fidgety. There was an empty bottle of coke on the table which she’d been drinking so she was obviously getting desperate to pee. During a break in the convo she quickly said ‘ooh I really need the toilet, back in a sec’ and walked quickly out of the lab. She came back within a couple of minutes looking worried. As she walked towards me she bit her lip and said ‘they were closed’, bobbing up and down desperately before taking her seat.

There was still about 40mins of the lab to go and she couldn’t sit still for a second, swinging around on her chair, crossing and uncrossing her legs, bouncing her knees around and jiggling her crossed ankles under the chair. When we were walking out of the lab she said ‘I really wish the toilets were open’. She had a long bus ride home which must have been torture, when I texted her later asking ‘did you make it? :P’ she replied ‘yeah, thought I was gonna wet myself on the bus tho!’.

I also saw this same girl desperate during an event where we were in the same project group, presenting our work to representatives from various employers. We’d been presenting for about an hour and a half, and it was getting close to the lunch break when I noticed that she kept fidgeting around, shifting from foot to foot, pacing back and forth and glancing towards the toilets. I mentioned that I hoped we’d be finished soon because I needed to pee, she laughed and said ‘Same here!’, crossing her legs and bobbing before resuming her pacing back and forth. After a few more minutes of fidgeting, the session was over and she hurried straight to the toilets, which luckily for her were very close by.

While I was working in a small shop in the city centre, 2 attractive women in their 20s came in to browse. One of them, a cute blonde wearing glasses, kept glancing around the shop, biting her lip. Whenever they stopped to look at something, she would immediately cross her legs, or sometimes bend one knee towards the other, bobbing up and down slightly. She was clearly desperate to pee, and I couldn’t help but watch her. After a while, she caught me looking at her bouncing on the spot with her legs crossed, and she quickly looked away, looking embarrassed. I didn’t know why she didn’t say anything to her friend, but I guess she was just shy. They left the shop a little while later.

Another time while working in the shop, 2 attractive girls came in, in their late teens/early 20s. One of them was constantly crossing her legs whenever they stopped walking. As they left I heard her saying to the other one ‘I really need a wee, can we try to find the toilets?’ and they hurried off towards the shopping centre nearby.

On a night out with friends, we were heading to a club after leaving a bar, all of us pretty drunk. It was only a short walk and on the way there one of my friends (a cute, curvy Irish girl) kept saying things like ‘Oh god I really need a wee’, ‘I need a wee so bad’, ‘I think my bladder’s gonna burst’, I’m gonna wet myself’. She was obviously really desperate, we’d been pre-drinking at my place before the bar, and she didn’t use the toilet while we were there, nor had I seen her use the toilet at the bar. I’d pissed twice in that time and she hadn’t gone once, and we’d all been drinking loads. 

We passed an alley and she said ‘I really just want to go down there and pee’ but we kept walking. There was a short queue to get into the club and she was stood in front of me, legs crossed, resting a hand on her bladder with a tense expression on her face, not saying anything and clearly concentrating fully on holding onto her pee for just a few more minutes. Finally she got inside, bouncing up and down on the spot with her thighs pushed together as she paid her entry fee, before practically running to the toilets, not waiting for anyone else. She appeared a bit later with a relieved smile on her face. I asked her if she felt better and she laughed and said yes, then told me that she had never been so close to wetting herself!

Nearing the end of an hour long lecture, a cute blonde girl sat a few seats away from me was clearly getting desperate to pee. She’d been drinking from a 1 litre water bottle throughout the lecture and by now it was nearly empty. She was tapping her feet, bouncing her legs, and fanning her knees in and out, resting her hands in her lap. With about 10 mins to go she kept glancing at the clock, looking tense. When the lecture finally ended she hurried out, saying to her friend 'I'm just gonna go to the loo, I'm desperate for a wee!' before walking quickly to the toilets.

I was standing in the corridor of my student flat chatting to someone when I heard somebody hurrying up the stairs. The door at the far end banged open and one of my flatmates, a slim attractive girl in her early 20s with shoulder length blonde hair came rushing down the corridor towards us, looking frantic, her cheeks flushed. She stopped when she saw us to say hi, but she could hardly stand still. After a few quick words she said breathlessly ‘Back in a sec, I’m BURSTING for a wee’ while bending one knee towards the other, leaning forwards slightly. I tried to stall her by asking her about her day, and she stopped mid-stride, turning around to me with her legs tightly crossed, biting her lip. ‘Yeah it was OK, sorry I’ll talk more in a sec I just really have to go’. She walked quickly to her room and unlocked the door, legs tightly crossed, before hurrying inside for a wee. She told me afterwards that she’d been ‘desperate for a wee all afternoon’ but hadn’t had a chance to go.

While standing outside my apartment building waiting for a friend, there were three attractive Indian girls stood nearby chatting. I noticed one of them couldn’t stand still for a second, constantly dancing from foot to foot and crossing her legs tightly. She kept looking at the door to the building, clearly waiting for someone to come down and let them in. At one point she said ‘ooh I wish she’d hurry up, I really need to wee’ and bent forwards with her legs crossed, much to the amusement of her friends who were laughing at her constant fidgeting and dancing around. After a couple of minutes, during which time she kept up her pee dancing and leg crossing routine, their friend opened the door and called over to them. The desperate girl practically ran inside, telling her friend that she was ‘dying to wee’ and pleading with the other two girls to hurry up.

I was waiting at a bus stop when I saw a group of people on a campus tour, being shown around the area by a student of the university. I noticed that one of them, a girl about 20 years old with curly brown hair, stood near the back of the group, absolutely could not stand still. She was constantly bouncing her legs, tapping the heel of her boot on the floor while pressing her hand on her thigh. She was looking worriedly at the guy giving the tour, and kept glancing around as if she was looking for somewhere to go. 

She kept shifting position, shifting her weight from foot to foot and occasionally resuming her foot tapping. Just as the group began to move on, she hurried up to the guy giving the tour and thanked him before saying she had to go, walking quickly off in the direction of the main campus building where there are toilets. These campus tours can often last over an hour and they give out free tea and coffee before hand, so I'm sure she was dying to go for a pee but couldn't hang on for the remainder of the tour.

This one happened a few days later. While standing outside the library speaking on the phone, I saw another group on a campus tour who stopped near to where I was standing while the girl leading the tour spoke about the library. Again, one girl in particular seemed to be feeling the need to pee. She was short, cute, looked about 18 years old with dyed reddish-brown hair. She was standing with her arms folded and her legs very tightly crossed, and occasionally she would bounce up and down slightly on the spot. After a while she uncrossed her legs and shifted from foot to foot, kicking up her heels behind her, before bouncing on the spot again and recrossing her legs. The group then moved on, and I saw her glancing towards the library as they left with a worried look on her face. I think she was secretly hoping they'd be shown around the library, which would give her the chance to use the toilets there, but she was left disappointed.

Sitting in a 2 hour lecture, towards the end I heard two American girls sat near me talking quietly to each other. One of them said 'I really need to pee, but the toilets here are unisex... it's disgusting'. There was a large, empty bottle of water on her desk. Clearly she had needed to go since the break halfway through the lecture, but couldn't face using the unisex toilets in the building. The other girl laughed and told her to just go. The other girl was pondering leaving but wasn't sure if she should or not. She was watching the lecturer and biting her lip, jiggling her legs with her hands resting in her lap. After a few minutes of this, she said 'I'm gonna go, I can't wait until the end', and quickly packed away her things and left the lecture hall with a tense look on her face.

Speaking of the unisex toilets in that building, I was in there having a pee after another lecture when I heard a woman enter the bathroom and say to her friend 'urgh they're unisex'. Her friend laughed and asked her if she was still going to use them, and the girl replied 'I'm gonna have to, I'm bursting' before hurrying into the cubicle next to me. I heard the rustle of clothing and then a long stream of pee, followed by a sigh of relief.

One evening I was sat in our living room with some of my flatmates when another flatmate (a really cute, curvy Thai girl) came in for a chat. She looked quite flustered and couldn’t stand still, constantly dancing from foot to foot while chatting to us before admitting to us that she was ‘desperate for a wee’ but that the guy she’d just been on a date with was in her room and she didn’t want him to hear her weeing (all the rooms had en-suite bathrooms with only a thin door for separation). When she admitted this she started to blush, jiggling on the spot and pressing her hands between her thighs. One of the other girls offered to let her use the toilet in her room but she declined, telling us that ‘she would just have to wait’. We saw her again about half an hour later when she came in to get something, and on the way out the door she said ‘I still haven’t had a wee! I’m dying!’, doing a little pee dance before hurrying out.

Another evening one of my flatmates invited round some friends from her course for drinks and we were sat around in the living room, drinking and chatting. After a couple of hours I noticed that one of the girls, a gorgeous curvy Italian brunette (I’ll call her J), was getting very fidgety and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs while sitting down on the sofa. She’d had several glasses of wine by that point and I had not seen her leave the room at any point to use the loo. A few minutes later she called over to the host ‘Emma, may I please use your bathroom?’ 

However, as we were all quite drunk by this point and being very loud, Emma didn’t hear her as she was deep in conversation. J uncrossed her legs and stood up from the sofa, walking over to stand next to me before crossing her legs tightly. She called over to Emma again ‘Emma where’s your bathroom!?’ but still Emma didn’t hear her. J sighed, bouncing on the spot, turning me to me and saying ‘Oh I really need to pee, do you know where the bathroom is?’. I offered to let her use mine and she gratefully accepted, I showed her down the corridor to where my room was and she thanked me again before hurrying inside.

During pre-drinks in our flat before a night out, a cute curvy brunette girl kept crossing her legs and fidgeting, before loudly announcing ‘I need a wee again but can’t be bothered’. She spent the next few minutes getting more and more fidgety before basically starting to do the pee dance, saying ‘God I really need to go for a wee before we leave!’ and another girl, a really attractive brunette who was standing with her legs crossed, said ‘Yeah, me too’. A few minutes after, somebody told us that a taxi was on the way and the first girl bobbed up and down, saying ‘Everyone, if you need a wee go now!’ before hurrying out the room to the loo, closely followed by the second girl.

During a student careers conference with several long presentations just after lunch, I saw a gorgeous red haired girl sat in front of me crossing her legs and jiggling towards the end of one of the last presentations. She looked quite red-faced and flustered, and there was a large empty coffee cup under her chair so I was sure that she needed to go for a wee. As soon as the speaker finished, the girl shot up out of her seat and hurried out of the room, returning to her seat a few minutes later. She turned to the girl sat next to her and said ‘Oh that’s better!’ with a big smile of relief on her face.

Later on after the conference was finished, the group from our uni went for a meal and had a few drinks as well. We then had to get a taxi to the local station before taking a train into central London, then taking the tube to Euston station. By the time we got to Euston it wasn’t long until our train was due to depart, but there was just enough time to some of us to run into a shop and get some more booze for the train journey back up north (typical students!). I was standing outside the shop with a few others and one of the girls, a really cute blonde wearing a pencil skirt and black tights, kept hopping from foot to foot and complaining about how much she needed a wee. Her friend, a pretty brunette who was standing with her legs tightly crossed, said that she did as well but there wasn’t time to go and find the toilets or they’d miss the train.

The blonde girl moaned and continued dancing from foot to foot, running a hand over the front of her skirt where there was a definite bladder bulge. I asked her if she was OK and she told me that she wished she was wearing trousers so she could unbutton them! I laughed and ask why, and she just said ‘because I’m desperate for a wee!’ I guessed that the pressure of her full bladder against her tight skirt was making it even harder to wait. We finally got to the train and only just made it on time. Despite being less vocal about how badly she needed to go, the brunette girl was clearly bursting because as soon as we got onto the train she hurried straight into the toilet, not even bothering to find her seat first.

Another guy from our uni was next in line, jiggling up and down outside the door. The blonde girl was left dancing from foot to foot, moaning that she was bursting and asking the guy if she could go in front of him. He said no, because he needed to pee really badly as well, but after another minute or so he decided that he couldn’t wait and hurried down the train to look for another toilet. The girl continued to constantly step from foot to foot, bobbing up and down frantically and asking her friend to hurry up! After another couple of minutes her friend came out and the bursting girl rushed in to finally get relief.

During ‘Freshers week’ there were always people standing around outside the uni buildings handing out flyers for various club nights and events. I was standing outside one of the main buildings waiting to meet somebody and I noticed that one of the people handing out flyers, a gorgeous blonde girl wearing tight jeans, was constantly dancing from foot to foot and bobbing on the spot. Her friend who was handing out flyers with her asked her why she was dancing and she girl replied that she was ‘dying for a wee’. My friend then arrived and we left, walking past the girl was still dancing around.

Similar to the sighting above, I was standing outside the main building talking to someone on the phone when I noticed that a pretty brunette girl handing out flyers couldn’t stand still at all and looked absolutely desperate to go for a wee. She was quite red in the face and was constantly pacing around, sometimes stopping to cross her legs really tightly together and bob on the spot. I then finished my phone call and went back inside, then when I left the building an hour or so later she had gone so I’m guessing she could no longer wait anymore and had left in search of somewhere to pee.

Part of Freshers week is the ‘Freshers fair’ where representatives from all the different student societies have a stall in a large hall and you can go around and sign up to various things. At one stall I was chatting to an attractive, curvy Chinese girl from one of the business/management societies who was trying to get me to sign up. The whole time I spoke to her she went from having her legs really tightly crossed to dancing from foot to foot, then back to crossed legs again, then back to dancing. I was sure she was very desperate for a wee, but as she was the only person on the stall she had nobody to cover for her while she went to the loos. A few minutes later we walked past the stall again and the girl wasn’t there, so she must have hurried off for a wee.

Watching a film with some of my flatmates I noticed that towards the end, a curvy brunette girl named Steph kept fidgeting around on the sofa and crossing and uncrossing her legs. At one point, one of my other flatmates was filling up a glass of water from the tap and I heard Steph sigh under her breath, jiggling her thighs with her hands pressed between them before quickly recrossing her legs, bouncing her foot. As soon as the film ended she said ‘Oh finally, I can go for a pee now’ and darted out of the room to the loo.

Another time I saw Steph while she was working on reception in one of the uni buildings. She was jiggling in her chair and admitted that she was ‘bursting for a pee’ but had to wait for her boss to come back and cover for her. She told me later that she drinks so much water that she always finds herself in that situation and is used to it by now!

One evening I went into the living room and was chatting to one of my flatmates (a tall, attractive red-haired girl called Sian) and her friend, a cute brunette called Sophie. They had been drinking so were quite tipsy, and also from the way they were both fidgeting around on the sofa I guessed that they were both really needing a wee but were too busy watching TV to go. At one point they were standing up trying to pour more wine and spilt a load of it on the floor, and they found this so funny that they couldn’t stop laughing. 

Sian suddenly bent forwards, pressing her hands between her thighs, saying ‘I’m gonna wee myself!’ which made Sophie laugh even more and start hopping up and down on the spot. Sophie then turned and started to hurry out of the room, and Sian asked her where she was going. Sophie replied ‘for a wee!’ and Sian told her to hurry up because she needed to go for one as well. Sian stood there pee dancing and moaning that she was ‘gonna wee herself’ while trying to clean up the spilled wine, before Sophie came back a few minutes later and Sian rushed out to the loo.

One morning I attended a presentation/careers event held in a large hall within one of the oldest buildings in the university. Groups of students were stood presenting project work at stands situated around the hall to representatives from various companies. It was getting close to lunchtime and by this point the groups had been presenting for a couple of hours. I noticed that two really cute Asian girls in one of the groups standing near me were both finding it hard to stand still and kept fidgeting and crossing their legs. 

A bit later on when the lunch break started, I saw both girls walking very quickly out of the hall giggling and moaning to one of their friends about how much they needed a wee. ‘Oh my God where’s the toilets!?’ one of them asked, but their friend said she didn’t know. They went to one end of the corridor and then back again, before being pointed in the right direction by one of the other students. ‘Thanks, we really need a wee!’ one of them said and they hurried very quickly towards relief.

At the end of the event, I noticed that one of the university staff helping out with the event, an attractive young Muslim woman, was crossing her legs and jiggling on the spot as she was packing stuff away on one of the stands and talking to one of her colleagues. As her colleague started to walk away to pack up one of the other stands, I heard the woman say to her ‘I really need to go to the toilet at some point as well!’ From the way she was fidgeting around it looked to me like she was really desperate, and had probably been waiting a while but had been too busy so find time to go.

After a morning lecture I’d gone with a couple of friends from my course to buy some lunch. One of them, a really cute Asian girl, complained that she had drunk a massive cup of coffee earlier and ‘really needed a piss’ but we told her that it wouldn’t take long to pick up some lunch and then we’d go to the library so she could use the loo there. It took a while to decide what we wanted to eat, then quite a long time to queue and order.

We’d ordered paninis and while we were waiting for them to be made, the girl was standing there with her legs crossed looking around impatiently before telling us that she’d meet us at the library because she was ‘actually gonna piss herself’. Her friend told her that it wouldn’t take long for the food to be ready, and the girl sighed and bobbed on the spot, telling us ‘I’m going to make a puddle on the floor if they don’t hurry up’. Eventually the food was ready, and after a short walk to the library the bursting girl hurried straight to the toilets for relief.

*006*2017-09-04 16:12

Thanks for the comments, I have already remembered some more, just need to type them up.

{{7 hours ago, CEmma said:

Which uni is this because I go to Warwick

}}

Manchester. I actually used to work near Warwick uni, also visited the campus a few years back for a job interview, nice place!

*009*2017-09-05 16:07

{{3 hours ago, dpmpvfd said:

Are uni sex toliets popular over there? Here in the states it's only uni sex if it's a single toliet

}}

I don't see many around, only seen them at a couple of places. Its still quite a new concept that a lot of people are sceptical about.

*012*2017-09-12 17:38

Some more:

One afternoon I was chatting to a friend of mine, a gorgeous Mauritian girl, after a lecture and invited her over for a cup of tea, as I only lived about 5 minutes walk away. We stood in the kitchen chatting as the kettle boiled and I noticed that she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs and fidgeting around. I poured our tea then we sat down in the living room to watch some TV, and she immediately crossed her legs and started bouncing her foot. After a couple of minutes she asked me ‘May I use your bathroom please?’ I decided to tease her and said no, and she sighed and jiggled a bit in protest.

‘Oh please, I’ve needed to pee for about an hour!’ she moaned and I laughed and said of course she could use it. A bit later, she had to leave to go to her next lecture and I teased her by saying ‘bet you’ll need a wee’. She laughed and said that she probably would, because it was a 2 hour lecture and ‘tea always makes her need a wee’. She texted me later, and I asked her how her lecture was. She told me that sure enough, she needed a wee from about halfway through, and her friends were teasing her and making her laugh which made her even more desperate!

Late one morning I was walking down the stairs of my student halls of residence when I saw a friend of mine, a very attractive Algerian girl hurrying up the stairs. We said hi and I asked how her morning had been, but to be honest I wasn’t really listening to her reply because she was doing a really obvious ‘need a wee’ dance, hopping from foot to foot and bouncing up and down. She must have noticed me looking at her because she laughed and said ‘Ooh sorry, I’m gonna have to run, I really need the toilet!’ She bobbed on the spot, said bye and hurried past me up to her flat.

I’d agreed to help a friend of mine, another beautiful Mauritian girl, with a psychology study she was running. Basically I had to go to her flat and sit in her living room, completing some tests on her laptop (can’t remember exactly what it was about), then answer some interview questions. Before we started we both drank a cup of tea while we chatted about the tests. During the tests she sat next to me to observe my responses, and after a while I noticed her fidgeting a bit in her chair, crossing and uncrossing her legs. The tests took about 30 minutes, then she spent another 10 minutes or so interviewing me, and by this time she was barely able to sit still and seemed to be having difficulty concentrating on the interview.

When she finished it, she stood up to collect her notes together and started bouncing up and down a bit, before leaning over the table and crossing her legs tightly. ‘Ooh sorry, do you mind if I nip to the loo before we do the next bit?’ she asked politely, still standing with her legs crossed. I said sure, and she continued ‘Thanks, I really should have gone before we started’ then hurried out. She came back a couple of minutes later looking much more relaxed. ‘Sorry about that, I was bursting!’ she said, and I said not to worry!

While visiting a friend at a uni down near London, we were walking across the campus to the student club when some of the girls in the group complained that they needed a wee and wanted to try to find the nearest toilets, which happened to be in the uni library. One of the boys then said that the club wasn’t far away, but one girl, a gorgeous Indian girl, bobbed on the spot and said ‘I'm dying to pee! What if there’s a queue? I’ll wet myself!’. They convinced us to take a detour to the library and they hurried into the closest toilet, which happened to be one with just a single toilet, sink etc. 

While we were waiting for them to come out, two more girls who were also on the way over to the club came in and hurried over to the toilet only to find it occupied. One of the girls, a beautiful slim black girl, sighed and stamped her foot before crossing her legs tightly and bouncing up and down. ‘I really need to pee’ she muttered to her friend, who suggested checking if the men’s toilet was free. The girl went to look, and came back saying that it was available but it smelt too bad to use. They both stood there fidgeting for a bit before deciding to just hold it and go straight to the club.

Later on that night in the club, we ended up in the office/first aid room because my friend had got into a fight earlier in the evening and had got a cut on his eyebrow. One of the student paramedics in the first aid room, a cute curvy brunette girl, was very fidgety and constantly moving from foot to foot and jiggling up and down a bit, and seemed quite flustered and rosy cheeked. At one point, she was standing next to me, and I heard her moan under her breath and cross her legs tightly, bobbing up and down. She turned to her colleague and said’ I’m dying for the loo, I haven’t had chance to go yet.’ She didn’t get to go for the whole time we were in there and there was somebody else waiting to be seen, so I think she would have been waiting for quite a while.

While standing outside my apartment building waiting for a friend, I saw an attractive curvy woman in her 40s standing outside another student apartment building across the street. I could tell as soon as I saw her that she was dying for a pee – she was quite clearly bouncing from foot to foot, occasionally stopping to cross her legs tightly and bounce on the spot, sometimes bending forwards, and didn’t seem to care who saw her. She’d obviously come to visit someone and was waiting for them to come and unlock the gate to let her in. I watched her dance around for a few minutes, bouncing from foot to foot while bringing her ankles up behind her before somebody finally appeared, and they hurried inside.

While walking down a busy road one evening with some friends on the way to the pub, I noticed a very attractive brunette woman waiting at a bus stop on the other side of the road. She was standing with her legs crossed chatting to her friend, but she was fidgeting and pee-dancing like crazy, bouncing up and down, bending forwards, uncrossing and recrossing her legs, very animated and chatty, moving her arms around dramatically when she spoke. Unfortunately I only saw her briefly so I didn’t see how long she had to wait for the bus.

At a restaurant one evening for a birthday meal, an attractive red-head had arrived a bit late because there was a long delay on the tram network. She said Hi to everyone, then before she sat down she said ‘I really need to go for a wee first, I’ve been waiting for ages’, doing a cute pee dance dancing from foot to foot, before asking where the toilets were. We said that we didn’t know, she said ‘Ooh’, bouncing on the spot, before hurrying over to a nearby waitress who pointed her in the direction. She thanked the waitress then hurried off towards relief.

At the same meal towards the end, I was sitting next to a gorgeous curvy brunette girl who admitted quietly that she ‘really needs the toilet’, but because she was sat right in the middle of the row, she couldn’t get out. Somebody opposite us suggested that she could just ask people to move, but the girl was too polite and said that she would just hold it until the meal ended. It was probably another 15 minutes or so before we finally left and by this point she was wriggling around in her seat. Eventually she was able to get out and hurried straight to the toilet as soon as she got chance.

One afternoon I was sitting in my room with a gorgeous Iranian girl I had just started dating. We were drinking a cup of tea while watching a film, sitting on the bed, and she had her legs across my lap. Towards the end of the film she had finished her tea and she had started fidgeting, and I could feel her tensing her thighs. I got the feeling that she was starting to really need a wee but was too polite to admit it, and was trying to stay as still as possible so I wouldn’t notice. 

As soon as the end credits rolled, she immediately asked me ‘May I please use your bathroom?’ and started to stand up, only for me to pull her back down and start tickling her sides. She started laughing and said ‘No don’t! I need a wee!’ wriggling away from me and standing up off the bed. ‘Please?’ she said, crossing her legs and I said of course she could use it. She thanked me and hurried into the bathroom, coming out a few minutes later looking very relieved. She admitted to me later that she didn’t like using other people’s toilets but she had been dying to go for a wee for most of the film and couldn’t wait any longer.

Another time with this same girl, we had been out in the city centre for a few hours before going to a fast food place. While in the queue to order, I noticed her hopping from foot to foot and she admitted to me quietly that she was bursting for a wee. She told me what she wanted then hurried off in the direction of the toilets, only to come back a few seconds later moaning that the ladies toilets were being cleaned and there was a queue for the single cubicle in use. She bounced from foot to foot for a few more seconds, jiggling up and down before hurrying off to join the queue again. A couple of minutes later, I placed our order, then I looked round the corner to see her still in the queue with her legs tightly crossed. She turned around and gave me a pained looking smile, bouncing on the spot while keeping her legs crossed. After a couple more minutes of desperate queuing, she finally got to go.

Another one with the same girl, we had been at a cafe drinking a pot of tea each when we decided to go to a nearby park. We sat there on a bench chatting for about half an hour before she admitted to me that she was ‘desperate for a wee’. We stood up and she suddenly bounced up and down, moaning ‘Ooh, take me to a toilet!’. We walked to a nearby shopping centre before she spotted a sign for the toilets and hurried off, only to come back a few seconds later looking frantic. She told me that the queue was massive and she couldn’t wait that long, and I suggested going to another set of toilets on the other side of the building which might be less busy. She moaned and said that we better hurry because she was 'about to explode', rubbing a hand over her bladder. Luckily for her, we found the other toilets and there wasn’t queue, and she rushed straight towards them. She came out a bit later looking very relieved.

*013*2017-09-12 17:57

{{8 hours ago, JamieLove said:

Great stuff as always! Wondering if you have any stories with guys (or yourself)?

}}

A few here

$iframe data-embed-src="$/20455-bursting-after-the-restaurant-male-and-female-desp/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/20457-nowhere-to-go-male-desp/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/20288-bursting-at-the-business-conference-male-desp/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/18872-job-interview-desperation-male/?do=embed"

Exam desperation:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/24802-school-desperation-sightings-male/?do=embed&comment=1323503&embedComment=1323503&embedDo=findComment"

*015*2017-10-17 20:39

Late one afternoon I was sat in the library with a gorgeous curvy Italian girl I was sort of dating. She had finished drinking a large coffee quite some time ago and had been sat fidgeting in her seat for quite a while. She said she wanted to go out for a smoke break, and I joined her outside. We were out there for a few minutes and she could not stand still for a second, constantly crossing and uncrossing her legs, moving from foot to foot and bouncing on the spot occasionally. She was wearing tight jeans which showed off her sexy bum and I could hardly keep my eyes off her! I didn’t mention it but it was very obvious to anybody watching her that she was absolutely desperate for the loo. As we headed back to our desks, she started to walk off in a different direction. I asked her if she was going to the cafe, and she stopped walking for a second and crossed her legs tightly. ‘No I have to pee!’ she said quietly, bounced on the spot and hurried off to relief.

During a 3 hour exam one morning, a cute Chinese girl sitting next to me started fidgeting around and wriggling in her seat with about 30 minutes still to go. As the time got closer to the end, her fidgeting got more pronounced and she kept glancing up at the clock. After the exam ended we had to sit and wait for the papers to be collected, and during this time she was sat frantically bouncing her legs with her hands pushed down into her lap. Eventually we were allowed to leave and she walked very quickly to the nearby toilets, actually almost jogging in her hurry to pee.

During one afternoon lecture we had a very attractive Portuguese lecturer. During the break around halfway through the lecture, I left to grab a drink from the water cooler in the library next door. As I was filling a cup I saw the lecturer come in and walk quickly towards the librarian’s desk. She bent forwards over the desk and asked her where the toilets were, jiggling on the spot a bit and raising one foot off the ground behind her. After getting directions she thanked the librarian and hurried off very quickly towards the loo.

During an open day I attended before joining the university, we had to sit through some presentations before being taken on a tour of the campus. The very attractive brunette student showing us around was very fidgety and couldn’t keep still at all, and whenever we had to stop walking she immediately crossed her legs very tightly. I also noticed that one of the other girls in the group, a beautiful tall dark haired girl, was just as fidgety and also was constantly crossing her legs whenever we had to stop. I wondered if both girls needed to pee, as we had been served tea and coffee before the presentations (which had been quite long) and there was no loo break before starting the tour. Eventually, after a lot of fidgeting and leg crossing from both girls, we went back to the starting point ready for the final presentation. Although the presentation was ready to start, both girls hurried straight off to the loo first.

Around lunchtime one day I was walking down the corridor in my student flat when one of my flatmates, a gorgeous slim blonde girl, came back after her morning exam. She hurried down the corridor towards me, almost jogging and looking flustered, smiled and said hi before stopping outside her room and jiggling up and down on the spot as she unlocked the door. I asked her how the exam went. Said she thought that it went OK, but mentioned that she couldn’t find the toilets afterwards so had spent the whole bus ride home ‘absolutely dying to go for a wee’. Despite her pee dancing she managed to finally get the door unlocked and hurried inside to the loo.

One afternoon, some representatives from a local company had set up a stand in the atrium of the business school to advertise careers. As I looked through one of their leaflets I noticed that one of the ladies, a beautiful curvy brunette in her 30s wearing smart business suit, black tights and heels, was fidgeting around on the spot as she spoke to somebody and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs. After she finished her conversation, she noticed me looking at the leaflet and came over to me, so we started chatting about the company and the type of careers they offer.

The whole time we spoke, she was really fidgety and was alternating between shifting from foot to foot and crossing her legs really tightly. The toilets were right at the other end of the atrium so I wondered how long she had been standing there and if anyone had actually shown her where they were. She was showing all the classic signs of being absolutely desperate to go to the loo and didn’t really seem to be trying to hide it. I had to go into a lecture, so I thanked her for her time and left. When my lecture finally finished they had gone, so I don’t know how much longer she had to wait.

One evening I was in the kitchen of my student flat making a cup of tea when I heard one of my flatmates, a really cute Chinese girl, come out of her room and walk down the hall to the bathroom, only to find the door locked as another flatmate was showering. I heard her sigh and went back to her room for a moment, before coming into the kitchen carrying a very large, empty mug. She said hi and put her mug down, then started to pace up and down the kitchen with her arms folded, before stopping and turning towards me, bouncing from foot to foot. She sighed again in frustration, bending forwards for a second while squeezing her thighs together, before straightening up and stamping her foot.

‘I’m waiting to get into the bathroom but somebody’s in the shower’ she said, looking annoyed, then started pacing again as we chatted. Sometimes she would stop at the door with her legs crossed, leaning forwards to check if the bathroom was free, before sighing and resuming her pacing, occasionally stopping to jiggle on the spot or dance from foot to foot. After a few minutes, she went to knock on the bathroom door, then came back into the kitchen and resumed her dancing. ‘I wish he’d hurry up, I desperately need a wee’ she moaned. Finally, after much more pacing, dancing, bending and leg crossing, the bathroom became free and she muttered ‘Oh god, finally!’ and literally ran inside.

One morning in the same student flat, I was nearly finished having a shower when I heard some frantic knocking on the door. I was a bit annoyed about it so I decided to really take my time and stayed in there a few more minutes, only to hear the knocking again. I came out to find nobody there, but I could hear some female voices coming from the kitchen. I shouted that the bathroom was free, and one of my flatmate’s friends, a very pretty red haired girl wearing her pyjamas, came hurrying out of the kitchen with her hand planted firmly between her legs! She was giggly and red in the face, and quickly took her hand away when she saw me in the corridor.

She smiled at me, looking embarrassed, and as she hurried past me towards the bathroom she muttered ‘Sorry, I’m bursting!’. My flatmate later apologised for her friend knocking, explaining that she had woken up desperate for a wee and had been waiting in the bedroom for one of our other flatmates to finish showering, and then before she could get into the bathroom I beat her to it, so she had been dancing around the kitchen for ages urgently waiting her turn.

*016*2017-12-09 14:23

Towards the end of a very long three hour lecture, I noticed that a girl sitting a few seats away from me, an attractive tall and curvy blonde dressed kind of goth/alternative with lots of piercings, was fidgeting in her seat. After a few minutes of squirming around she quickly got up and left the room. I needed to pee quite badly by this point so after writing down some more lecture notes, I left the room and walked to the men’s toilet just down the corridor. It was locked for some reason. I was about to go back into the lecture, when I noticed the blonde girl walking down the corridor towards me. I asked her if she knew where I could find another toilet, and she told me there were some downstairs. I said ‘Thanks, I’m bursting!’. She laughed and put her hand on her bladder. ‘Oh I was as well. I couldn’t wait until the end, I just had to go.’

Walking to a lecture one afternoon, I noticed that an attractive Chinese girl standing in front of me, waiting to cross a busy road, was doing a very obvious pee dance while waiting for the lights to change. She went from dancing from foot to foot, kicking her feet up behind her, to standing with her thighs pressed together while frantically bouncing up and down on the spot, with a very tense look on her face. The lights were taking ages to change, and when they finally did, she literally jogged into the uni building across the road. It was the same building my lecture was in, and when I went inside I saw her ahead of me, walking very quickly across the atrium towards the toilets, trying to keep her thighs pushed together as she walked. She must have only just made it.

A few bus stop sightings:

While waiting for a bus one afternoon, I noticed an attractive Chinese girl, wearing a short skirt, black tights and knee high boots, standing in front of me with her legs very tightly crossed. She seemed to be getting quite impatient, and walked over to the sign with the bus times on, immediately crossing her legs again as she checked them. She then sighed, uncrossed her legs and went back to where she was standing, putting one foot out in front of her for a moment before taking a step forward and re-crossing her legs even tighter than before. She stood like this for the next few minutes until the bus finally arrived, and I noticed that she was biting her lip as she boarded.

A few minutes later, I was still waiting at the bus stop when an attractive red-haired girl wearing a very short pencil skirt and black tights walked over to check the times, crossing her legs tightly and leaning forwards as she read the sign. She then sighed and took a step back, crossed her legs the other way and pulled out her phone. She spent the next few minutes fidgeting around on the spot, crossing and re-crossing her legs, sometimes uncrossing them and pressing her thighs together, bobbing on the spot a bit, before re-crossing her legs. She looked absolutely desperate for a pee but was trying her best to hide it.

While waiting at another busy bus stop on a main road late one evening, I noticed a beautiful tall blonde girl looking very impatient, standing with her legs really tightly crossed and leaning forwards to try and see if the bus was coming. Each time she leaned forwards, she was pressing her thighs even more tightly together, and kept shifting position to try and cross her legs even more tightly, moving her feet further apart. A couple of times she bobbed on the spot, clearly dying to go for a pee. After a couple of minutes the bus arrived and she got on with a very tense look on her face.

