Holding Accident

Author: Nimphette

*000*2016-02-23 05:21

Yesterday night I went to dinner with my family. It was kind of like a twice of year get together including my little brother, my biological mom, and my papa (grandfather). I wanted to look nice but not over do it, as he was the 'underwear with no shirt' kinda guy. Im the 'no pants with t-shirt' kinda girl, so I guess I get it from my papa.

I decided to go with just a pair of dark shorts and a dark purple shirt. Of course I did my makeup nicely so I felt pretty.

At the restaurant I had two large sweet tea's. I went home full and content, and I didn't need to pee. When I got home it was around 8, so I decided to drink a couple 17 ounce bottles of water while baking brownies.

By the time it was 10 o clock I had drank three waters. It was difficult to move around and do things because I was desperate and scared to leak. At this time everyone was getting in bed or was already sleeping.

Waddling over to the stove to get the brownies out, a spurt leaked for about 2 seconds and I knew that my pants were a little damp. These shorts were tight shorts so there would be no hiding an accident. Holding still was very hard for me at this point and I had the challenge of getting the brownies out.

Pushing through I opened the oven door and pulled out the brownies. I had to hold kinda still so I was twitching, and apparently I had to twitch my wrist into the hot oven door. Cringing I pulled away and threw the baked good on the stove but what I didn't realize was that my shorts were wet. I had wet myself from shock but stopped in the midst of a spurt. Not enough to show on the front,but enough for me to know.

Biting my lower lip I grabbed myself and went to the bathroom where I took a pic of my bulge and a desperation pic. It was hard to hold still to take the pictures actually.

Anyways, with the pictures taken I thought I would go back and chill on the floor until I couldn't stop myself from peeing but that didn't happen. As I took my first step towards the door it was like a dam broke. There was no tiny stream, It flowed without any of my control. I couldn't even push more out.

I sighed in relief as this happened but my cheeks turned a bright pink, I even felt it in my ears. The bathroom was a complete mess and it took about 40 minutes to clean my mess and get me washed up.

I went to bed that night needing to pee but nothing really happened ;(

***

Tell me what you think?

Thanks for reading <3

M

*009*2016-02-23 12:18

{{ 

This is amazing. I love your descriptions throughout the entire hold and the pictures are extremely cute. Triple heart. ^//^

Given the ending there, are you thinking of doing a bedwetting next? :)

}}

I'm scared to wet the bed honestly aha

{{ 

Great story, loved every bit of it :) I especially like those shorts, those button must of been hard to undo lol

}}

I was dying when i unbuttoned my shorts lol. But they were also pressure on my bladder haha

*022*2016-02-25 05:46

{{ 

Wow, this is some amazingly high quality stuff. We seem to have really had some awesome contributions by our members here in general lately!

Thank you very much for sharing all your experiences with us!

}}

Thank you for reading and enjoying! It makes my day! I'll be posting more soon!

