First wetting myself memory: school

Author: Soaqueen

*000*2017-02-01 23:14

Again, sorry for my mistakes when I write. English is not m'y motter thongue and my phone tries to correct every single word with a french one.

This story happened when I was 5. In France, it's the "grande section de maternelle", maybe third grade in USA I think. I already liked pee-pants stories by this time and was fascinated when a classmate was having an accident.

I used to hold my pee because I liked the feeling of my full bladder. I only went to the bathroom if it was an emergency. As I am thé eldest in m'y family, I would have been ashamed if I peed my pants and my brother and sister heard about it...

Well, that day, I was playing in the "afternoon room", where we had to complete some games. I was building a Lego penguin. And I started to feel the need to pee. But I choosed to first build completely the penguin, because I didn't want a classmate to take my place idée I left. And of course it became toi hard to hold it, and I started to loose control in the middle of the class. First I tried to stop but it was impossible. The pee was running too thé floor. I thought "wet for wet, i should do all of it now..." and so I stopped fighting. It felt sooooo good! But then a child saw the puddle on the floor and went to the teacher. She called the nurse, and when I came back into the class with school clothes, it had been cleaned up.

I cannot remeber anything else, but I can say it was an important évent. I had some other accidents later but some where premedited.

Hope you enjoyed this story, tell me if you want to know more!

