Fun On A Sunday

Author: Mariner62

*000*2019-08-12 04:06

Having had my daughter home from college for the summer, it had limited my opportunities for wetting my pants. Now that she's been moved back, I can resume wetting activities.

I awoke Sunday morning with a very urgent need to pee. I quickly put on my panties and shorts from the day before and headed out to the back patio, grabbing a glass of apple juice on the way. It was basically all I could do to get out the door and sit in a lawn chain without wetting myself. It was just seconds after sitting down, that I began wetting. It felt so good to relieve the pressure in my bladder as I watched the wet patch grow. What I thought was a perfect way to start the day, was soon to get even better. As the sun rose, I drank the juice and poured a second glass. It wasn't long before I started feeling the urge build again. To my surprise, just an hour and a half later, I once again had a full bladder. I saw no need to hold, and with still damp pants, opened the flood gates and re-wet my pants. I was able to sit another half hour in completely soaked pants until having to get ready for the day, as we had plans to attend a ball game.

Since it was a two hour drive to and back from the game, I elected not to use the facilities during the game. Planning on again wetting myself upon returning home. The final 15-20 minutes became a little uncomfortable, as it had been over 6 hours, I returned to the back patio, to see how much longer I could hold it. It wasn't as long as I had hoped it would be. I managed to hold for about 10 minutes,, at time grabbing myself to make it last as long as I could. For the third time in one day (and the 2nd pair of shorts), I found myself sitting and enjoying the feeling of very wet pants.

And to cap off a very enjoyable day, as I sat here and composed this story, I've again re-wet my pants. Hopefully, I'll have another day like this soon, and be able to include some photos along with story.

