Desperation Communication

Author: nakasette

*000*2010-10-24 07:34

I was on the phone with my girlfriend one day, (sadly the only one i've ever had.), we were talking about nothing in particular, more or less just getting to know each other, we had only been dating for about a week, when I felt a familiar urge to take a leak. Now, mind you before i talked to her i spent next to no time on the phone, and was not aware of how well it picks up... noises...

So, continuing the conversation, i just stepped up to the toilet, pulled it out and started going. It was going to be a long one i could tell as i felt the pressure in me slowly letting up, when to my shock she suddenly stopped me mid sentence and asked "What are you doing?" I panicked slightly and said, "uhh, nothing, why?" her reply was "oh? then what sounds like running water in the background?" Now i'm panicking. We just started dating and i had no idea how she was going to react to me peeing while talking to her, i mean, would she think i'm disgusting? weird? insensitive? "oh that, i'm just pouring myself a drink" i squeaked out quickly.

"A drink huh?" she said in that tone of voice which translates to i don't believe you, "well then why don't you stop?". I looked down at my still going dick, i wasn't even half way done yet, but i didn't want to ruin a relationship just cause i had to pee. I simply said, "sure, no problem." as i grabbed hold of it and summoned up my willpower and forced it to stop going. A few drops trickled out but i had managed to stop the hose for now. My bladder was not at all happy about this, and i could feel the pressure returning again, like a dam ready to burst, my dick begging to be allowed to release the rest.

I took my hand away, but still left it hanging out just in case it wouldn't hold. "huh, I guess you were just pouring a drink." she said just as natural as anything. "Oh now i remember what i was going to ask you, have you ever been to niagra falls?" she said in a kiddish voice. I felt it tense up at the mention of the falls, what was she doing? "You know with all that, rushing, gushing, flowing water, that streams past all the natural boundaries as it's released from it's containment?". I grabbed it again to stop it from shooting out, the pressure was so bad i almost couldn't stand up. "what are you talking about this for?" i said in a strained tone.

"Oh, you sound tense, why don't you just relax, let all your troubles just flow out of you, you'll feel much better." she was clearly giggling now, she knew exactly what i had been doing and got no end of pleasure from putting me through this torture. My bladder was at it's limit, there was no way i could hold it much longer. Then to my horror she said, "You know? i think i fancy myself a drink." With that i heard running water start to fill a glass, that was the final straw, the sound of splashing had caused my bladder to give up totally and i could feel my penis filling up fast.

Finally i let go of it and watched as it shot out like a shaken up can of pop, the force was so strong that i could do nothing but sigh in relief. it was at that moment i noticed that the sound of water was not coming from the other end of the receiver anymore, instead what i heard was stifled laughter. "my, *snicker* thirsty again? *hahh* you better watch, *giggle* what goes in must come out! it was all i could do to try and apologies over the roar of my own personal waterfall, i was completely mortified.

"Don't worry about it, we're all human, everybody's gotta take a leak sometime." My stream had returned to the usual manageable level and eventually the last few drips trickled out. "Wow, you sure can pee can't you?" she asked in that little kid voice again. "ha ha, very funny." i just muttered to myself, still quite embarrassed by it. The sound i heard next was totally unexpected, but clear as day from the other side of the line a toilet flushed. "you wanna know a secret? that water you heard me pouring was actually being poured into a toilet, from my body."

She started laughing again as i stammered a few more times in disbelief. She was a funny girl, acted like a child, but was really a lot smarter than me. We dated for about a year and eight months, when she finally got sick of me. I never did tell her about the fetish, I imagine if she knew i was turned on by it she would have left me sooner. but i still to this day remember this conversation clear as day, and all i can do is hope the memory never fails me.

*004*2010-10-25 06:13

I never really chose her, she chose me. She had built up a fantasy around me before she knew me and was hurt when I couldn't live up to it. She was 15 at the time, but in just a short year I guess you could say she started seeing reality for perhaps the first time. Heros don't really sweep girls off their feet and save them in real life. I love her, just as I did, but that doesn't mean much. She's the happiest person in the world now. Successful with a guy that makes her dreams come true. And for me that's enough.

