Back during my freshman year

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-02-11 18:24

Ok so here's how it went, back when I was a freshmen, age 16 (yes I failed, no I wont tell what grade) I was in my last hour completely desperate. Back then I really hated to admitt that I needed to pee, still is, but for the most part I had a strong bladder, however that day was different. I really needed to pee, my legs were bouncing around under my desk as I tried to finish my assignment, however I was in the back most part of the room so no one seemed to notice. Anyway as I desperatley fought to keep my dignity intact the clock ticked down to ten minutes left and my bladder was absolutely killing me! I tried to hold my urine in as I was closing in on my assignment and the thought of asking for a bathroom pass crossed my mind but with the little time left there wouldn't be any point so I tried to hold it and kept working with my legs bouncing around like crazy.

Anyway three minutes from the bell I lost control of my bladder. I felt the warm urine soak the butt of my pants in the chair and my ears began to burn, however I quickly regained control and began to carefully put my stuff in my bag, cautious not to show signs of my accident. Finally the bell rang and as everyone got up to leave I sat back and loosened the straps on my backpack so it would hang low. Then I discreetly ut it on my back so it covered the stain, mostly and headed out of the classroom leaving a small puddle in the chair. I managed to keep my composure till my mom picked me up. It was then that I broke out into tears as I admitted my accident to her. That's the story.

*005*2012-08-20 00:07

{{ 

Aw man the burning ears and the exact situation are so familiar to me. I've left a puddle in my school chair before but everyone found out about that. Nice share.

}}

I was so humiliated to have just fallen into that scenario. I just really hope I never find myself in a situation where I can't hide it... well sort of... It would be kind of exciting to wet myself in public entirely.

*014*2012-08-20 22:59

{{ 

Most teachers at my high school wouldn't let students go to the bathroom in the first 15 minutes of class or the last 15 minutes of class. There was only ever a half hour time window where we could use the bathroom, and sometimes we were in rhe middle of a lecture or test and not allowed to leave. My school also didn't allow backpacks in the classroom, and we were expected to use the bathroom, go to our lockers, and do waterer else we needed to do in the short break between classes. I got into a lot of desperate situations.

Great story! Is there a backstory on how you got so desperate?

}}

Eh not really. I'm not sure how it came about. I didn't do anything different than usual, just seemed that suddenly I was desperate.

