First Public Wetting at the Mall

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2019-02-05 03:10

So I've been wanting to do an authentic public wetting story for a while now but the problem is I never really had any good experiences to write about. I knew it was time to change that, and tonight was the night.

I started by emptying my bladder, then quickly getting a couple of bottles of water in me. My planned setting was the mall about half an hour away. I knew it would be fairly dead on a Monday night toward closing hours, but that I'd at least have enough people around me to still call it "public".

I hung around for a bit at home, using that time to do a few chores and fill a trash bag with a towel and some spare clothes to change into later, while waiting for my bladder to announce itself. I didn't know how long it would take for it to become uncomfortable, and I didn't want to have to spend too much time waiting at the mall. When I felt myself get to about a 6, I warmed up the car, tossed the bag in back, and made my way in. Along the way I nursed another bottle of water, hoping that it wouldn't take long for me to get desperate once I was safely indoors.

When I pulled up to the mall, it was about as "active" as I expected...probably a couple dozen cars clustered here and there in this particular parking lot. The lot itself was lit quite a bit brighter than I remembered it, and my plans for parking somewhere darker were immediately dashed. I'd have to complete my task without the cover of darkness, but I wasn't deterred.

My goal was initially to hang out inside the mall until I was nearly at the point of losing control, then making my way back to my car once I couldn't fight it anymore. Unfortunately the water I had wasn't working its way through me as quickly as I hoped and it was clear that the mall was going to close before I got to a 10. After a trip down and back, and checking out a few stores along the way, the mall was about a half hour from shutting its doors and I knew that I'd have to settle for being an 8 or so on the scale when I made my move.

After passing through the exit I started trying to relax my bladder as I walked through the courtyard, but it stubbornly clung to its contents. Turns out it can be pretty hard to pee yourself intentionally in public, huh? A few more paces with no luck and I started to wonder if it was going to happen at all. As I stepped off the curb and onto the pavement I began to feel the seal breaking and soon enough my pee came flooding out of me, a warm wave crashing down my legs. I didn't want to call any more attention to myself than necessary but I had to steal a glance as I was walking. The dark pants I was wearing didn't do nearly enough to hide the evidence as I expected. To make it worse, the wet fabric glistened pretty brightly under the parking lot lights. If anyone was looking at me from a nearby parked car it would have been fairly evident that I pissed myself. Oops.

After a few really vulnerable moments I reached my car and opened the rear driver's side door, finally affording me a little bit of cover. To my left, a few rows directly ahead, a couple in a white crossover toiled away with their own doors open trying to move stuff around in the back of their car. I was pretty confident they were too preoccupied to notice me. As I unpacked my spare clothes from the trash bag, I emptied the rest of my bladder onto the pavement below, my puddle flowing down the mild incline of the pavement and providing more glimmering evidence of what I'd done.

Once it was clear I had nothing left to release, I climbed into the back of the car and began the awkward process of patting myself down and changing into some fresh clothes. After slipping into some dry underwear, pants and socks I hopped out of the car, briefly admired my puddle snaking toward the drain, then got back in to drive away. I didn't realize how wet my shoes were until my new dry socks started to dampen, but there was nothing I could do about that now.

So I hurried home, threw the wet clothes into the washing machine and here I am typing this up before I hit the shower. Next time I'll have to start filling up a little earlier, but at least it's something to look forward to.

