Car Desperation (No Wetting)

Author: Ryoku-the-Fox

*000*2012-05-02 06:07

This happened to me a few weeks ago. I haven't really been posting any real life experiences on the website (mostly due to a life time of having modesty beaten into my brain) but with all the other *ahem* explicit things I've posted, I feel this shouldn't be so bad. Again, like the title says, I didn't wet myself- made it to a toilet on time, thank goodness!

A few weeks ago my university offered a weekend that would allow us to learn about Hinduism, but required us to drive an hour and a half away to be housed in a location where people went to learn from a swami. The entire time I was using the bathroom frequently, even if I didn't feel the need to go. I have no idea how, but I've developed anxieties about being in a foreign place where bathrooms are not easily accessible, and feeling a strong need to pee at random times even when I don't really have to go. On the final day, I made sure to drink only a little bit of water during lunch and go to the bathroom before I left. I was driving a girl to and from the ashram, so I had a companion during the drive (though she fell asleep the entire freaking way back, leaving me to drive in silence).

The first part of the drive back to the university was okay, though I ran into patches of rain every once in a while. About a little less than an hour into the drive, an urge to pee hit me quite suddenly. There were no warning signs whatsoever; one second I was totally fine, and the next I was shifting in my seat and adjusting the waist band of my sweats, which dig into my stomach and make the desperation so much worse, as I've learned on two other occasions. I was surprised that I hadn't felt any signs of a filling bladder, though that was probably because I was so concentrated on the road that when the rain stopped and the curves were less drastic, I was able to focus way too much attention onto my bladder. I looked at the clock and realized that I had about 30 minutes until we would be back at school, and just figured I would hold it, especially since there are very few places to stop along that freeway, anyway.

I drove for about 10 more minutes, trying to push my discomfort aside, which was becoming increasingly more difficult as I drove. I felt way too full with the pressure on my bladder, my stomach bulging slightly with an amount of liquid I hadn't even thought I'd consumed. I really began to worry, then, because I was almost at the point of putting my hand between my legs, which I almost certainly would have done if I hadn't had a passenger. Eventually, after a few more minutes of shifting and nearly holding myself, I knew I would NOT be able to make it all the way back to school, and began taking a closer look at the signs to see when the next exit was. I passed a sign that told of an exit in about 3 miles, and made the decision to get off there and search for a place to pee.

At the exit after a tense 3 miles, I pulled off the freeway and turned, though the road was windy and surrounded by trees so I had no idea what I would come across. I began driving along a single road surrounded by trees and houses spread far apart. My bladder was so uncomfortably full, the waist band of my sweats pressing into exactly the wrong spot on my stomach as if it were trying to make my bladder contract. I began shifting around in my seat, moving forwards and backwards with the nonsensical hope that it would make the feeling of desperation subside even slightly. I was driving way over the speed limit, going about 55 in a 35 mph zone. The entire length road was completely surrounded by lush trees and ferns, and every once in a while there was a pull out where a people could stop to look around.

After driving for a few minutes and not seeing anything but forest, I began considering the possibility of pulling into a drive out spot and squatting in the woods, but every spot I drove past had a car already parked in it, which inevitably meant at least one person was somewhere nearby who could stumble over me peeing. After at least 5 minutes of driving, I was feeling frantic. The elastic of my waist band pushed on my too-full bladder, and the pressure of pent up urine made me want to just relax into my seat and let everything flow. The desire to hold myself was almost too strong to resist, and the passing turn-outs full of cars made me so frustrated with each lost opportunity for relief.

Another few minutes later, the trees along the road opened up. The road paused at a stop sign, and I realized with absolute horror that the road I had taken had lead me in a circle. To the left was the off-ramp where I had exited, and to the right was the on-ramp that would lead me onto the same freeway I had been on originally. I had lost more than 5 minutes driving in a circle, and was no closer to a bathroom. When I realized this, I literally groaned aloud and felt a fresh wave of desperation knowing that I might as well have pulled off to the side of the road and sat in my car squirming, merely torturing my bladder. I pulled onto the freeway, feeling entirely hopeless, seeing as how the next off ramp wasn't for another 10 miles, though at the speed I was driving that was a bit less than 6 minutes. Again, I drove over the speed limit, watching the clock as I clenched to keep from peeing.

When the off-ramp approached, I could see that it would lead me into a town, which would no doubt mean I would use a gas station bathroom, and that was absolutely not ideal. I passed the off-ramp with hesitation, seeing that there would be another off-ramp in another 10 miles. As the minutes ticked by, I knew that even if it meant using a gas station bathroom or peeing in the woods, I needed to get off at the next exit. I was at the point of desperation where I couldn’t stop clenching for a moment. I even had to move my hand down to my crotch, though only for a moment, to adjust my sweats and underwear so that I was sitting on a clump of fabric that was pressing into my, well, you know.

Finally, I reached the exit, squirming and occasionally moving my hand down to my crotch. I turned onto a road lined on one side with houses, seeing a sign pointing to an RV park a little down the road. There was no one in the booth at the front of the park, so I drove through and took a road that lead to campsites meant for tents instead of rigs, assuming it would have bathroom for those without their own in a trailer or RV. I was growing panicked, thinking that there might not be a bathroom. Driving over bumps woke up my passenger, and I explained that I was looking for a bathroom.

Finally, the skinny road opened to a long U-Turn lined with camping spots, and the glorious sight of a small building. I drove to an open spot near it, and got out of the car. It was so painful to stand up and not pee, and I wanted so badly to grab myself, but instead grabbed my waist band and pulled it away from my aching stomach, knowing that any campers or my passenger could see if I grabbed my crotch. I walked quickly to the building, my bladder aching horribly at the movement and my muscles clenching tighter than ever. 

As I approached the building, I noticed that the male bathrooms had a lock on the door, and nearly lost it as I realized that the bathrooms may be locked to people who aren’t there to camp. I could not get back into the car with my bladder so full, and if the door was locked, I would just squat behind the building and pee. I reached for the door with dread, but it opened easily, much to my relief. I walked inside and rushed into a stall, locking it quickly and pulling down my pants. Peeing was the best feeling ever, and my stomach began deflating as urine pushed its way forcefully out. I leaned my head back and moaned in relief.

The rest of the drive was smooth sailing, and even though I didn’t get any pleasure out of it at the time, I might just get some pleasure out of reliving the experience tonight! Coments = love. (Sorry for the obnoxiously long post! Even more love if you stuck with me through it all for no wetting. heheh)

*008*2012-05-21 00:24

{{:

Awesome story! With all the speeding you did, you are lucky you didn't get pulled over by the cops. If you did, this story may have had a different ending.

What did your passenger think?

}}

Haha, I actually didn't see any police during the whole 90 minute trip. The freeway was calm so I was probably the craziest driver on the road.

She was actually asleep until I pulled into the RV park, so she had no idea how badly I had to go. When she woke up and saw where we were, she only said something like, "Whoa, this is weird," so I told her I was looking for a bathroom. She said something like, "Yeah, that' a good idea." I don't really get why she said that, but she had no commentary other than that. lol, she had no idea how dire the situation was!

