A sneeze got me

Author: Mel

*000*2012-07-24 06:11

If any of you guys didn't already know, I'm pregnant and my bladder is even smaller than it usually is.

So, not too long ago, I was at home alone. My husband was out running errands and I decided that I ought to get some stuff done as well because I realized my husband had been doing everything around the house lately like being pregnant took away my ability to clean. I had trouble sleeping the previous night and I was still really tired, but I figured I'd try to take a nap or something afterwards. I grabbed a can of Arizona (it's green tea, a favorite drink of mine) and got to work. I vacumned out the house, cleaned the tile floors, the bathroom, washed the windows, and stuff I usually do.

I finished the can before I finished working, so I grabbed a small glass of water and gulped it down before hopping back in bed. I had to pee a little bit, but it wasn't bad and I thought I'd only be asleep for a bit if I managed to fall asleep. I drifted off for a little bit and woke up some time later (I never checked). I had a warm, wet feeling in my crotch. I jumped out of bed, my hands shooting to grab myself.

Now, I was kinda lucky here. Usually I would end up wetting the bed or something. It's happened more than once during my pregnancy and I wear diapers to bed most of the time just to make sure. I don't know why I woke up this time.

My bathroom was pretty close. I was sure I could make it, although there was already a fairly big wet spot on my shorts. When, at the worst moment, disaster struck. I felt a sneeze well up. I was thinking at that time,"Oh crap.....nonononononoACHOOO! I tried with all my power to hold back the flood, but that one second my muscles relaxed I just lost it. Pee poured into my shorts and streamed down my legs, forming a puddle in the hallway. I peed for quite a bit. After looking at my clothes, I discovered my shorts were totally soaked on both sides. They were wet on the front mostly because of the bit I had released as I sleep and because of my frantic holding at the end. My legs felt pretty sticky and wet as well because of all the pee that had ran down them. I changed and went on being lazy the rest of the day.

