Peeing on a Cute, Straightedge Guy

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-19 06:09

It had been a long time since I'd had sex, and a long time since I'd peed on anyone, so I decided to combine the two with a straightedge cutesy geeky friend of mine. He wanted to be inside me, and I told him yes, but he had to let me be on top at some point so I could pee on him while I rode him. He's so sub and sweet he rolls with my fetishes because he gets off on knowing that he's pleasing me, so he readily agreed. He likes to start out in the closeness of missionary, so we did then, too. Not my favorite position, but since I had a full bladder, everything felt super-intense. However, I was feeling a bit too full; it hurt a little, so I told him to switch.

I got on top of him and put him in, and got rid of at least some of the piss by forcing it out as I rode him, not the easiest thing in the world, but damn, as always it felt so good. He enjoyed it, too, got pretty loud and even though I told him not to, he began fucking me, too. After I'd cum half a dozen times, I was ready to call it a night, but he hadn't finished yet. And, I hadn't finished peeing, either. After so many orgasms, my body wanted it out, too. So, perfect solution, I stood over him and rained my golden nectar down on his junk, the perfect lube.

*002*2016-06-19 06:42

{{14 minutes ago, rachelkirwan said:

I feel like I'm not doing sex this good :)

Thanks for sharing.

}}

You're welcome :)

Pee is what makes sex intimate for me, sometimes pee play alone is more intimate than sex. This was sort of a ho-hum experience as far as pee sex goes, but hey, it was pee sex, hehe.

