Pride Comes Before the Waterfall

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2017-12-29 21:55

I’ve been posting a lot since coming back! !!!! I was gone for so long I feel the need to catch you all up to speed on the adventures I have had in my absence. Hopefully this is not too much of a “content dump” for everyone

——————————————————

Another trip with my friends went awry while I was away from this lovely website a couple months ago. I was with two of my guy friends and one of my girl friends, we’d driven about an hour away to go see the latest Star Wars movie since we bought the tickets late and our local theater had been sold out. Whenever the drive is longer than 20minutes, I have fallen into the habit of going to the bathroom just before leaving regardless of whether I believe I have to go or not.

I had pulled an all-nighter the day before in order to finish a final paper and had mostly been running on coffee, fumes, and sheer willpower all day but I knew this would be a welcome break even if it meant staying up a little later and having to sleep in more if I wanted to catch up on those z’s. So I followed my safe routine of running to the bathroom, then happily got in the car with my friends and went to the theater.

For those of you who don’t know, the latest Star Wars was an incredibly well done and incredibly long movie. We all had of course bought popcorn and so I grabbed a bottle of water to wash it down with. There is nothing worse than getting a kernel stuck in your throat and having nothing to wash it down with.

Eventually we all made our way out of the theater, and while excited and pleased about the movie I was also dead on my feet. I had polished off my water bottle and the effects of the coffee I’d had earlier in the day had long since worn off. In short, as much as I loved my friends, I was ready to get my ass home. We piled back into the car, me occupying the back seat with one of the guys, while my other companions rode up front. I dimly realized I had forgotten to take my pre-drive bathroom break before promptly passing out in the backseat.

I awoke sometime later, only 10minutes away from the campus parking lot. I felt my bladder make myself known but wasn’t too worried considering how close we were. As we’re nearing 5 minutes away, the guy next to me chirps “better hurry, I know this one has gotta go potty!” I scoffed indignantly despite his being right as my girl friend quickly jumped to my defense. “Oh don’t be a dick. Could you sound any more patronizing?”

“Ok you’re right I’m being an asshole, but cmon, this little guy” he poked my bladder to emphasize his point and I tried not to outwardly react “has a bad habit of getting our girl into trouble.” I rolled my eyes, “I’m fine” I huffed. He backed off with a somewhat apologetic smile. I knew it was silly but at that moment I became determined not to show I had to pee as long as any of the three were around in hopes of saving face. I even took note of the length of my jacket and darkness of my jeans. The jacket extended past my waist, over my butt, and I knew it would cover any minor leaks, although I hoped it wouldn’t come to that. The jeans were far from black and would definitely show a stain but it may not be an obvious one since they were a darker, more classic denim blue.

My bladder was already slowly betraying me as I hopped out of the car but I was determined. My pride would not allow me to show my struggle. I walked upright, hands at my sides, and took long strides, chatting with my friends as if nothing was wrong. I was the only one who lived off campus, although a few would walk in my direction, but by my estimates I shouldn’t have to walk with any of them for longer than 5-10minutes.

I fought valiantly and as the edge of campus drew nearer and 2 of my friends peeled away with a wave, I thought for sure that I was going to make it. My bladder was beginning to really sound the alarm but the edge of campus finally approached and I turned to my last friend, the one who’d made the first comment on my bladder. “So this is you huh?” I ask, barely suppressing the urge to dance on the spot. “Actually I. I feel bad about my comment earlier and it’s super late. I’ll walk you home you’re still another 20minutes away right?” he responds. “Oh no don’t worry about it! You were joking and it’s not that bad of a walk and”

“I insist. Let me do this for you” he insisted, smiling at me. I mentally steeled myself and prepared for the rest of the walk home.

We walked and talked and although I did my best to press my thighs together with each step, I showed no outward signs of desperation. With 10 minutes left though I was struggling and felt the first few leaks hit my panties. I pressed on, doing my best to maintain conversation despite the situation rapidly unfolding in my bottoms. At 6 minutes left I was stopped in my tracks as a giant leak burst forth. I quickly regained control but could feel that I had soaked my crotch and ass quite a bit. 

When my friend shot me a quizzical look I merely shook my head and explained that for a moment I had panicked thinking I’d forgotten my key. He rolled his eyes at my antics and then continued on none the wiser. By 2 minutes, although I hadn’t fully unleashed the torrent, what was coming out could no longer be considered a leak. I was consistently peeing a small stream. My crotch was constantly warm, tiny rivers making their way down the insides of my quivering legs and still I chattered on as if nothing was wrong.

Eventually we finally reached my building and I waved goodbye to my friend. He paused, as if about to ask something, confusion marring his face, but before his gaze could lower to below the hem of my jacket I quickly repeated my goodbye and slammed he door to the apartment lobby shut behind me. Immediately the full torrent started, pouring full force into my jeans. I didn’t even bother trying to stop it, simply leaning both hands against the door in front of me and spreading my legs wider. Piss cascaded down my inner thighs all the way to my ankles and the width was expansive. When the flow stopped I breathed out a sigh of release. It was late enough that the lobby was empty so I simply made my way to my place.

Perhaps I should’ve been more ashamed of what I had just done. And yes there was a bit of that. But I was mostly just grateful I had managed to last until I had reached the safety of my building.

