Saw my co worker wet

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-08-19 23:21

I saw my co worker pee his pants last week. I assume he was running late to work as he ran into the break room to clock in and looked pretty desperate while doing so. Luckily for me I happened to be on break, and since I don’t drive myself I am stuck at work in the break room on break (Which is fine to me) and I noticed that he stood with his legs crossed and even grabbed himself once when he thought no one was looking. And that’s when I heard a faint hiss and quickly looked at him fully. He stood with Crossed legs as pee ran down his legs making a pee puddle at his feet. Unfortunately, his was wearing black pants so it was hard to see but I’m sure he soaked them as his puddle was huge and I obviously could tell pee got into his shoes and soaked his shoes.

*002*2020-08-21 02:55

{{24 minutes ago, Max1990 said:

Did he go back to work after he peed himself?

}}

No, he went home.

*005*2020-08-22 14:00

{{5 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

I feel bad for him, that is so humiliating.

}}

Agreed, I almost didn’t post about it as I don’t find it interesting when some one has an accident in public that’s not into it but I decided to post it since I won’t be giving away anything about him and some people might enjoy it.

*007*2020-08-22 14:38

{{1 minute ago, miamiclubkid said:

He must had been good at holding a lot and held it as he was running late for work. was it in the morning where he might have over slept then rushed to work without pissing? or later in the day where he rushed there from school no time to piss. or after a sport meet or practice that ran longer then normal and he had drank a lot then no time to pee before racing to work??

}}

It was in the morning so probably overslept and had to rush to work without peeing.

*009*2020-08-22 23:04

{{21 minutes ago, RandomWetName said:

Sounds like quite the sight to behold

}}

It was an interesting sight for sure!!

*011*2020-08-23 10:21

{{9 hours ago, Shadowdevil said:

Sounds like an amazing thing to witness!! Did he stand with his legs crossed te whole time he peed? How much did he pee? Did anyone else see? I know you said he went home. Who cleaned the pee puddle and did anyone see that? What shoes did he have on? Did his socks get visibility wet? Also may I ask how old he is if you know?

}}

I was amazing to witness!! Yes he stood with his legs crossed the whole time he peed as he seemed frozen with his eyes closed. I’m not sure how much as his pants were black so it was hard to see but I would guess a lot as it was in the morning(it seemed like he didn’t go yet that morning if I had to guess), he peed for more then a minute, pee filled his shoes and soaked his shoes, and his pee puddle was huge. I couldn’t see his socks but I’m sure they got soaked as his shoes got soaked and filled with pee. I was the only one present to witness it as it was early but he had to walk out in front of others and probably told a manger to go home. I’m not sure who cleaned the puddle and yes people saw it but didn’t know who it was from. He has on black shoes, I’m not sure what kind only that they got soaked. And he is around 18, not sure exactly.

*013*2020-08-23 19:11

{{2 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

That may not have been the first time he dashed to work without having a morning pee, and perhaps he is in the habit of "forgetting" or delaying peeing at other times. He sounds like a person I'd like to get to know.

}}

He definitely is!

*015*2020-08-24 16:22

{{5 hours ago, Allegretto said:

Maybe you should go out for a few beers with him! I find it hard to believe someone would go out in the morning without peeing at some stage in the getting up process. Perhaps a couple of large coffees and nothing to eat if he had overslept was more likely. That would go through some people very quickly. If it was a genuine accidental dam burst, he must have felt so awful but such events are very rare for someone of that age.

}}

Sadly I can’t as he’s not of drinking age yet. I know for sure he was running late now so maybe he did rush out and forgot to pee or what you said with a small bladder. I don’t see what else it would be if I wasn’t a genuine accident as it was at work so I’m sure it was. And accidents might be rare at his age(around 18) but still could happen

