My first time on purpose

Author: Rajnish94

*000*2015-03-27 16:35

I said in my presentation to this forum that I wet my pants on purpose for the first time at the age of 13. This is the complete experience. I hope you'll enjoy.

When you're young, there aren't so much opportunities to try naughty things at home. Some kids are lucky, others are not. I was lucky. I live alone with my mother (while my father lives on his own not so far away). When I was a child, she worked every morning, so that she could pick me up when I had finished my school day. But when I became a teen, she decided that I was enough responsible to stay at home alone and to come back home from school by bus. But that's an irrelevant detail, because I started wetting my pants on purpose when it was summer (I think you should know this, because thanks to my mother's decision I could wet more and more after this first time, even when high school started for me).

I had just passed the exams for the last year of middle school and I was enjoying my deserved rest. I hadn't learnt how to use the washing machine, so I didn't know how to get away with it. But I had this uncontrollable desire that I wanted to satisfy. So I found a way. We had some plastic bags with old clothes inside that we wanted to throw away. I would have taken one of the pants and a briefs from there and then I would have threw away everything. It was not the perfect idea you would expect, but it was enough for the first time of an inexperienced little boy. I put on very tight white briefs and orange shorts. I went in the bathroom and I placed myself in front of a long mirror, which reflected me entirely.

Now, you need to know, that I'm a kind of perfectionist. Since the very beginning, I like to make the accident seem real, otherwise it wouldn't be exciting. So I didn't stand in the shower, like a lot of people do: I wanted to wet the floor, because it is a part of the entertainment! Also, I'm very fulfilled by the view of a growing puddle and by the sensation of my feet getting warm. Well, this is a thing I understood after I had done it more times, but we can say that I've already knew it since then.

So, here's me in front of the mirror with a relentless erection and an upset heartbeat. I hadn't even thought about drinking more than usual and getting desperate to make it easy. I didn't want it to be "induced", I didn't want it to be "artificial". It had to happen just for my own will. This would have made it an extreme unconventional act. I didn't want to be excused by the fact that I couldn't hold it, I should have done it because I wanted to do it.

I tried to relax, but it was out of the question. No one is relaxed his first time. I walked back and forth to the house, waiting for my erection to calm down. Okay, it seemed that it was gone away. I went in front of the mirror again: instant erection. It won't work, I thought. So I tried the hard way, I pushed and pushed, but when the pee was about to reach the tip of my penis, I lost courage. I couldn't remember how it felt when I had some accidents in my childhood. I believed that when you begin to pee, you can't stop it, as if there's a point of no return. I was afraid of it, I hate everything which is not under control (even if, on another hand, having no control could be even more interesting sometimes).

But I was about to do it, I couldn't give up. Some seconds to prepare and then I pushed again. This time I didn't pay attention to what was happening between my legs till I felt some drops soaking my briefs. I was very aroused at this time. I put my hand on my little bulge and rub it softly. The front of my orange shorts revealed a small pee stain. It was the first time I observed it consciously (I've already told that I almost forgot how it was to wet my pants because those memories were too shameful).

Then I tried again. For each push some drops came out. At a certain point, it seemed that I had emptied my bladder completely, but you know well that it's only a belief. For some reason, when you wet yourself, you don't pee all that you've got, something remains in your bladder and you notice it when you remove your soaked pants and go to the toilet or in the shower.

Only few drops had fallen on the floor, but I was satisfied and I soon finished this hard experience in a way that every teen knows.

I can't remember much details that you'd like to read. I can't remember how much my pants were wet and neither I can remember how I jerked off after this, how I enjoyed my "accident". The story you've read was mostly an emotional description of my very first time. Emotions are the only sensations I can remember now. I hope they'll be enough for you to enjoy my story.

