Memory Lane- Road Trip

Author: xCookie

*000*2015-02-11 02:58

Hey guys, as I have promised, here is another experience I had as a child. Our family drove to Navarre Beach in Florida for the week, so I was really excited. I was 7, and had never been to the beach before, so I didn't really know what to expect. Louisiana doesn't have beaches, oyu go south of New Orleans, you're basically in the wetlands, save a few areas. The closest beach is in Biloxi, I think... Anyways, so our family took 2 cars. In one was my grandmother driving, myself, my sister(10 at the time), my step-sister(5 at the time), and my friend(7 at the time) In the other car was my mother driving, my step-brother (6 at the time), my grandfather, and my older brother(12 at the time) We had a big family, don't judge me ^///^

So as we started our 6 hour drive from Baton Rouge to Navarre, We were all excited, but quickly piped down. Soon, all 3 of us kids in our car fell asleep, myself included. Something about long car rides used to put me right to sleep.(now I lose my mind on a ride longer than an hour) I woke up with a start roughly 2 hours later. I was puzzled, because it was so dark outside, and I couldn't understand why. I could feel my small bladder filling up rather quickly, as I surveyed my surroundings. Luckily, my mother thought ahead, diapering us all, even my friend, who agreed after seeing me accept it without a fight.

As I was still trying to figure out why it was so dark, an EAS message came on over the radio. I don't know about the rest of you guys, but those EAS messages scare the crap out of me, even today. It's so scary, having a horrifying computer voice warn you of danger... Anyways, the EAS meesage was for a severe thunderstorm warning, and for good cause. After the last terrifying beeps, a flash of lightning lit up the dark sky, followed almost immediately by a loud crack of thunder. Startled, I let out a little yelp as I nearly lept out of my seat. As I did so, I could feel a little spurt of pee escape into my diaper.

I leaned over and buried my head in my sister's lap, and she welcomed me with her arms wide open. She knew I was absolutely terrified of thunderstorms, and this was no exception. As I was thinking about how much I hated the sunroof right now, another flash of lightning lit up the sky. I turned and buried my head in my sister's lap, in fear of what came next. A long, loud rumble of thunder followed, vibrating the car, even as we drove by at 75mph. I whimpered again, partly in fear, and partly because I had leaked a little again. My desperation was increasing by the second.

Another flash of lightning and rumble of thunder, the heavens burst forth, and it began to rain hard. Like, really hard. I could barely hear my sister as she stroked my hair and told me everything was gonna be alright. The noise of the rain hid the fact that I was whimpering like crazy, once again from fear of the storm and wetting. The rain definitely wasn't helping my situation, and I felt anoth wave of desperation coming on. Having a small and sometimes uncooperative bladder, I found it quite difficult to fight off this wave of desperation. I shivered as the wave passed, and my sister must have thought I was getting cold. She pulled me in closer, and from the shock of the sudden movement, my bladder spasmed, hard. A stream of pee escaped into my diaper, and took me a second to get control over it.

I couldn't show my desperation, therefore I couldn't hold myself, which made fighting of the torrent of pee near impossible. Every few seconds, a wave of desperation would flow through my body, and I would involuntarily realease a small squirt of pee. My crotch was noticeably warmer now, and right as I though I had gotten a grip on the situation, a flash of lightning lit up the sky, followed immediately by thunder, which sound a lot more like an explosion. Needless to say, this thoroughly scared me, and I started to lose control. I started shaking uncontrollably, and as my sister gently stroked my hair, my bladder gave in to the torrent. A hot jet of pee escaped into my diaper, and I couldn't stop it. I burst into tears as I uncontrollably wet myself, right there in front of my sister.

When she noticed me crying, my sister pulled me in and hugged me, saying "shh, shh, it's gonna be all right. Don't cry, cmon".

As I heard her gentle words, I started to calmed down a bit, as I finished going in my diaper. Now with a warm feeling in my crotch, and all around my bum, I started to relax. The pounding rain started fading into the background, and coupled with my sister's gentle words and light strokes of my hair, I soon began to drift off to sleep. I felt so content, like a baby, with a nice warm diaper, and I felt safe and secure in my sister's loving arms, and coupled with her cooing, I drifting into a deep, beautiful sleep. I vaguely remember her checking my diaper for wetness before I drifted off, and her mild surprise to find it soaked.

As I started to drift off, I was abruptly brought back by my sister laying me back on my side of the seat. I whimpered, and reached back to here, wrapping my arms around her. I managed to mumble don't leave me before I started drifting into unconsciousness. She sighed and hugged me again, and started softly stroking my hair. I happily settled down and enjoyed my nap, and when I woke up, we were almost at the beach! I was really excited to finally be there, but that is a story for another day :D

*004*2015-02-11 19:06

Thanks! :D I'm really big into the weather, and as a little kid, I was dumb enough to look into all the possible dangers of storms, so I was terrified of all kinds of storms until I was 13... heh-heh *sigh*

