Naughty wetting in public and in car

Author: rasec

*000*2021-08-25 17:29

Hi all! It's been a while since I posted anything so here it goes. I'm aware that male content is not as popular here but know few people will appreciate it.

So today I left my car in the garage for the service and since I had no car I decided to leave the house a bit earlier and just run/jog to the gym. I got my dark blue shorts and my banana undies (I love how the feel and how they cover my bits but show them off at the same time haha). I drank a lot of water on the way from my bottle since it was quite warm compared with the other days here in the UK.

So when I got to the gym I wasn't as desperate as I had sweated quite a bit and the workout was intense but towards the end I started feeling a bit desperate probably a 4 or 5 quite comfortable. So anyway I was starting to get naughty thoughts by then and since it had been a while since I last wet I decided to top my water up and be naughty on the way to pick the car up.

Left the gym and I was about 7 or 8 but since I really struggle letting go sometimes I kept on drinking from my bottle. I find it very difficult to let go while walking so when I had to stop and wait for a traffic light I relaxed and a decent spurt came out at the same time the light was green and carried on peeing as I walked across the road. I didn't want to get too wet before picking the car up in case anyone noticed it but the dark blue shorts were doing a pretty good job.

I kept letting little spurts out at every traffic lights and the shorts were drying before I let the next one out which was great but my undies were quite wet by then. I could feel a decent size wet patch around my cock and balls (not sure if I can say that here?)

Anyway got to the garage and pick the car up and noticed they conviniently for me had left the plastic cover on the driver seat. It was like a sign as I have always wanted to completely soak myself in the car and of course gave it a go.

Off I went for a slow long drive but didn't know how hard peeing on a car while driving could be! I was desperate but just couldn't let go! Anyway hit a busy roundabout and thought this is it I can do this! Gave a little push an a big spurt came out and that was it I just carried on peeing for a good 10 seconds or so. I looked down and noticed a little puddle had formed on the seat and could feel my bum getting all wet and warm and the piss tickling down my balls. Was an amazing feeling but wasn't done yet.

Turned around heading home and just kept peeing every time I could until I had no more. At this point I was completely soaked and could smell my pee in the car.

My shorts somehow absorbed the puddle and when I got home the seat wasn't wet but the back of my shorts was completely dark to the point that no one could notice the real colour so all good!

I really enjoyed and thought I would share with all you and show you the aftermath!

Pd: sorry about my spelling as English is not my first language!

Hope you all enjoy and happy pissing!

Rasec

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

