Damn, I'll miss the summer

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-11-12 21:20

I´ve been having av very busy and stressful time lately, but then finally I managed to hand in the last papers for something i´ve been struggling with a long time. Such a relief! I had already before decided how I would celebrate this – with combining four of the things I love the most. A long walk in the nature, a wetting, a swim in the lake, and a beer in town.

I made sure I had a lot to drink before, packed with me another bottle of water, a towel and some clothes, and then I left. I headed into town, and decided to take the two hour walk that would end up by the beach walk around the lake near the city centre. When I plan to have a full on wetting in public I usually wear my black sweatpants that doesn´t show it. I have done that a lot, flooding the pants in the woods, and then on the way back bumped into and talked to neighbours or strangers, totally soaked, but knowing they won´t notice it. Convenient and fun. Still I like the feeling of peeing in jeans much better, and this time I wanted to do it in my nice fitting dark blue jeans.

My bladder was half-full as I started walking past the railroad station, and anticipation was building up. After leaving the village streets the walk went through a rural area, and I enjoyed the views of yellow trees surrounding a lake. On the other side of it there was a castle and fields with horses. I walked for an hour still dry, but as I crossed a big road and went down a ditch to get to where the forest track started I had my first involuntary leak, caused by what I see as “pre-wetting-incontinence”. The body knows what will soon happen in these pants, and is eager to start. When the track went across a grassy and muddy field I slipped a few times, and leaked again, still only dampening my underwear. I hadn´t yet planned exactly where to wet myself during the walk, but now I didn´t care about waiting for the desperation, i just wanted to slowly wet my jeans, and soon would be a good time to get started.

So I stopped on the track. My legs tight together, relaxed and let a small stream out. To my surprise instead of just warming the crotch the warm little stream went down the front of my pants, creating a thin visible streak on my jeans all the way down to my left knee. As I wasn´t wet on the inside of my legs It actually looked more like I had spilled something than a pee accident, but I loved that I could see it so clearly just by looking down, kind of like a male wetting. And I also knew just how it looked like if I would meet someone on the track. That was exactly what happened just a few minutes later, a man with his dog was approaching. As we passed each other he was too busy holding and scolding his lively and social dog and didn´t even look at me.

I kept walking, stopped again a few times, peed a little more, just a nice little bit every time, but now my crotch started to get wet too. I knew that the closer I got to the city, the more likely it would be that I met more people, and when I reached the beach walk they would be everywhere. And I would be much wetter by then. I was not too nervous about it though, it was like the relief I felt that I was done with my work made me careless and chill about everything. Still – I do have concerns about public wettings and consent. I don´t want anyone to be bothered and feel discomfort, I don´t want other peoples reactions or embarrassment. So even if I like the thrill of a public wetting I want to get away with it and I intend to make it not too obvious to others what has happened.

As I accidently walked beside a bush the wet leaves left some drops on my pants, and that gave me an idea of how to camouflage my pee patches. I walked through some more bushes, and soon my sweater and my pants were all spotted. It looked silly, but it did it´s job of covering up my other play. I had emptied my bottle, my bladder was still full, and I started to feel a strong urge, both psychological and physiological, to get off track and just let it all go. It would feel so great! But not yet. I just let another spurt out that trickled down my legs and now I could feel my bottom and crotch area had a growing wet patch. As I reached a parking lot I saw people and made the quick decision to stop behind a car and take out the jacket to tie around my waist. In the middle of doing that a man came and asked me if that car over there was mine. “eh no, I came walking”, I said, careful not to let him see the back of my pants as I found the jacket and covered myself. He passed me.

I knew now that I approached the more busy recreation area and if I wanted to empty my bladder, I should do it soon. And I wanted it so bad. I went a little bit away from the parking lot, leaned half sitting against an already wet and mossy stone and spread my legs to hopefully save the shoes. Finally, release. I didn´t have to wait for it, it immediately started streaming for almost a minute, the jeans got wet down to the socks and it was dripping between my legs. I heard voices and people were walking on the parking lot behind my back, they could probably see me sitting there, but the stone covered what I was doing. I just hoped they wouldn´t for some reason come my way if a dog escaped or whatever.

As I had finished and inspected my pants I realised that this probably was my most daring wetting so far, I couldn´t hide this one. My blue jeans had turned almost black in just the right places. Still not that eye-catching in the front, only a small wet spot in the crotch and some wetness on the front of my legs near my feet. The wet inside of the legs was not so visible and could probably pass for shadows. But in the back it was much worse, there was really no doubts where the wetness came from. The jacket was only covering my ass, and there were big wet streaks all way down my legs. Ok, now it´s time for some poker face, I thought, as I went downhill towards the lake and reached the beach walk.

I think I did it ok. I smiled and said hello to the people I met, like I always use to do, nobody really looked at me. The only one I believed must have noticed was a guy that came running from behind, but he was fast and maybe to concentrated on his running to catch it up, but who knows.

Now the bad part of the summers ending became clear to me – I started to feel cold. The chilly wetness of my heavy jeans was clinging to my legs. The sweater I still had on me wasn´t warm enough and the jacket was much needed around my waist to cover up the biggest pee patches. The water in the lake would be really cold. Still, if you want to make sure you won´t chicken out of a cold swim, best thing you can do is to walk two hours away from your home and pee yourself. There would be no way i´d go into the city, do my errands, have my beer and take the train home without cleaning myself up a little bit before.

The sun had gone down, but I kept walking on the beach walk, bladder still filling, so I warmed myself up with little spurts every now and then. It helped a little bit, at least it felt nice to do it. I Passed by some shadowy beaches until I found one that had some sunny spots in the grass. I dropped the jacket and quickly undressed my jeans. As I picked up the phone to take a photo of them, the selfie mode was on, and you know how ugly you sometimes look when not prepared to see yourself staring back at you, but this time I caught myself all shiny, with a huge smile on my face that I didn´t even know I was wearing. So this is how I look when I do omo stuff? It made me smile even more to myself. Poker face, yeah right!

With my panties and bra still on I walked out on the bridge. I felt that I needed to pee more, but it would be too cold to be able to relax in the water, so I just decided to sit down and do it on the bridge, it was soiled with bird shit anyway. With my feet in the cold water I peed through my panties and made a little waterfall that ran over the edge of the bridge and into the water with a clear sound. After I was done I looked around and hoped that the people I now saw on the beach walk and the stand-up-paddle guy passing me by in the water, had been too far away to notice. Then I jumped into the water quickly, and after some fast swimming and cleaning movements, I was almost as quickly back up on the bridge again. The lake was just as cold as I knew it would be.

I walked back to my sunny spot, smiled at the man walking by, telling me I was crazy to still go swimming this time of year. I dried and dressed myself in clean and comfy clothes, and then back out on the bridge to take care of the pants, rinsed them well in the water, and now I was ready to go on. I love this feeling of a reset, (I used to like it even before my walks started to frequently involve wettings) Off with the sweaty/pissy clothes, and I can keep on with my life, I don´t need to get home right after. Almost wherever I go there is a lake and I can do this… Well, at least I could, but this was probably my last one for a while.

Let´s just face it, summer is over, leaves are turning yellow and falling down, the wind is cold, wet pants make you freeze your ass off. Damn I´ll miss the summer.

$$

*003*2020-11-19 22:33

{{On 11/13/2020 at 4:23 AM, hubertheiser said:

Great story and well written. Thanks for sharing it!

}}

Thanks! Glad you liked it!

*004*2020-11-19 22:54

{{On 11/16/2020 at 10:20 PM, Stanley79 said:

Great story! Funny about smiling so. Did you change underwear in public? Very daring to do all that so far from home.

Do I understand correctly that swimming in underwear is accepted there? The area I live in remains prudish about it. Once when I could get away with it, I did. But guy underwear soaks up water. When I pulled on my jeans, the wet went directly through. My girl cousin teased me.

}}

Thanks!

Well I wouldn´t say people normally swim in their underwear on a public beach here, but if they do nobody really cares. Normally people change in and out of their swimsuits/underwear by using a towel to cover themselves, and that´s also how i usually do it. And you don´t get arrested if you accidentily flash something for a second, which sometimes happen. I´m glad my country is less prudish in that way. Still of course some people are shy and prefer to change some place private.

Those jeans must have looked great!

