My first documented wetting

Author: m3rmaid

*000*2017-09-04 01:52

Hey this is my first time posting a personal wetting experience, hope you enjoy it, now on to the story. Hi my name is..... well you can call me Lia, and I am a 5'2 chubby brunette in my 20s. Yesterday I randomly decided that it would be a good day for a wetting, which doesn't happen very often when you live with your family. When I finally rolled out of bed around noon then, in lieu of my morning pee I drank 500 ml of orange juice. Then I got ready to enjoy the rest of my day off.

Around 2 I felt a slight urge to pee, as I was just getting to the good part in the fan fiction I was reading and didn't want to stop, I ignored it and kept reading. A short while later I got hungry and made myself a snack of graham crackers and peanut butter as well as 500 ml of water. This went on for the next couple of hours, feel the urge, ignore it, and keep reading, drink another 500 ml of water . As it came closer to dinner time my mother requested my help with preparing dinner, salmon, corn on the cob, and watermelon. My mother tasked me with cutting up the watermelon, as I worked I felt a strong urge to pee and found myself squirming in my seat.

Finally around 7 dinner was ready, as I joined the rest of my family I again felt a strong urge to pee. While my family sat eating dinner I struggled to keep still and was constantly crossing then uncrossing my legs, and squeezing my thighs together, the 500 ml of pop certainly didn't help. Just as I was about to make my escape from the table my mother decided that now would be the perfect time to take the dogs for a walk before it got too dark. During the walk I struggled to keep my predicament from my parents, this was made even more difficult in that my dog if she sees a motorcycle or loud truck go by will yank on the leash in attempt to chase after it, and of course it happened more than once. However I was able to stay behind my parents for almost all of the walk, thus they didn't see the many times I would stop crouch over and squeeze my legs together every time I felt an urge. Finally after four blocks we were home.

By now it is nearing 9, I get some clean pajamas and put them in the bathroom, my bladder felt like a rock. I told my mother I was going to take a shower, but she asked me to rinse the dinner dishes and put them in the dishwasher first. Every time my hands touched the water a jolt of electricity shot to my bladder and I had to squeeze my crotch with my other hand to keep from leaking, lucky for me my parents were in the living room engrossed in a TV show and couldn't see my frantic movements as I shifted my weight from one foot to the other hand firmly pressing between my legs. At long last after almost 30 minutes of agony the dishes were done.

I immediately grabbed my camera and darted into the bathroom and shut the door. Now I was wearing a t-shirt, jean shorts and pink panties. Once the door was shut I started the shower so my parents wouldn't hear what I was about to do. Then standing in the tub camera in hand I let go. Immediately a hot jet of pee shot right through my shorts, and it kept coming, gushing in warm rivers down my legs. I could hear it splattering against the bottom of the tub, and as the last drops made ripples in the puddle at my feet, a sigh of sweet relief. And now for what you have waited for the photos!

*008*2017-09-05 00:14

I'm glad you enjoyed it, I know I did. I want to try and do one or two more of these in the next week or so. The only thing is I can't decide between jeans, pajamas, or leggings. So what do you think, can you help a desperate girl out?

