Movie holding challenge

Author: AceJohnson

*000*2019-03-18 09:26

Hey everyone!!! I would like to start off by saying thank you all for the support throughout the last few stories I wrote, It really means a lot! I am very excited to write more about my experiences and share them all with you.

Tonight I decided to do a little challenge that I wrote up for my girlfriend, but I thought I might as well try it out too. I basically have to make it through an entire movie without wetting myself but also complete a series of challenges throughout. Here is the complete challenge.

"This challenge consists of you watching a movie while you are desperate, however you must change the position you are in at the specified times. You must be fully clothed, and your pants must have a tight or semi-tight waistband.

1.Start off the challenge by getting to the point where you only kind of need to pee

2.Pick a movie of your choice (must be at least 1 hr 45 min long)

-  If it is longer, then you may use the remainder of the movie as a break.

3.Drink 6-8 oz every 15 minutes

4.There are going to be 4 positions that you must be in while watching the movie. You have to stay in each one for 15 min and you will get a 15 min break in between each one so set your timer!!! You must complete the positions in this order

- Your computer must be on your legs with your arms crossed on top of your bladder so they press down.

- Put your computer on your bladder. Press down on your bladder every 5 minutes

- Lay on your stomach while on a hard surface. You have to rock your hips so that your bladder presses into the ground

- Sit with you computer in between your legs. You can hold yourself every other minute (one minute on and one minute off)

5. Like I said before you do get 15 minute breaks in between each position. You may choose any position you like as long as you are comfortable. That being said, there are rules to the breaks.

- You can cross your legs for 7.5 minutes, the other 7.5 they must not be crossed

- You can hold yourself for 7.5 minutes, the other 7.5 you cannot.

- If the movie is longer than 1 hr 45 min then you are allowed to do everything you can to hold on.

6. If you make it all the way to the end of the movie there is one more thing you have to do.

- You must go into your bathroom and sit (fully clothed) on the toilet for 5 minutes.

- After completing this, you are free to take off everything but your underwear to relieve yourself."

I have already had a bit to drink tonight and already feel like I have to go a bit. I honestly have no clue how hard this is going to be, but I will not give up easily. I know some of you already know what I look like, but I am around 6 feet tall, tan, not necessarily skinny or a big guy, I have brown hair, and green eyes. I decided to wear some blue joggers with a tight elastic waistband as well as some light grey boxers underneath. For the movie, I decided to watch Incredibles 2. I have loved the Incredibles since I was a child, and I am so hyped to get to finally watch the second one. I won't really be able to type while I am going the challenge, but I will do my absolute best to cover everything that happens! Alright everyone, with all of that settled, here we go!!!

Alright so at the very beginning I had to pee, but not too bad. The first challenge wasn't too hard. Having my arms crossed over my relatively not full bladder was actually pretty comfortable. I actually got to sit and enjoy the movie! Being in this specific situation all I could do was anticipate the ocean of pee that was about to be inside of me. I thought I would be able to make it no problem. Boy was I wrong!!! I got through about 20 minutes and 16 oz of water with absolutely no problem. I was doing just fine.

Boom! All of that water that I had just started racing through me and all of the sudden I jumped from about a 4/10 to a 7/10. All of my muscles were tensing up and it became extremely hard to move without any difficulty. I was watching the movie on my bed and even trying to sit up was becoming a problem for me. I was not going to give up until the challenge was over though. I knew that I could make it, and I was absolutely determined to make it all of the way through the entire movie with no problems. I eventually got the the second challenge, and I put my computer right on top of my bladder so that it was digging into me ad I was watching the movie.

The waistband on my joggers was not helping at all. It was already digging into me, and I was squirming the entire time trying to find the absolute best position so that I was comfortable. It wasn't going to happen though. I was going to have to sit there, just trying to make it through the next 15 minutes. I began squirming and trying to rock back and forth, but I quickly realized that by rocking it would make my computer press further into my bladder. I kept getting small pings at the bottom of my bladder telling me that I should use the restroom, but I wasn't going to. I wasn't going just give up within the first hour. I just couldn't do that. Ace is stronger than that.

Once my break came I quickly downed my next 8 oz of water so that I could focus only on trying to keep myself together. I was crossing my legs and trying my best not to hold myself so I would be able to later during the break. My breathing began to get deep and heavy. All I could focus on was trying to find the most comfortable position I could be in for my breaks so that I might be able to take some of the pressure off of my bladder. My waistband wouldn't allow it though. If I laid down then the skin around my bladder would stretch and put pressure all over and make me whimper. If I sat up then my joggers would just dig right into me and make my need even worse.

I pressed down onto my bladder just to see how full it actually was. As I pressed I realized that despite how bad I needed to go already, my bladder was not even hard yet. I was able to easily press into it. Even though it caused me to leak and whimper, It gave me hope for the rest of the challenge. I still had a lot of room to spare. I couldn't bring my hopes up too far though. I still had about 1 hr 15 min left in the movie which meant about 40 more oz to drink. I had only had 24 at the time so by the end of the challenge I would have nearly tripled the amount I already had flowing through me.

I heard my timer go off and I immediately downed another 8 oz of water, got into the third position and set my new timer. I was laying down on my floor with my computer out in front of me. Because of the particular way I was positioned I had to be up on my elbows the entire time. This stretched out the skin around my lower abdomen which put even more pressure down onto me. On top of that I had to lay on my stomach on my floor. I was right on top of my bladder. While it wasn't all to bad at first, I was still squirming, breathing heavily, and whimpering. I felt a dribble of pee try to force its way out of my bladder, but I was able to stop the flow before anything happened. It wasn't until I felt all of the water I had just chugged make its way into my bladder that I began to panic. i was only about six minutes into this position and I felt my bladder begin to harden like a rock.

I swear I felt my bladder begin to push me off of the ground the more it grew. I began to wince in pain as I got more and more full. I started rocking side to side on my bladder as the instructions specified. It felt like I was rolling on top of one of those exercise balls. I would get to the center of my bladder and just fall over to one side because of how full and round it was. I had managed pretty well keeping my pee inside of me until this point. Every time I was move to one direction I felt my bladder slowly push pee out of itself and into my grey boxers. I was on the floor, on my stomach, I could grab myself or cross my legs without putting even more pressure on my already full bladder. I just had to endure. I kept leaking though. I just couldn't stop it from coming out. I made about a tennis ball sized wet spot on my floor, and an even bigger patch on my pants. I was so happy to finally be able to get up after the fifteen minutes were over.

I could barely stand laying on the floor anymore when I heard my timer fire off. Out of pure reflex I shot up from the floor. Let me tell you, that was a very bad decision. The quick motion, and the jolt of my body caused my bladder to spasm and I let out a huge spurt of pee. I immediately crossed my legs and grabbed myself. That's when I remembered that I had to drink more water. I cursed myself for attempting this challenge, but I was not going to let it get the best of me. I am no quitter, and I was for sure going to make it all the way through. Either that or wet myself, which at the time didn't seem like such a far fetched thought. I grabbed my bottle and drank the next 8 oz of water, and immediately regretted it as it instantly started making its way into my already overfilled bladder.

I was grabbing myself and and crossing my legs completely disregarding the amount of time on the clock. This was a very bad decision, by the time that 8 minutes passed I had completely used up the allotted tie for me to hold myself and cross my legs. "Why did I do that?!?!?!?!?!?!" I thought to myself as I prepared myself for the next few minutes of agony just waiting for the time to pass. I was leaking uncontrollably. Just feeling the warmth trickle down my legs made everything so much worse. My whole body was shaking and I wasn't sure if I would be able to make it much longer. I had to though. I was so freaking close to my goal. I had about 30 more minutes left in the movie, and I was already a wet mess. I watched the clock count down to zero as my next challenged approached me. I was dreading it. I couldn't spread open my legs! I would wet myself. I had to push through though.

My heart sank as I heard my timer go off. How could I possibly have more to drink? Even at this point I felt like I would burst and let it all go if someone poked my bladder. I didn't have any more room!!! I just had to put my body on auto pilot and let myself drink the next 8 oz. Hearing the water splash around in my bottle made a huge spurt come out of me and soak my already wet joggers even more. Nevertheless, I had to complete this next challenge. I set my timer for fifteen minutes and placed my computer between my legs. As I did this I felt all of my muscles tense up and lock. I couldn't move. If I did I would wet myself. All I could do was hold myself every other minute, but that wouldn't be enough. I had a tsunami of pee just waiting at the floodgates ready to come out. I couldn't hold it much longer. It took all of my will power to not completely soak myself while I was not holding.

I wasn't able to stop leaking, but I was able to keep just enough control so that I didn't full on wet myself and soak all of my clothes and my floor. I started to feel my kidneys working against me again. I felt them trying their hardest to force all of the water I just had into my bursting bladder. I was shaking, and I couldn't focus on the movie anymore. All I could do was watch the clock in order to make sure I was able to use each minute to my advantage. When I could hold myself I put all of my effort into trying to gain control of my body. When I couldn't hold myself all I could think was "Do not wet yourself! YOU CAN MAKE IT! Please don't let go now! You only have twenty minutes left! Come on!!!!". I could feel my boxers sticking to me, and the warm and wet sensation on my legs was making it near impossible to hold it all in.

As soon as my timer rang, my legs shot together like bullets. I lurched forward and both of my hands shot straight to my crotch. I was too full. I only had about 15 more minutes in the challenge though. I could make it. I wasn't going to give up this close to the end. I couldn't do that. It would be humiliating and I knew that if I tried my hardest I would be able to make it. I stood up and started pacing round my room. Back and forth between walls. I was waiting in anticipation for the movie to end so I could finish the rest of the challenge. I was bursting, I couldn't hold it anymore. Every single step was another leak. It made no difference though.

My bladder was too full to know the difference after the leaks. The back of my joggers had a huge wet spot where I had been sitting for the last position. I couldn't walk in a straight line. I couldn't focus on anything other than holding everything in. That's when I heard the last timer go off. I started to leave my room. I made sure to grab a measuring tool, on my way down to the bathroom because a few people have asked how much I can actually hold. After this, I immediately grabbed my phone and hobbled down he stairs. I left a trail of pee behind me as I slowly made my way to the bathroom.

I had one more challenge to complete and I wasn't sure I could do it. I lifted up the lid to my toilet and immediately after seeing the water in there began to loose control. I fell to my knees and grabbed myself. I couldn't loose it all right here. I was so close. "Come on Ace!!!" I chanted in my head trying to regain all control so I could finish out the rest of this hellish challenge. After another minute I was able to get onto my feet and sit myself down on the toilet. I set down my measuring tool and immediately set a timer for the last 5 minutes of the challenge. I was whimpering. My bladder was throbbing and my muscles were fatigued.

I had about 3 minutes left and I had my eyes glued on my timer. Ever second felt like an eternity. I was trying my best not to think about the sweet relief of letting go, but I couldn't stop myself. That was all I could think about. I was so freaking close to the end!!! One more minute on the clock. I was shaking all over and gripping myself as hard as I possibly could. My bladder was screaming at me for relief. I couldn't hold anymore. I was bursting. I couldn't stop leaking. I couldn't hold it anymore. I had ten seconds left, and those last ten seconds were spent plugging myself so I couldn't let anything out.

RING RING RING!!!! My timer went off, and as if they were in sync so did my pants. I did my best to pee into my measuring too. It felt almost orgasmic. I was getting worried though. I still had to go really bad, and I was filling up this cup fast. Sure it was able to hold 4 cups (960 ml), but I wasn't sure it was going to be big enough. I didn't even think about having to stop mid stream so that I could accurately measure. I was getting close to the top of my cup and I had to think fast.

I settled on plugging myself up again which was painful and made the next few seconds of dumping out what was in the cup into the toilet feel like forever. Immediately after I dumped it out my bladder began pushing all of the pee out of me once more. It was finally after about one minute of peeing that I completely stopped. I had reached about 5.2 cups (1248) ml. I felt so extremely relieved at that point. My bladder was just thanking me for the sweet relief that I just got and I was ready to head to bed. My entire body was exhausted after that long hold, and it was also a lot of fun.

I really hope that you all enjoy my story! I am trying really hard to post a story at least once ever couple days to that you all have fresh new content. I have said it before, but I will say it again, thank you all for the support and love that you have given me throughout the past few days. Please let me know if there is anything that I can do in order to make my stories better!!! But anyways, Goodnight everyone! I will be posting another story tomorrow.

*002*2019-03-18 16:33

{{3 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

That was amazing!

Keen to try it when I have the chance

How wet were your boxers at the end? The only thing that could improve your accounts would be some pics or vids of you are comfortable with that? Thanks again

}}

Thank You!!! Once I finished going My boxers were completely soaked. All the way up to the waistband. I will definitely try to pit some pics and videos in when I get the chance!

