Best Friend Accident

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-02-01 12:02

I remember one of my best friends peed herself when we where in school taking a test. We known each other for 30 years so we are, our mom are best friends so we basically grew up together. Daisy and I are the best of friends until this day, shes basically family. Daisy and I where majoring in the same thing human resources. We needed to take a math class to complete our prerequisites so we can transfer to a university. The math class was not avaliable for another 5 months in fall. I talked to my student counselor about the situation, She said their is a program accepted by the school so you can earn college credit by testing out the class. The student counselor said you would have to fly to Austria because that is where they where administering the test

5 days later we Flew to Austria, It was a hole in a wall school. so I can take the test. Daisy went to go grab breakfast. The Rules for the test you cant leave the room during the test, cant use notes, phones or anything that will enable you to cheat. . I hear her instructions and go use the bathroom, when I came back I forgot tell Daisy to use the bathroom before you come in because you cant leave the room.When the test was going to start Daisy came into the room at the last second and sat in the seat I saved her.. When we where 15 minutes into the test She said was going to use the bathroom, She got up started walking to the door,One of the proctors told Daisy if you leave, Im going to fail your test. The proctor said we will lose our accreditation if you left the room and cheated, we had a bad history of that and their cracking down Daisy sat back down next to me, and started taking her test.

After a while I could tell her bladder was getting the better hand, she had one hand holding herself and the other trying to pass the test. I could see her legs shaking and the her eyes tearing up. All of a sudden she started twitching and grunting from her. I dont know why I was enjoying watching her struggle to hold her pee like that. She was wearing a blue spaghetti strapped dress. I remember I heard a strong hissing sound, I looked down and I could see a river of pee flowing onto the chair and on to the floor.

She had a fixed look on her face for a second, and then she started crying. She mumbled I cant stop it and all of a sudden her pee stream got a lot stronger. The pee stream was so strong it went through her panties on on to the floor for a few seconds until it started to drip below her chair. When her bladder was empty she was in tears because she was embarrassed from peeing her skirt in front of a lot of people. She stopped crying after a few minutes and started working on the test. Good thing is we both past! Bad thing is if she ever found this she would kill me for sharing the story & she made me promise to tell no one lol

*004*2018-02-08 12:31

Răzvan2000

Despholder

Tanin

AudreyLovesPee

The teacher sculled her badly, like I never seen before. In American where we are from, teachers can't really say anything to students or they would get in trouble. In Austria, It looked like the teachers can be as hardcore as they want. When Daisy finish peeing herself, the lady walked over to her and yelled, "your F*****g disgusting, why would you pee on the floor instead of the bathroom you little cry baby." Then she walked back to her desk. My enjoyment, went into total shock when I heard the teacher tell her that. I got upset because it was uncalled for that the teacher yell at my best friend how she did. Daisy was crying uncontrollably for a while, then she got herself together and finished her test. When the test was over we walked out to our cab back to the hotel she said, its not so bad no ones knows me in this country.

Its funny, She came over to hangout 2 days ago after work and I reminded her of how she peed her self during a test and she got mad. it was hilarious lol

AudreyLovesPee

What was ur experience?

*006*2018-02-10 11:48

@tanin

Since she was wearing a light blue dress her accident was very very visible and plus she had a huge puddle under her chair. When the test was over, she had to walk through a huge crowd of people to get to our cab. When we got back to our hotel, a hole lot of other people saw her wet skirt. She pretended to be tough and mentally strong like it didnt bother her, but when we got to our room and she started crying and ran to the shower. When she finished taking a shower she went to her bed crying and then went on a 3 hour rant of how embarrassing and how she didnt want to show her face anywhere in the country. She eventually cried herself asleep,

Its funny since she spending a few days at my house, I was gonna respond to the " Did you talk with her about it in Austria?" question yesterday night , but I fell asleep. We were joking around, and I asked her remember when you peed your dress in Austria and you cried the whole afternoon. Bad Idea, Her mood went from happy to super super angry and she started cursing at me and she threw her water bottle at me. She became very upset and emotional, she iqnored me for the rest of the day, and didnt even talk to me. This morning she wakes me up and said, dont ever bring that up again, she said it makes her feel humiliated and a small disgusting person. I apologized.

Obviously she's still bitter and its a touchy topic for her. It upset her so much she started saying, " you dont hear me talking about you wetting the bed all the time untill you 15, or when no one wanted to hangout with you always pissed yourself all the time and cried like a punk. Id be the only person to hangout with you because ur my lil brother even though we are not related, I'm there for you no matter what. " I apologized again, she said told me that I made her relive that embarrassment and it made her cry, then calls me a stupid F*****g as*****e and walks off. In the afternoon we talked about it, talked about boundaries when we are joking around, said we grew up together and we have unconditional love, arguments happen. Now we are cool. and yep never asking about the Austria thing ever again, no matter how interesting it is lol. sorry buddy @tanin

!

