Cops & Peeing

Author: ElSuave

*000*2010-10-21 20:56

Last night I was out for some drinks with a couple friends at the pub. Towards the end of the night, an acquaintance of mine attempted to stop another patron from leaving the bar because he hadn't paid his tab. He and his friends grew very angry towards my friend, and chased him into a nearby apartment square, so I followed to try and mediate the situation. There was a lot of yelling, and the police were called.

Now, when I drink, I HAVE to pee about every 10 minutes. So by this time, the drinks and the running had made my bladder ache and I knew I had to find somewhere to relieve myself, and fast.

Unfortunately, the police showed up at that moment, and wanted a word with me about the situation. I had to pee soooo bad, and it was all I could do to stand still. About halfway through their questioning, the pressure in my bladder was unbearable, and I felt a splash of hot pee explode into my pants. I tried to shift a bit, and another spurt erupted, and trickled down my leg. There was nothing else for it...I just couldn't hold it in a second longer, and so right in front of two police officers, I peed my pants. It felt sooo good coming out, and I could feel myself getting physically aroused. I stood there for around 45 seconds, while my aching bladder released hot pee all down my legs. It was raining at the time, thank goodness, but the rain had nothing to do with my socks getting soaked and warm. The officers didn't realize that I had peed, and they left. I brought my hand to my crotch and grabbed, longing to be at home, where I could properly celebrate...

*004*2010-10-23 19:13

The rain was key, yes.

*006*2010-10-25 17:33

{{:

It's rather suspicious that you posted these the night after they occurred.

}}

Why's that?

