Walking home desperation

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2020-01-17 11:04

Last weekend, I took the bus downtown. I ran a few errands and then had lunch and a couple of beers at a cafe. After spending about 3 hours downtown, I decided to walk home, because it was a nice day. It was an hour walk to my apartment.

After walking for only a few minutes, i noticed i needed to pee. I didn't feel like walking back to the cafe, so i ignored it. I put my eaphones in and turned some music on. The music took my mind off the need to pee.

About halfway home I wished that I had peed at the cafe. All those beers were really filling up my bladder. The last time I peed was over 4 hours ago, at home. I couldn't ignore my bladder any more... i sighed and sped up.

There were no public restrooms anywhere nearby, as i had left downtown and was now walking down a fairly busy stretch of road. The need to pee was now urgent. There was nothing to do but pick up the pace and walk home.

I managed to control my desperation for a little while longer, but soon i was having a bladder emergency. I had to go so very bad. I bounced slightly as i waited to cross a road.

At this point, i opened google on my phone so i would know exactly how close to home i was. According to google maps, i would be home in 13 minutes. Which seemed like an awfully long timw with how badly i had to pee.

As i turned down a small desserted street, i allowed myself to quickly squeeze my desperate penis. 10 minutes left.

When i was only 4 minutes away from home, the urge intensified even more. I was very tempted to piss behind the trash bins, but figured i can wait 4 more minutes.

When i got into the apartment elevator, thankfully alone, i grabbed my crotch and squirmed.

I quickly opened up my door and ran to the toilet, without even taking off my shoes. I awkwardly undid my belt and zipper with one hand, while firmly holding myself with the other.

Took a very desperate pee. I had to go so bad that i felt relief only after i had halway emptied my bladder. The urge was so strong that i pushed the pee out as fast it would go.

