My first personal experience (Male, Desperation, Wetting, Messing)

Author: ifeelgood

*000*2020-04-27 17:07

Hi, I am new here! I am male, in my mid twenties and a big fan of omorashi. I have no idea when this fetish started for me or what exactly got me into it. I have never talked about it with anyone in my personal life or online. With this story I would like to jump over my own shadow and share with you my first personal experience of doing it in my pants as an adult. (WARNING: includes messing, I hope it is still acceptable for Wetting experiences. Also: How do I properly add tags? Help!)

So, for a very long time I was very convinced that watching women struggling and then losing it or deliberately letting go and fantasizing and masturbating to these clips would be the deepest I would indulge in my fetish. The thought of trying out peeing and pooping myself crossed my mind only very rarely and if it did I convinced myself that I only like it when a woman does it not a man like myself and that there was no discreet option anyway as I did not live alone at the time. About two years ago this attitude had changed and I became more and more curious and open minded about doing the deed myself.

I had read about the banana dare on the web and found it a kind of interesting way of easing your way in. But I still had my doubts. At the time I lived in a shared house together with four others. It was a week during spring, three of the other students that lived in the house were on vacation or at their parents´ since the university courses had ended. The house was pretty quiet all week. On Friday my fourth housemate told me she was going on a trip starting on Saturday. I was getting excited. Although I was not sure if any of my other housemates would show up out of the blue I was kind of certain I had the house for myself for almost the whole weekend.

"This is your opportunity to try the banana challenge. I will do it.", I thought to myself. That Friday night I went to bed with quite the tingling feeling. I was having breakfast the next day when my housemate came down the stairs, said: "See you on Monday!", and proceeded to leave the house. I was alone. Until I realized this, the plans I made the day before were not in my head at all because I tend to think about this and that in the morning absent-mindedly. After the realization hit me there was excitement but even more: doubt. What if I would get caught? What about the clean-up? Was I in my right mind? No, I could not do this. Or could I?

I did the dishes and brushed my teeth and my inner argument went on and on. There were a few bananas in the kitchen but I was (and still am) actually a big opposer of wasting food. I realized that I needed to go to the toilet. The back door kind. At the time I spent usually about one to one and a half hours per day on the bicycle which was my means of mobility. This plus other sport activities caused me to nearly always be hungry and eat lots. My diet mainly consisted of lots of pasta, rice, bread, oatmeal in short: all the cheap and nutritious student stuff. Regularly, I had a bowel movement every other day.

"Did I not go yesterday?", I wondered and recalled that I did not. The urge came quite suddenly and was rather strong. If I really wanted to do what I had planned I needed to make some room. Or…or I could just have the real thing. "No way…why not?" My inner conflict started all over and I could not make a decision. On the one hand doing it would not do any real harm to anyone, the opportunity was right there and it felt so intriguing. On the other hand: this is not "normal", wtf?! In the end I was like 70:30 do to don´t. I made the following compromise: I would change into some old cycling shorts that had comparably thick fabric and thus were not the most practicable ones for the upcoming warmer days anyway. I would then drink a lot of water to get desperate in both ways while doing my home workout routine.

"Sounds like a plan. Let´s see where this will take me." So that was what I did. After a solid two hours of holding and working out I was sweaty, exhausted and desperate for a pee and poop. And I was still very confused about what I had myself gotten into. The urge came and went and came and came and went. And every time it came back it was stronger and stayed for a longer time than before. This was so distracting and my muscles were also so fatigued from all the sets of pushups, squats, lunges and other exercises that there was no use in continuing. My body was slowly sliding into this certain post-workout state where you only want to chill and regenerate for a few minutes.

But given the circumstances I could not relax at all. The situation became really hard to bear. I was absolutely uncomfortable. I had to decide now if I wanted to commit or quit. I really did not want to have an accident in my bedroom so I made my way to the bathroom and locked the door. Force of habit, I guess. I also brought a pair of briefs for after the shower that I needed either way. Standing in the bathroom nervously my look wandered from shower to toilet and back. "This is crazy.", I thought and closed the blinds of the main window. It was still bright in the bathroom that was on the first floor and had some small windows that you could not really cover.

Then I put on the briefs over my cycling shorts. I can not remember what this was about. Maybe I was thinking it would add some more tightness but looking back it did not make any sense as the cycling shorts were already nice and snug. I stepped into the shower cubicle, adjusted the shorts and briefs one last time by pulling them up a bit, closed the door and placed my hands on the bar above it.

"These hands will not come off. There is no leaving. You are not going to bitch out. You are safe. Try to embrace it." I spoke this out loud. There I was. Standing very slightly bend over, tired, sweaty, confused, excited and first and foremost desperate. I was tapping from one foot to the other for estimated 10-15 minutes fighting the pressure that was not overwhelmingly imperative but still strong and just did not want to subside. Then it happened. I got goosebumps and I was getting very hot all over my body. The feeling I got was hard to compare to anything else, a certain mix of panic and euphoria. At this moment I knew that now there really was no quitting anymore. It was unavoidable. I knew it would happen and I was ok with it. I was so desperate and tired I wanted it to happen. My breath became heavy. With my hands still on the bar I grinned, shook my head a little and started a count down.

At zero I was going to relax. "Five, four, three, two, one…" I sighed and just let it go. For about three seconds I could feel soft poop flowing out of me, caressing my anus and my cheeks and slightly spreading up and down and left and right over my bum even toughing my balls. Then there was an involuntary push increasing the flow speed for about one more second and I was done. I moaned from release. There were muscular contractions going on and my knees were shaking so that I really had to hold on to the bar I was still gripping. And then I started laughing. There was no bolt from above striking me, no guilt, no shame at all in this moment. Just release and a little feeling of accomplishment. I was in pure bliss. "Why did I not try this earlier? Why did I hold back?" I laughed and laughed. About ten seconds into my unexpected laughing fit I could feel my bladder emptying. The pee streamed out very irregularly, tickled my balls and my inner thighs and made a warm puddle at my feet.

Finally, I regained my self-composure and stopped laughing. The pee stream had already stopped. I pushed and a few more drops dribbled out but no more poop. "I did it, oh my god. Crazy. I messed myself. I pooped my pants. I MADE myself poop my pants. At 23 years of age. And I enjoy it, oh my god it feels so good." I took my hands of the bar and felt the bulge. Yep, it was undeniable. I applied some pressure to the soft mass with my hand and could not help but laugh again. I can honestly not tell how long I stood there in aw and ecstasy. It definitely was one of the most one-of-a-kind and pleasurable experiences I have ever had. It felt so good. Not only in a "naughty turn-on" kind of way but the whole situation was also just funny, almost comic and put me in a really happy mood. The smell was very noticeable but not bad at all.

At least, I did not mind it one bit at the time. I continued feeling my pooped cycling shorts with the briefs over it, while my other hand wondered from my nipples to my inner thighs to my piss-soaked crotch. After a while I grabbed my now erect penis and started massaging it in the shorts. While wanking up and down my ball were tickled by the big, hot, soft, sticky load I had made. All the physical sensations down there were way too much for me to handle. I clenched my but cheeks and could feel the mess shifting inside my pants. I pulled the shorts up a bit and was rewarded with an intense snuggling.

"Oh my god." I went back to stroking and finished after a far too short time in a beautiful orgasm. "Definitely worth a repeat.", I thought to myself. That was basically my story. I think everyone can imagine that the clean-up was not really a high light but I had such a high that it was manageable. I, of course, did not leave behind any evidence and my little adventure was perfectly kept secret. Luckily, no permanent harm was done to my cycling shorts or my briefs. I soaked them and they came out perfectly clean. I wear them regularly to this day.

Thanks a lot for reading. I hope you enjoyed.

*006*2020-05-27 11:37

Thank you for all your kind replies!

:)

*008*2020-05-31 21:38

{{On 5/28/2020 at 2:21 AM, wetskipants said:

There's something euphoric about that moment you go past the point of no return and fill your pants than wetting, which I also love. So much more primal a sensation. Personally, I prefer a medium to hard load to a soft one.

}}

With 'primal' you found a well fitting term, honestly. I can´t really comment on which texture I prefere personally because I´ve only repeated the deed once and it, again, was on the softer side. When it comes to clips I much more like to see soft messes compared to solid ones. That´s because for me it somehow is like this:

- letting go / release / desperate accidents >> straining one out on purpose

