My Football Wettings

Author: TightWetter

*000*2018-05-08 15:40

This either takes place when I was 8 or 9 years old. I cant remember. When I was that age my mom signed me up for a football team all my friends were joining. Since we were young it shouldn't have been taken so seriously. But our coach thought otherwise.

Our coach was a big bald man that if you did a single thing wrong he would yell at you and make you run around the whole field (which was very big). For example one time my coach yelled at my friend to go and do something. As my friend did it, he muttered to himself, "this is so dumb." My coach heard and screamed at him for a minute then made him run a lap around the field.

Now that you understand my coach now ill tell you about how I am. I was terrified at the thought of being yelled at. Anytime someone would yell at me I would pee a little and cry. When I say that I would pee every time someone yelled at me, I wasn't lying. Although it was never a lot, I would always pee. If I was to tell about them I would have hundreds of stories. Almost every week I would come home from school with soaked underwear and a little stain on my pants after being yelled. Knowing this I was terrified of my coach. One time he told me to do something. He didn't yell but he said it in a mean tone. I got so terrified at him just speaking I started crying. Good thing no one noticed. It was dark and I was keeping my head down.

Now that you know some backstory ill get into the real story. It was late, maybe around 7:00. It was pitch dark and we were having a scrimmage. The ground was damp because it rained the other night. I had to pee and I Just wanted to go home and play video games. Our team hiked the ball. The only job was a linebacker because we never threw balls. I was pushing against my guy when everyone started running in one direction. The runner was on the move. Me not wanting we be there, jogged over to the place. Then he got tackled and a fumble happened. Me (who never got the ball) got excited and started running towards it. Just as I got there the person who got tackled (who was lying on the ground) grabbed the ball. I was very close so I stopped short.

The damp ground caused me to slip and fall of the runner. Accidents happen right? But to everyone else it didn't look like an accident. When I fell I was in a position that looked like I was giving him an elbow to the face. Everyone froze and asked what the hell I was doing. As I realized what happened I froze. I realized that my coach saw this and then I heard him. He said, "GET THE FUCK UP NOW AND GET OVER HERE!" 

As soon as I heard that I started peeing. I start getting up, butt soaked with pee. I walked over to my coach sill peeing. He starts yelling things I can remember. I think it was something like, "HOW DARE YOU HURT ANOTHER PERSON ON THIS TEAM." He made me run laps until practice was over. After all that I was still peeing. I finished peeing about halfway through my first lap and then just started crying. The padding was black and it was dark so thank god no one saw. After that he made me run 2 laps before every practice. It might not sound like a lot but it was the whole entire field.

Second Story

This isn't the only time I peed during football. One week later we had a game. But this time the padding was red. We got to the game and I did my 2 laps (which was shorter thanks to the field). Lets just saw I really needed to pee. My dad made me drink 3 bottles of water before every game and my coach wouldn't let me use that bathroom because it was too far away.

The game started and I had to pee so bad. IT WAS HELL. I was squirming and fidgeting. When I got on the line I noticed something. Someone on the other team had what looked like a wetspot by his crotch area. Most people had these but his looked like he had wet himself. He didn't. It just looked like that after he had been tackled and landed face first. I knew what I had to do. If I peed while crouching, the wetspot would be entirely behind my pants. So I waited until the next play and we lined up. The line was perfect no one was facing me. I decided to start peeing. It started going down the back of my leg. It was working!

Until I heard the quarter back scream, "HIKE!" I panicked. The man I was on started pushing me so I did the same. This caused me to bend forward. I finished peeing and had no idea what happened. Then I looked down. It looked like a normal wetspot from someone who just peed. At first I thought no one noticed. Which was true, for the people on my team. After the game a kid from the other team walked up to me and said "Dude, I say you piss yourself!" and then walked away laughing. I didn't really care because Football ended the next week and I would never see him again.

If your wondering how I can manage to piss myself by accident twice in one week then Ill let you know that I had ( and still do ) a very small bladder and I guess I just had bad luck. I hope you enjoyed my story. I have a lot more that I want to share too.

