I held on for 8 and a half hours

Author: DataLover88

*000*2022-01-14 05:32

So I just did a very decently long hold. At about 2:00PM, I decided I wanted to hold it until at least 10:00PM, which is 8 hours. I started by peeing at 2:00 exactly so I could get a better timeframe, then preparing a set amount of water that had to be drank prior to 9:00PM to maximise desperation. I decided on 3L. I also got two towels ready on the floor for when I eventually did burst since I had no intention of running to the washroom after holding on for so long. Thus, the hold began.

By 4:00PM, I only felt a flight urge and had only drank 1L of the water.

By 6:00PM, I started to feel some pressure in my bladder, and had drank another 1L. By this point, since I wasn't super desperate yet, I went and got another litre of water and added it to my "to-be-drank-before-10" pile. So in total, I had drank 2L and had another 2L of water to finish in 4 hours.

By 8:00PM, I was feeling really full, and had drank, you guessed it, another 1L. I was starting to doubt if I could make it to 10, but I was still about 75% sure I would.

By 9:00PM, I was beginning to get desperate. My bladder was so incredibly full and it was getting hard to hold on, especially with the last litre I drank in the hous. I was temped to pee, but it's already been 7 hours with just another hour to go. How bad could it be?

By 9:15PM, it was apparent that it was going to be bad. My bladder felt like it was filling at an exponential rate. I had to stand up and start pacing to try to take some pressure off my bladder.

By 9:30PM, I had to hold myself with my hands. I couldn't focus on much else other than the ever increasing pressure in my bladder.

By 9:45PM, I just remembered that I forgot to drink the last litre of water I had planned for myself. It was bad enough that I had to take my hand off my urethra to hold a cup, let alone put more water into my system. Surprisingly, I only had two minor leaks while chugging that last litre. I would have celebrated if I didn't have to use my hands to keep my bladder from bursting.

Finally, at 10:00PM, I had done it. 8 hours of holding. However, while it was a struggle to hold on, I wanted to keep holding until I really couldn't anymore. Even though at this point my bladder was at its limit, I wasn't peeing myself yet. Just another half hour...

By 10:10PM, I was leaking more and more. About once every two minutes I would leak. My bladder was overfilled and trying its best to let some pee out, but I haven't burst yet.

By 10:20, the leaks started coming more and more. It seemed like every time a drop of water entered my bladder, some pee would get pushed out of it.

By 10:25, the leaks were turning into spurts. A wet spot was forming on not only my underwear, but my pants too. It felt like I was spurting every 15 seconds. Just a little longer...

Finally again, at 10:30, my bladder couldn't take it anymore. The 8 and a half hours of pee with 4L in my system finally broke though. Leaks had turned into spurts, which turned into a small stream, which turned into a full on wetting. I peed for about 3 minutes, the first 2 being a powerful stream, with the last two being many small spurts until I was finally empty. It was a huge relief.

*004*2022-01-21 07:30

{{21 hours ago, triggercommand said:

So incredibly hot to hold such a huge amount of water over 8 hours+! You must have a massive bladder capacity to keep most of that in over so long. Have you ever measured?

}}

I can hold about 1.8L, give or take .05L depending on the day.

