Desperate in a Devil Costume

Author: IAmCrazy132

*000*2017-12-09 18:05

Okay, so, if you read my last experience (midsummer night's accident), you might have gotten the impression that I like Shakespeare. You'd be correct (or should I say "thou speak'st aright"?) My favorite adaptation of one of his works is the 1996 movie "William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet", mostly because it was just so overdone and insane. If you haven't seen it, you should do so immediately-it's honestly the perfect example of something being so bad it's good. Anyway, this past Halloween I went to a costume party at a friend's house. I had recently re-read "Romeo and Juliet" and decided to go as Tybalt Capulet, my favorite character. If you've seen the 1996 version, I wore the devil costume from the Capulet party scene. My hair is really short, so I just dyed it black and styled it. I had to bind my breasts, so I took advantage of the binder my wife has lying around for no apparent reason. Speaking of my wife, she dressed as Mercutio from the same film, in the drag queen outfit.

So we arrive at the party, and she jokes that she should pull our invitations out of her skirt while I awkwardly draw a tiny goatee-like thing on my chin. As soon as we get inside, my dumb ass remembers that I haven't gone to the bathroom since lunch. But I was in a sort of naughty mood, so I decided to wait. Now, my wife and I (she asked me not to use her name) are a bit mismatched-she's much taller than me, I'm like 4'11. So we're standing next to each other, and she's got her arm around my shoulder, and we're just talking. At one point, she bends over and kisses my forehead. And then a really loud song comes on. It's abrupt, and I jump, leaking a little. My wife asks if I'm alright, and I mutter a "yes", but I really have to go at this point. The bathroom is occupied, and while there's no line, I still want to hold it a little while longer. My bladder is telling me I don't have a whole lot of time, and my legs are pressed tightly together, but the whole situation is exciting me.

My desperation builds over the course of the next twenty minutes, and by that time I know I need to find a bathroom soon or risk wetting myself. Of course, some guy is in the middle of a long story, and I can't just walk away. I think I'm visibly shaking. When he finally finishes, I start walking to the bathroom.... and some asshole gets there right before me. I glance around, chewing on my lip, and absentmindedly adjust my devil horns. I leak again and bend over, shoving a hand between my legs. 

The bathroom is in a side hallway, so no one saw, but I panic anyway and knock on the door. The person inside says he'll be a minute. I lean against the wall, shaking, and my bladder spasms before releasing suddenly. I manage to get it slightly under control, but there's still a constant stream running down the inside of my leg, so I bang on the door and yell that I'm pissing myself. The guy opens the door and gives me a weird look-apparently, he'd been reapplying costume makeup-but he can tell how bad I have to go, so he steps out.

I was already peeing at that point, so instead of trying to get my pants down, I just sat on the toilet and wet myself there. When I finally finished, my pants were soaked through and anyone could tell what happened if they took more than a cursory glance in my direction. I spent several minutes trying to figure out what to do, and eventually I open the door slightly to see if the guy's still there. He's not. I try to think of a way to get back to the car without anyone noticing my accident, and finally I tie my white undershirt around my waist and put the vest back on by itself. Then I walk out of the bathroom and to my wife as fast as possible, and quietly say that we need to leave. She gets the situation and we're out of there. I toss a towel onto my seat and neither of us mentions it in the car, we just joke about our costumes and the shitty weather.

"Why isn't it snowing? It's almost November!"

"The snow gods are homophobic."

"TYBALT DEMANDS SNOW!"

I take a shower as soon as we get home, and then we snuggle up on the couch and watch-what else?-"William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet".

