Police Stories

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-07-25 06:27

Another re-poster from my archive

###

As a (former) police officer, I saw quite a few women and girls wet their pants, ranging from stroke victims and epileptics and accident victims (as in car crash) to drunk and desperate girls. At the time, for the most part, I found very little erotic about them.

Oh yeah, before I forget, I also used to clean restrooms, talk about some desperate girls!

But I digress. As a decent person (I like to think), I am unable to find myself erotically motivated by another person's pain. And I doubt you would be either. So the seventeen year old having a seizure in a parking lot, the pregnant lady about to give birth, the girl pinned in an overturned car (not to mention the assorted suicides and murder victims), we shall consider all these off limits. I was a police officer for about five years in

California.

What constituted fair game then? When would I find a wet girl sexy? Mostly alcohol related incidents. The lady charged with drunk driving. I was at the jail, hauling in a real sleazy dude for dui; his license was already suspended. Earlier I had heard a radio

BOL (Be on lookout) for a possible dui female in a green Mercedes. A California Hiway

Patrolman had caught her on the freeway north of my beat, and had arrived at the jail just before I did. I recall she was tall, with dark, curly hair, and very pretty, about 35 years old. She was wearing a tight fitting dark green jumpsuit that zipped up the front, and high heels, and some sort of gold necklace dangling into her cleavage, and big floppy earrings, all the stuff to make a guy notice her.

A drunk driving charge is a serious thing, and officers carefully document their rationale for a dui arrest. First there is the probable cause for a stop, although a phone tip is valid; without it, the driver must somehow violate the vehicle code to justify a traffic stop. Then, on contacting the officer, there are the objective signs of intoxication; slurred speech, bloodshot eyes, odor of an alcoholic beverage, disshevelled clothing, sometimes wet clothing (pissed in), fumbling for their driver's license, etc. Then, the officer tells the driver they are suspected of being under the influence, and asks the driver to exit the vehicle, where a series of dexterity tests are given to determine the suspect's level of intoxication.

At any rate, the lady charged had failed her field sobriety tests and been placed under arrest for suspicion of drunk driving. Normal procedure is to transport the suspect to jail, book them, perform another sobriety test on videotape (or videotape their refusal-

California has an implied consent law; if you operate a vehicle in California, you implicitly give up your right to refuse to be tested via blood breath or urine for being under the influence of alcohol or other intoxicating substance, including legal prescription and non prescription drugs). The lady in the jail was very upset, crying and doubtless frightened, not only at the legal charges she was facing, but also at the prospect of being jailed. The class of people you tend to encounter in jails is different from the sort beautiful ladies in

Mercedes usually consort with. She diddn't give the usual signs of desperation, no hand at the crotch, grinding her thighs together, bobbing up and down, none of that. She was obviously under the influence; it is the difference between that and drunk that gets people in trouble. She had no problems standing or walking or talking, although she was trembling somewhat. I don't know if this was out of fear or the need to pee. The officer started his sobriety tests as I ran the video camera. She screwed up all the tests, beginning with the finger count, the one leg stand, and the arms at the sides, eyes closed, head back.

During the heel to toe walk, she screwed up the walk toward the camera part, and at the turn around she wet her pants. So she was close to me and facing me when she stopped, to turn around I thought, but instead she buried her face in her hands and started sobbing.

I watched her through the camera lens for a couple seconds before I realized she was peeing her pants. By then she had a dark stain past her knees; her bladder seemed to explode. In a matter of a few seconds there was a large puddle on the floor between her feet, maybe two feet across, and the stains had wicked up her rear (by then she had turned away from me) to the top of the outline of her bikini panties. I and the other officer watched her silently, not laughing or even mentioning what she was doing, waiting for her to compose herself. Eventually she did, and she continued on with the testing.

A key element to the eroticism of the scene was the fact that, although the lady was frightened greatly by her plight, she was in no real danger. Sure, there are unpleasantries in jail, but she was only facing four hours max in the drunk tank, and the likelihood of being assaulted is virtually nil. She was facing criminal charges, and there would obviously be repercussions in her personal and social life, possibly her career, and possibly the realities of all that were just settling in to her as she wet her pants. I don't know, and I didn't care. I've scraped up a few too many bloody corpses off the road or out of a car to have any sympathy for drunk drivers.

Not that animosity toward her was an issue in the eroticism of the scene. Another story, in detail? Okay, twist my arm. I worked in a college town, and got called to take three shoplifting suspects into custody at a drug store. I responded and took custody of three young college girls; each had been caught by the private security guard for the store

(a woman) stealing alcohol; they were all under twenty one, to make matters slightly worse. I transported the three in my car back to the police department station; there I would fingerprint them, photograph them, and issue them citations for petty theft. In the three minutes it took me to get back to the station, two of the girls burst into sobbing tears, for no particular reason I could see, other than the reality of being charged with a crime settling in. I hate to admit it, but I, and I think this is true of most cops, at least males, have a hard time with crying young girls, even though I know that many of them know this and will use tears to attempt to manipulate you into leniency. 

It worked with me this time, as I had already decided not to scream at them about theivery in general or about how I could charge them with a felony since they had entered the store with the intent to commit a theft, as evidenced by their spontaneous statements to me in the car and the fact they had all gone into the store carrying empty knapsacks, as many college studernts do. No lecture, no threats, just a quick booking and cut 'em loose.

Our station had a small holding cell; small and austere, about ten by twelve, with concrete floors and walls, a concrete bench along one wall, and a seatless toilet/sink combination. I put the girls into the cell together, anbd slammed the steel barred door dramatically. I walked out to the dispatch center to get my print cards and, per policy, to lock up my sidearm, when I got sent to a much hotter incident, a barfight or something.

That turned into an hour long diversion, so the girls were nervous wrecks by the time I got back to them. Also, it was an hour later in my shift and I had had to deal with some real nasty people, so my demeanor was a little less sympathetic. I slammed back to the booking area and motioned for the closest girl to come with me. She was short and pretty, with long curly brown hair, wearing a tight t shirt and tight, faded jeans, the type that are tight all the way to her ankles, with little zippers at her ankles. She was sniffling as I rolled her fingerprints, and I didn't notice her acting desperate for the bathroom. After all, she'd been locked up for an hour in a room with a toilet, if no privacy. As I lead her back to get her mug shots, she gasped a couple times, but I attributed this to her crying.

She continued to gasp occasionally as I put together the little letter deal for her to hold up as I photographed her, bearing her name and the date and the crime report number, or whatever the hell it was those things had on them. It was when I walked back to take her photo that I saw the wet spot in her crotch, about 6-8 inches diameter. Then I realised she had been wetting her pants, bit by bit, as I prepped to take her pictures. She held her crotch a couple times, sniffling, and I had to fight to keep from laughing at her. Sure, she was young and cute and scared, but I was probably only three or four years older than her at the time, and if she was that scared of the process, she'd been living a very sheltered life.

As soon as I finished with the snapshots (face only, front and profiles), she groaned loudly and went into a crouch , clutching at her groin. A steady amber stream started filtering out the seat of her pants, puddling around her sneakers. SHe remained like that for a few moments, then looked up at me pitifully. I just motioned her back to the holding cell and locked her back up. I got the second girl out as I put the first one back; she wore a short pleated skirt, the type with a huge safety pin holding it wrapped around her waist, and opaque tights. 

I photographed her uneventfully, then brought out the third girl. She was taller the others, about five seven, wearing tight jeans, cut off just above the knees. She also cried through the fingerprinting process, and also fidgeted considerably. I asked her if she needed to go to the bathroom, but she just shook her head. I even think I asked her a couple times, if I remember correctly. She started holding her crotch as I put together the signboard for her, and I asked please not to pee on the floor like her buddy had done.

Again with the tears, only this time her hand went to her butt as I heard a liquidy noise and a foul stench filled the small room, definitely not urine this time. Her eyes got very big, but she quit crying. She whispered something about not believing it, and as I watched her a stain suddenly appeared in her crotch, and rapidly spreasd between her thighs. I sighed in disgust as I realized I was about to have another puddle to clean up, this one smellier by several times than the first. I went ahead and photographed her for the booking sheet, and to this day I would recognize the look on her face as that of a girl who has just crapped in her pants.

All three girls ended up waiting in the cell for another hour or longer before I finally released them. I don't know why the two in jeans had had accidents, but I remember they had done nothign to clean themselves up when I released them, and I was vaguely wondering if they got a diaper rash or something from sitting in their soiled clothing for so long.

###

