A Close Call in Overalls!

Author: SaQra

*000*2019-07-23 20:42

So recently I bought a new pair of bib overalls for my summer wardrobe. They're black denim, and skinny fit with a high waist. Today, for the first time I wore them out, with... interesting results

I went to see Spiderman: Far From Home, with a few of my friends and my boyfriend. We smuggled plenty of snacks and drinks into the movie theatre (having an extra bib pocket definitely helps with that! XD), and I had finished a can of soda before the previews ended, as well as a glass of water before I even set out. This was partially intentional, as I wanted to do a bit of a hold for the fun of it. However, I didn't plan for things to go down the way they eventually did...

We all spent the first half of the movie engrossed, while occasionally ribbing eachother for food and more soda, but by about an hour in I was starting to feel some pressure in my bladder from the now two cans of soda and earlier water, as well as the sugar from all the candy we'd been eating. I held myself a bit intermittently, squeezing through the thick black denim and my boyshorts as discreetly as I could while the pressure built for the next half hour. Unfortunately, overalls rustle a lot more than regular jeans, and soon my boyfriend noticed my restlessness, squeezed my hand and asked if I needed the restroom.

He knows I have some real bladder issues, and am very shy to talk about my needs, as well as having a tendency to put them off until the last minute (although not completely why), and he tries to make sure I don't have accidents if he can help it. I let him lead me out of the theatre, where he took me to an attendant to ask where the toilets were (we'd never been to the establishment before, it was recommended by another friend in the group). Here we encountered our first problem, with a conversation going something like this;

BF: "Sorry, is there a bathroom X can use?"

Attendant: "Men's are to the left of the lobby, women's to the right..."

BF: "Any gender-neutral facilities? Could they use your disabled bathroom?" (I'm non-binary, and am scared to use gendered restrooms as I look neither masc nor femme at this point, and so will be stared at and potentially harassed regardless of which room I use)

Attendant: "Both bathrooms have disabled stalls, but we don't really have a separate bathroom?"

The poor girl looked pretty confused at this point, and suggested we try a cafe down the street. However, we didn't want to miss the film, and I'm stubborn if nothing else, so after I tried to assure my boyfriend I could wait (I'm not sure it was totally convincing, but he took my word for it even though I was squirming a bit on the spot), we ended up going back into the theatre.

I squeezed my thighs together and sat out the other 40 minutes of the film, refusing all other drinks and undoing the top button at the waist of the overalls to try and alleviate some pressure. It worked mostly, and I was able to hold back the pressure successfully until the end credits started to roll. My friends all wanted to stay for the end credits scene, as did I, but since I didn't want to have a public accident in my new clothes, I excused myself and left, promising to meet my boyfriend at his car as I virtually hobbled out of the theatre.

I managed to get maybe halfway down the street before the first leak spurted into my underwear. I couldn't really do anything at that point except hold myself and pray, feeling the damp fabric against my sore nethers that wanted nothing more than to release, and trying my best to double my speed and reach the café. I did reach the doors before the next leak, a larger one which soaked through the shorts and onto my overalls as I rushed to the counter.

As I explained my situation to the server, he quickly grabbed a set of keys and opened up the cafe's single unisex loo, saying I'd need to buy something after since it was supposed to be customers only. I barely even listened as I slammed the door and fumbled with the buckles and straps of my unfortunately complicated clothing, finally managing to undo the top and side buttons and tear them down so I could relieve myself.

Once I finished up, I inspected the damage (and snapped some pics of the leaks), and seeing that, while embarrasing for me, the damage wasn't severe on the black overalls, I set off to rejoin my party, thoroughly flustered and wondering if my choice of outfit had been sensible after all...

$$

$$

$$

