Spirting while going for a walk

Author: Bisonwin

*000*2019-11-05 20:01

So tonight is bonfire night and I would be spending it alone. To make it more interesting I decided to have a little fun.

*vague description of myself*

About 6ft, was wearing light blue jeans, a black jumper and a yellow t-shirt with a pineapple wearing a thong on it- no underwear.

The original plan was to wet a pair of joggers while in front of the fire I would make but I realised I needed to go to the shops for some things so I changed into a new pair for jeans Iv been wearing a bit, to test how absorbent my new jeans are I decided to pour a small amount of water on various parts of them to see if they’d show- they didn’t do I went with them. Skip ahead to about 5pm I head around my back garden to cut the wood into smaller bits to burn. This took me almost an hour and got me to 6/10- knew I could pee but not desperate.

6 o’clock rolls around and I’m trying to start the fire, Iv had another few glasses to drink and I’m occasionally spiking in need because of it being a bit cold and raining a tiny bit. I tried for about 30 minutes but just could not get this fire to light. I head inside and did all the things food wise I had planned to do with the actual fire while having a can of cider.

I was bouncing about holding myself when I decided to kick it up a notch and try a public wetting. I figured the streets would be quieter and I wouldn’t be noticed so I went for a walk around the streets to the top of the hill I live on. As I lift I realised there were more people about that i expected, due to my need to pee and the drink I was extremely hard but luckily the jeans are quite loose fitting so it hid it somewhat, when walking to the top of the hill (about 10-15 minutes) a man with his dog was in front of me most of the time, I was worrying a bit that he wouldn’t turn away but was confident in my ability to hold as the need subsided as I walked.

After a pretty uneventful walk up I noticed I had been getting quite wet around the tip so I wanted to check it wasn’t noticeable so after looking around for a bit I grab my crotch and pull the jeans away slightly. I then looked up and saw like three people in a garden looking in my direction. I was mortified, so I played about with my phone for a minute to make it seem like I was just adjusting.

I had had been talking with some friends before I left about how enthusiastic my area is about bonfire night so I stopped to take a picture of a big fire across the way- and that’s when the first spirt came. I looked around quickly and nobody was around so I started walking again, I could feel my face warm up as I crossed the road and decided to take a quick video to see if more would come out.

I was still for about two second when I felt my bladder contracting but I didn’t let any out, instead I walked down the hill to a better position beside a lamppost to take a longer video. After 3 seconds or so I relaxed a tiny bit and my urethra was filled but not releasing anything because of the way my penis was resting. I stopped the recording and started walking towards the local park where I was going to sit on a swing to try let go, after the first few cautious steps the pee escaped and ran down my left leg a bit. Nothing was visible but I picked up the pace and got to the darkened park, I was sitting on the swing, swinging on the swing, but nothing was letting me let go- so I gave up and started heading home proper. About 12 feet from my gate I just tried to relax and push some out while walking, it was difficult but a short quick stream cascaded freely down my leg.

Not wanting the fun to stop there I went around my back garden again and sat with my legs on opposite sides of my wall- it was at two different levels so I had one leg about knee height. Nothing was letting me let go while sitting so as I was about to leave the fireworks started a big show- I took the opportunity to record it while standing on the wall- I recorded for a minute but after the first five seconds I was peeing constantly. A wave of relief washed over me as the pee cascaded down my legs, darkening the trousers slightly. I turned on my phone’s torch quickly to catch a glimpse of the damage before rushing into the house. I threw my shoes off, the left one being a bit more wet than the right, and had another glass or two of water. I then rushed up the stairs to the bathroom to take pictures and start writing this. With the relatively little I had peed I filled up quickly and wet another two time while writing this standing in the shower.

