Solo pants wetting after party

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2016-01-23 11:00

A good colleague of mine was transferring and many of us were going to wish her off at an after work gathering.

I knew alcohol was going to be involved and being a light drunk, I figured today may be the day where I actually do something naughty in public.

Because I was going straight from work, I still had my uniform on. I was going to wash them anyway, so decided to go commando – after a few washes, the fabric really softened up and felt great to my bare skin. My pants aren't tight, but fitted quite nicely, giving me a semi-erotic feeling of someone always caressing me.

During the day, I had only used the toilet once – and that was after being up for almost nine hours. I wanted to hold it, but figured that it might be more challenging after breaking the seal. At this time, I only had a few hours left before the drinking would begin, so I quickly downed a bottle of water.

When it was time to hit the bar, rounds began immediately. Already buzzed after one glass of beer (yes, I'm a cheap drunk), I hadn't quite felt the desperation yet. I decided to try and finish my second glass of beer, but already felt like I've reached my limit. As time passed, I knew the alcohol had quickly filled up my bladder. Another colleague was dropping me off at the train station, and I was contemplating whether or not to continue holding it. I ultimately decided to use the loo again, just because I didn't want to mess up his new car. Luckily, I had another bottle of water in my backpack, so I downed that one too when I left.

Once I reached the station, I was feeling quite daring. I had a good buzz going on, but still somewhat aware of what was going on. As the train arrived, I got onto the last car – and luckily, there was no one in the car. I knew that this was going to be the day.

I quickly found myself on the last row and sat down in a very relaxed manner. It was going to be a few minutes before the next stop, and my bladder needed some relief. Being my first time, I had a small but consistent trickle – it helped not wearing underwear, as my pants became marked with my piss. It felt good, especially since the warm urine seeped into my rear.

After this initial test, I guess my brain gave my bladder the all clear – I released a second, longer and more powerful stream of piss. New piss re-dampened my wet spot on my pants, but did more damage. It soaked across my whole crotch, and the overflow went down my legs into my boots. I had finally done it – wet myself in public, albeit there was no one to witness it.

As the train traveled to my station, people got on and off, but still relatively empty – it was almost as if this experience was catered to ease me into wetting myself in public. Even if caught, I could have been excused by claiming I was drunk.

When I got home, I had texted another coworker who couldn't make it to the party, whom I really wanted her to see me wet myself. Still buzzed, I had the courage of leading the conversation that I was having too good of a time and peed my pants a little bit. Her shocked emoticon would have to suffice for now, as it would have been extremely erotic to see her witness me wet myself. Let's see what she'll say in a few days' time when I work with her.

*003*2016-01-25 05:25

Well, my coworker was shocked, but didn't seem disgusted. She kinda joked around to lighten up the mood and even proceeded to call it cute, but I don't think that comment was going anywhere. I managed to gather up courage to show her a picture of it via text. Her emoji was of course shocked, but I can imagine her giggling/laughing about it, just as when I told her earlier.

She did ask a few details, and being experienced in it, was able to give her descriptions so convincing that had her comment that it must've happened before and that I wasn't bullshitting: how my rear became soaked, how the pee soaked my pants and then seeped into my boots, my shoelaces being wet as well, etc.

I even joked around the next time that I could even film it for her next time (albeit being a purposeful wetting at that point).

Anyway, attached was a pic of what I sent her.

*005*2016-02-05 00:37

I've been touting the idea with her since then – unfortunately, I don't believe that she's as receptive as I first thought. But, that doesn't mean I still won't have a future accident when it's just us two! I just have to wait for the stars to align. Haha.

