Silly fear wetting just now, a genuine accident!

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-10-13 03:39

I can't believe this happened to me...I didn't even know I had to pee.

I was chatting with a friend on here about my ever-growing attachment and devotion to my Seth Rollins action figure, and whether or not it's unhealthy. His reply went something like "It's probably not, unless you can't leave it."

I began writing back that I used to let friends hold him for up to 30 seconds at a time (because everyone should feel the magic of Seth Freakin Rollins! Seriously, he feels wonderful in your hands.) until someone dangled him out the window on Hwy 36, and I freaked.

Typing it brought back the feelings of fear and panic I'd had at that moment. Out of absolutely nowhere, my bladder, which I hadn't been aware of until that point, gave the strongest cramp ever, and I was completely helpless to stop the piss. I jammed both my hands into my crotch, and leaned forward, but it just kept coming, and it was coming out fast, the ass of my green Hollister sweats was completely soaked. So were my yellow cotton undies...yellow, hehe. I got piss on my quilt, too, of course, which soaked through to my fitted sheet, and through to the mattress; another stain. The cramp did ease, and only then was I able to regain control and dash for the restroom.

That was a first for me.

*002*2016-10-13 12:20

{{4 hours ago, Thisguy8120 said:

Great story! I'm sure Seth Rollins would be honored lol

}}

Lol, thank you. Unfortunately, I highly doubt "The Man" is a fan of mine...

*004*2016-10-13 13:05

{{14 minutes ago, gobphus said:

Too bad your quilt got wet. Did you have to wash it or just use Febreze? I'm surprised that you don't have a waterproof mattress protector. Still, your having an accident at your age and with all your experience is pretty hot. Good memories for future fapping?

}}

Ummm...I didn't wash my quilt, or spray it, I just left it, since the wet spot ended up being smaller than a pie plate. And, I have to say, this complete accident thing was both hot (because it finally happened) and embarrassing (because of why).

