Leaking into an Always pad

Author: JanelleO

*000*2019-10-02 13:26

Last night after a full day of business meetings I needed to unwind. I found a 10 pack of Always discreet heavy protection bladder pads at a nearby Walgreens and shoved one into my Maidenform boyshorts panties. I tried to deliberately leak as much as I could into the Always pad. Here is the result.

On a side note, I find my Maidenform cotton boyshorts to be so comfortable that I cannot stand wearing men’s briefs or boxer briefs anymore. But darn, try to walk with one of these pads between your legs...I don’t understand how the ladies manage.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2019-10-07 19:40

{{10 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Hehehehe man up bro

}}

Lol yes Rachel

Even though it was only a small pack of 10 or 12 pads to begin with I ended up leaving them behind at the hotel last week because I just had no extra room in my carry on bag.

I decided to hold for a while today and leak into a guys Tena pad. My leaking was more aggressive than usual, probably because I was more desperate. The stupid thing about the shape of Tena pads is near the top they can still be relatively dry, while they practically overflow and run over at the back. I ended up having to finish in the toilet, and I still feel like I could go again. One of these days I want to measure what my bladder capacity is and compare it to the actual capacity of the different Tena pads, if I can find the information online. .

Here in Canada they just don't seem to carry the variety of incontinence pads that is available in the USA.

