Swimming in my pond

Author: Dunney

*000*2017-12-29 04:46

Yesterday was wet. Not the weather; that's today. As usual, I wet steadily through the day, sometimes in my shorts and sometimes I'd slip them off and spray straight on to my legs. Comes the evening, and I decide to binge-watch series 6 of "Game of Thrones." It's taken me a while to get around to it, largely because Series 5 put me off.

I got my bed ready, pond liner top and bottom, then I put a big sheet of plastic over my chair, put a beach towel on that, put drink (non-alcoholic) beside me and turned on the player. I wet myself twice during the program, then when the disc finished, I consulted my bladder and decided I'd prefer to go to bed rather than put on the next disc. As I got nearer the bedroom, the pressure increased as my bladder got excited in anticipation. I dived into bed and let go. After a while, I drifted off to sleep.

At about 2 am I woke up, needing to pee again. Most of it went over my belly, but I sprayed some onto my thighs as well. A tentative stab at masturbation, then off to sleep again. I was far too tired to masturbate properly. The same thing happened 2 or 3 more times, and eventually I surfaced at about 7:30. I needed to pee again, so let it flow, and played with myself for a while.

I think that lying on my back means that my bladder doesn't empty very much, because I pee often when I'm lying in a wet bed in the morning. Small dribbles, as if my bladder is just overflowing and lets out just enough to get below the trigger point. I couldn't resist masturbating, of course, and eventually got out of my pond just before 9 am. Clean-up was just the top sheet and the towel I used to dry off the pond liner. I spent a long time in the shower to try to get the smell out of my body hair. I think it worked. I haven't smelt a whiff for most of the day, though the peeing I've done this afternoon is beginning to make itself known.

I've put a little clip on video links showing me wetting myself this afternoon.

