Early morning snowbibs wetting

Author: Snowpants

*000*2021-01-27 12:36

I woke to not much snow but still enough to have to shovel it. Decided to have some fun while outside by holding my morning piss and seeing how long I could stay dry underneath my snowbibs. Decided to dress for the cold by wearing my boxers, a lined pair of nylon pants, a sweatshirt, my snowbibs and I fleece lined jacket.

Started to clear the snow from my property and realized I had overdressed. It was not as cold as I expected and all the physical activity was making me sweat. I could feel the pressure building in my bladder but I felt I could keep holding. I finished my work and still dry underneath so I ran inside and quickly drank 12oz of cold water. I refilled the container and brought it outside.

Decided to help out my elderly neighbor and shoveled her property. I was about half way through when a large shovel full of snow caused a long sport in my snowbibs and down my right leg. I was able to stop the flow but it felt great. Knowing this was only the first of many I started to get excited for the next. Over the next 15 minutes I had to stop about three more leaks.

Finishing up I downed the lady of my water and headed home. Since I had no more work to do outside I just let go as I arrived at my house and let all that warm piss empty into my snowbibs as I walked up my driveway and into my garage.

What a great way to spend the morning.

*003*2021-01-27 16:34

Not did not. I was layered quite well underneath so that would not occur. It is fun when it does leak through to see if anyone notices and comments.

*006*2021-01-28 11:49

{{2 hours ago, chorlax123 said:

That's one of the benefits of a good pair of nylon insulated snowbibs, it almost never shows unless you absolutely flood them. Even if it soaks through though, people won't think twice because they'll just assume they got wet from the outside

@Snowpants

Perfect choice of layering by the way!

}}

@chorlax123

. Can't agree more about proper layering. Thanks for the layering complement.

{{38 minutes ago, wetskipants said:

That must have felt amazing. What brand are your snowpants?

}}

@wetskipants

. They are Mossi snowmobile bibs. That are perfect for wetting since they are extra insulated and the outer nylon layer is heavier. Both aspects for fast riding in the cold. Does make them too hot for physical activity but the sweating is not a problem for me.

