Male holding, desperation, wetting, and day after effects

Author: docsteve

*000*2021-05-28 01:57

Hi all. I'm mainly a lurker here though have posted in the past but it's been a while. But I had to share the events of the last 24 or so hours. Sorry this is going to be long. I like to give all the details and this is 100% true.

Some background. I'm a 46 yo guy into female holding and desperation who also enjoys my own holding and desperation. I have a bit of intentional wetting experiences in the past but virtually never have the privacy to do it anymore. I have very occasionally peed in my underwear in the shower and managed to hide the evidence until it dried and I could sneak it into the laundry basket undetected, but there's no way I could hide wet pants or socks.

On to the story. I left home a couple of days ago for a 1,000+ mile solo road trip to where I'd be staying alone for the next couple of weeks. I knew that meant I could hold freely (because even that is tough at home) and maybe even play with a little wetting since it would be just me and I'd be able to do my own laundry.

The drive down was relatively uneventful. While car desperation makes a good story, it's not really that fun IRL so I did my best to avoid it, though I did have one minor incident. The first morning around 10:45 I started feeling the urge to pee. I decided I'd stop for lunch at 11:30 before the noon rush. Well of course by 11:15 I really had to go but was determined to wait until 11:30. I started watching the signs to see what was at each exit to find a good place to eat. 11:30 came and went and nothing I wanted showed up. 

My bladder didn't care and by 11:40 I was willing to stop about anywhere. Saw a sign for Popeye's at the next exit and picked that. Got off and found my way there, parked, and got in quickly, heading straight toward where I figured the bathrooms were only to find a big sign blocking the path "Restrooms for employees only". Seriously! I mean I wasn't on the verge of losing it but I did really have to go badly, and you know how it is when your brain thinks you're about to get relief. I spun around and hopped back in the car and saw there was another place at the other end of the lot. Drove over their and made a beeline for the bathroom and got relief.

Anyway, that's not my story lol.

Last night, I decided to enjoy my privacy and do a hold. I had been drinking water all day so was well hydrated. I last peed around 6pm and kept drinking water and it wasn't long before I started feeling it again. By 8pm or so, I was about a 5 getting quick urges that tapered off. By 8:30 I was a 6 with a steady pressure to pee. By 9:15 it was a solid 7. I was trying to do some work around the house but kept having to pause to squirm or squeeze myself for a second. By 9:45 it was an 8 and accomplishing anything other than keeping my pants dry was pretty much out of the question so I alternated between sitting and standing and squirming and dancing and set a goal of 10:30 though i wasn't sure I could make it. By 10:10 I was at a 9 and could not stay still at all, pacing around, holding myself, and planning how to end it.

I decided I was going to wet my pants, but I was wearing black pants which wouldn't show anything - boring. I quickly changed into light gray pants that would show the wetness much better. And trust me, getting changed wasn't so easy. Unbuttoning my pants was great but buttoning the new ones was not.

I knew the only place I could wet would be in the shower so I got everything set up in there. 10:20 I was barely hanging on and stayed close to the bathroom just in case. I got a couple of strong urges and was afraid I'd leak but I didn't. Finally the pressure got to me and right around 10:30 I hopped in and let it go. OMG it felt so good, between relieving the pressure and the warm pee running down my legs wetting my pants and socks (which I hadn't managed to take off in time) it all just felt amazing. I peeled of my wet clothes and took a nice shower.

I'll post part two as a comment.

*001*2021-05-28 02:30

Part two: The day after

After my holding and wetting last night, I guess my bladder wasn't too pleased with me. Multiple times today, I had to pee and it hit me pretty urgently. No pain or anything, just a strong sudden urge that if I didn't go right away there'd be a problem.

I did some work around the house after dinner and decided I'd go out for a walk around 8pm. Knowing how my bladder had been behaving all day, I was more than a bit concerned about leaving the house. There's nowhere to pee where I'd be walking and not even anywhere I could hide in the bushes or anything so I knew I was committing to holding it until I got back if the urge hit (or else getting home with wet pants). Fortunately, I really didn't start feeling the need until I was almost back to the house, so nothing exciting to report there.

Once back home, however, I had no more worries about reaching the bathroom in time so I kept holding, and drinking a bunch more water because I was really hot and had limited my drinking during the walk to avoid a problem. As happened earlier in the day, I was getting increasingly frequent very strong urges, worse than it had been because now I knew my bladder actually was pretty full. A couple of times it almost felt like I might leak, which is something that never happens to me so I knew it was just a feeling, not an actual risk - or so I thought.

One bad urge hit and as I squeezed myself, it suddenly felt wet (I was wearing running shorts which are very thin). Wait a sec. What was that? I was pretty sweaty. Did I just touch a damp part? I untied the drawstring and pulled the shorts away from my waist and sure enough there was a wet spot. I was still doubting what it was. I actually stood there in the middle of the room and took off my shorts so I could inspect them more closely. Yep, that was not sweat. It was pee! I had actually leaked! OMG.

I put them back on and continued to do stuff online as the urges pass as quickly as they come on, but they kept coming more and more often. I didn't leak again as far as I could tell, but I figured I'd better get things ready for the shower because I wasn't going to last too much longer. And then my phone rang. It was some guy who I needed to talk to about some work we needed done. I still didn't feel any steady desperation, just the off and on urges, so I spoke to him for about 10 minutes, enduring a couple of urges during that time (still no more leaks) but by the time we were finishing talking, I knew the end was near.

I rushed around to get my towel and stuff for the shower, almost leaking in the process. I was NOT planning to wet my pants again tonight but my bladder clearly had other plans. Fortunately it happened in the bathroom but I suddenly got the strongest urge yet and could tell I wasn't going to make it through this one dry. I jumped into the shower and immediately started peeing in my running shorts. Last night I peed in long pants which sucked up most of the pee but in thin skimpy shorts, this time I felt it all running down my legs, and again I hadn't had time to take off my socks. This time was truly not a planned wetting. I can't remember the last time something like that happened to me. Not sure if it ever did. But it definitely felt amazing.

I'm going to be here for a couple of weeks so who knows what other fun/trouble I'll get into. Hope you enjoyed the story.

*003*2021-05-28 11:36

{{5 hours ago, Tellnoone said:

Nice story! Hope you"ll have more fun (and trouble).

}}

I’m sure I will but I’ll probably give myself a break today after last night’s adventure (although the thought that my leaking could really have happened while out walking is rather hot).

