Soaking my underwear (video)

Author: Ethi

*000*2022-03-25 18:03

Well after much debate on this video I finally decided to post my first video for you guys, it felt AMAZING it was a solid 50 second long piss right into my boxers loudly hissing the entire time except.. I cut it down because I moaned a little and didn't like how it sounded, I'm not confident in my body either. But here it is! Trying to bring new male omo content on here that hope people will enjoy. Maybe I'll start selling it eventually if you guys want this but that will be a little while from now when I can make videos more frequently! Hope you enjoy.. I will be posting another video soon enough! Feel free to chat with me! I love talking to all of you ^^

20220322_113716.mp4

*003*2022-03-25 19:44

{{54 minutes ago, Snowpants said:

@Ethi

Fantastic first video post.

}}

Thank you so much

{{1 hour ago, Thinwetboy said:

Very nice! It would’ve been better in some white briefs but blue boxer briefs are just as cute. Naughty boy you are!

}}

{{1 hour ago, Thinwetboy said:

Very nice! It would’ve been better in some white briefs but blue boxer briefs are just as cute. Naughty boy you are!

}}

Unfortunately I don't have white but I am thinking of buying a pair and maybe I'll go in a white pair for my birthday video

*006*2022-03-25 22:20

{{1 hour ago, Stinky Pikachu said:

Video wont work for me

}}

{{1 hour ago, Stinky Pikachu said:

Video wont work for me

}}

Awe I'm sorry you could dm me and I'll try to give it to you there

{{57 minutes ago, WetDave said:

Very nice indeed, super hot!

Those blue briefs are perfect for wetting.

I don’t know why you’re not confident in your body, what I can see you look in good shape.

I should add that your video gave a straight guy an erection that wouldn’t go away.

}}

Hehe I'm glad that you liked it so much because I have a wonderful time looking at the reactions of people

I'm not confident in my body just because my metabolism is so fast and it has been my entire life so I'm very thin.

*008*2022-03-26 03:30

{{6 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Great first vid! Very sexy! Although I would love to see the version with the moaning

}}

I unfortunately deleted the rest with the moaning.. I absolutely hated it but the next video I post I plan on being longer, maybe with white boxers and then the whole clip!

*011*2022-03-26 14:24

{{8 hours ago, •Janina• said:

I would love to touch you

}}

Please do ^^

{{2 hours ago, Pantywetter77 said:

Very nice indeed, and what I can see, your body looks great

}}

Thank you you're too kind

*014*2022-03-26 16:05

{{42 minutes ago, Psicopatic said:

Fantastic video

}}

Thank you

*018*2022-04-01 03:42

{{5 hours ago, wannagetwet said:

So hot I bet that felt amazing!!

}}

I felt soooo good

{{4 hours ago, talks2much said:

Very sexy clip, thanks for posting

}}

You're welcome and thank youuu

