My first story post - hold and wetting on a car trip

Author: Sirwetsalot

*000*2021-12-02 00:26

Hello all. I have been lurking on this site for probably 10 years I guess. Not even really sure the first time I found it. I am a 40 year old male and have been into omorashi, holding, and bedwetting since I was a kid. I will follow up with other experiences in other posts (there are sooooo many). Now on to today's fun...

(I'll warn you now, this is really long)

My parents were visiting my house last weekend for the Thanksgiving holiday (in the US) and they had forgotten a couple of things when they left on Sunday. We agreed to meet today halfway between our homes for brunch and to exchange the items. I thought this would be a perfect opportunity to have a hold. So, before I left, I drank 2 cups of coffee and a bottle of water. I also grabbed a can of soda and two more bottles of water for the trip.

My parents live about 2.5 hours away, so my drive each way was going to be over an hour. The drive there was uneventful, and along the way I made sure to fully drink the can of Diet Coke and one of the two bottles of water. I arrived at my destination, a common chain restaurant in our area that specializes in breakfast, around noon. Upon my arrival my desperation was already at probably a 5 out of 10. I decided I would not pee at the restaurant and would instead attempt to make it through the meal and the entire drive home before I relieved myself.

I saw my parents at a table as I walked in, so I headed over and sat down. I decided to have breakfast food so I ordered coffee and also a water. The meal was fine, and we chatted a bit afterward. After about an hour, I had consumed 3 more (small) mugs of coffee and one cup of water. I really started to notice the pressure in my bladder as the hour passed. After the bill was paid, we got up to leave and I suddenly became fully aware of my desperation. At this point we walked out, exchanged items, said goodbye, and got in our vehicles. I would say I was at least at an 8/10 by this time.

Now, it was time for me to make the hour long drive home while already feeling quite in need of a pee. I drank the other bottle of water in the first 30 minutes or so of the trip. When I was about 30 minutes out I could feel my bladder absolutely bulging out over the top of my jeans. I was filled with an incredible amount of pee and was going to have a very difficult time making it the remainder of the time without wetting my pants and my car seat. My car is only about 3 years old so I really did not want to soak the car seat will my urine. At the bottom is a pic of my bladder bulge.

With about 20 minutes remaining in the trip I really began to hold myself. I started to get pretty shaky and was having some trouble thinking of anything other than how much I wanted to release my pee all over the place. Of course my desire to indulge in omo outweighed my sense of good judgement, so I decided to stop at a McDonald's for another soda. I included a video of how shaky and desperate I was when I paid at the drive thru window.

As I quickly drank the Diet Coke, I realized I may actually not be able to make it home without wetting myself. I began to squeeze the end of my penis with my thumb and finger to prevent any hot yellow liquid from escaping into my pants and, god forbid, into my car seat. A bit further down the road I could feel the warmth about to seep out of my peehole. I included a short video of the moment I first lost some of the pee into my pants. (There were no cars around and I am able to just double click the power button on the phone to get the camera, incase you were worried about a lack of driving safety).

I still had about 15 minutes remaining until I reached my house. The bit of relief I got from the first leak allowed me to get about 5 minutes further before I began leaking some more. I squeezed myself as tight as I could to try and retain my urine. I included another clip where you can see me squeezing the head of my cock through my pants as the pee soaks the denim. At this point I was certain I would not make it and proceeded to seek out a turnoff where I could get out to relieve the pressure. Knowing I was probably going to start peeing as I stood up, I quickly slipped off my shoes and socks so I wouldn't soak them.

I turned onto a road near some warehouse type buildings which was at least a little bit away from any witnesses. As I shifted the car into park, I could feel the massive amount of urine inside me starting to burst forth into my pants. I quickly hopped out of the car as I was peeing, and started the video at the same time. I peed for about 2 straight minutes standing next to the car with the door open to help block the view. A torrent of piss absolutely poured into my boxer briefs and jeans as I stood not being able to move. 

The pleasure was almost like an orgasm. Nearby was the road I had turned from and there were many cars passing by. I think I was far enough away, and the ground was wet enough, that no one knew exactly what was happening as I fully emptied my exhausted bladder into my jeans. One thing you will notice in the video is that it was pretty chilly here, so my pissy pants are steaming away in the cool air. I wonder if anyone saw me steaming there next to my car and wondered just what the fuck was going on.

I am uploading the video of the full wetting into the files section but it is too large to actually put as an attachment. As I am new to posting here, I will try to figure out how to add it on an edit.

Once I had finally finished emptying all of my golden liquid into my pants, I had to quickly figure out how to get home without soaking my car seat. I had a plastic bag in the car and my jacket, but nothing else that might help. So, I put down the bag and slid into the car while keeping my butt propped up off the seat. I slid my jeans down to reveal my boxer briefs and pulled my jeans down to my ankles. This way they would not accidentally soak the front part of the seat that I could not cover with the bag. I then put my jacket over my lap so no one would be able to tell I was driving home with my piss soaked underwear exposed.

I only needed to make it another 5 minutes, so I drove home barefoot with my jeans around my ankles like that (lol). When I pulled into my driveway, I opened my garage door so I could quickly disappear inside without any neighbors seeing that I had peed myself. Once inside, I made a final video because I already needed to pee again. I took off my jeans and peed quite a bit more into my green boxer briefs and all over the kitchen floor. After, I cleaned up and decided to come on here and write this up. I have actually not even yet had a play with myself to enjoy my naughtiness. I think now its time to view some of the other material on here and have a little fun. Thanks for reading and hope you enjoyed this very long post!

(boxer brief pee will also be added to file downloads)

$$

20211201_160110_1.mp4

20211201_161641_1.mp4

20211201_154239_1_1.mp4

