My FIRST Accident!

Author: RidikulusRaven

*000*2017-04-14 14:58

Hey guys!

Many of you who know me here know that I basically have a bladder made of iron, and that losing legitimate control over my muscles is nearly impossible for me.

Well, that all changed yesterday!

I had actually planned on beginning my hold the night before, by taking my usual bedtime pee, then holding once I woke up. That actually didn't pan out, because I apparently had too much caffeine. I wound up going to the bathroom 2 hours after going to sleep, then another 2 hours after that. I did finally manage to stay asleep until 7 AM after that last break, though. When I woke up, my desperation level was around a 5 out of 10. I wasn't in any real danger. I went about my morning as usual (aside from a typical morning pee). I went and got a 32 oz Dr. Pepper and drank a little over 1/3 of it within about 15 minutes or so. From that point on, I sipped on my soda while also having 8 oz of water about every half hour.

By 11 AM, I was noticeably fidgety, but not yet to the point of feeling like I needed to hold myself. I was having regular spasms in my bladder, and if I'd sneezed at that point, I definitely would've leaked (if not lost everything). I'd put it at about a 7/10. Bear in mind that this is was going a lot faster than I'm used to. I know a lot of people are used to reaching this point within an hour or two, but this was the fastest I've gotten this desperate that I can ever remember. Anyway, from there, it seemed like everything I'd been drinking was going straight to my bladder. Oddly enough, around 1 PM, it seemed like I reached a plateau of sorts. My level of desperation had stalled at an 8/10. I was understandably saddened by this, because I was starting to think I'd be able to hold a lot longer.

Fortunately for me, my desperation spiked to somewhere around a 9.8 within the next 30 minutes. At 1:29 PM, I raced upstairs to my shower so I wouldn't pee all over the couch or carpet. I did a pee dance in the shower, bending and bouncing and clenching my muscles while intermittently holding myself. It was maybe 2 minutes before I was leaking drops involuntarily. I clamped down on my muscles more, but it seemed that the tighter I tried to squeeze my muscles, the more I would pee. I started losing a steady trickle that I was only able to stop for a couple of seconds at a time. Maybe 4 minutes after I'd gone upstairs, I was losing spurts every few seconds. 

At first, my pee was confined to my underwear, but after the 3rd or 4th spurt, I had a noticeable wet spot on my crotch. I lost another 3 or 4 spurts in rapid succession, barely managing to clamp down on my muscles before I lost control again. And then my bladder gave out completely on me. I didn't consciously allow it to happen; it just did. I was vigorously peeing my pants, and it must have lasted a good 60 seconds, full force. When I was done, my jeans were soaked from inside seam to outside seam on the front, from just below my zipper all the way to my cuffs. It was such an exhilarating experience for me, but it was more relaxing than anything else.

Anyway, just thought I'd share my success with you guys. :)

*004*2017-04-15 02:45

@The Dark Wolf

, have you never peed your pants, then? 0.0

*008*2017-04-15 08:45

{{52 minutes ago, Dunney said:

I'm puzzled as to how someone can have an interest in wetting but be unwilling to try it IRL. I don't want to be rude; I'm just curious.

Yes, Dark Wolf, I think you are missing out on something really good. Still, as you rightly say, we all have different types of interest in this fetish. Just look at the polarised views on messing.

}}

Exactly. I'm not being critical by any means, but it can be a great experience.

*015*2017-04-17 12:40

{{8 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I hope no one here who likes wetting themselves gets offended by those of us who prefer to see other people do it.

}}

I hope you don't take all the comments offensively. It kind of seems like people are trying to pressure you into doing this, and that's not okay. It's essentially passive-aggressive bullying. So, @The Dark Wolf

, if you don't want to wet yourself because you don't enjoy it, then don't. I personally won't judge you for it, nor do I think anyone else here should. I mean, really. What kind of people are we to judge someone else that does or doesn't like to pee their pants? We're doing it! Anyway. Just my two cents.

