Peed in my jeans while raking leaves

Author: Can'tFoolOwls

*000*2021-12-10 17:26

Well it's that time of year again where my neighbours trees conspire to make a mess of my back yard. We had windstorms the other weekend and the trees are finally mostly bare, so I figured now would be a good time to clear the leaves up without having to do it again the next weekend. I'd been thirsty earlier so had drank a couple of glasses of water before I went out, and was sipping from a bottle of cola the entire time I was working. Both of my neighbours have massive chestnut trees which drop huge amounts of leaves, so I was out there for a good while.

About an hour into the job I was getting to the point where I really needed to pee, but didn't really want to deal with taking my muddy shoes of to go inside only to have to put them on again after. So I held it for a bit but soon was getting very desperate. My yard is visible from the neighbours houses so I didn't want to whip it out to piss, but by this point it was starting to go dark and I was wearing black jeans so figured I could get away with a wetting.

It took a while to get up the courage to let it out, but eventually while I was working in a secluded area near the house I was finally able to get a trickle going. Rapidly I felt the sudden warmth flood the crotch of my boxer briefs, a welcome contrast against the cold weather. Once I got started I was able to relax properly and was soon gushing down my legs, little wisps of steam rising from my newly wet jeans. I finished peeing and continued with the yard work, but within 15 minutes I started to feel the need to go again. As I was already wet I figured I might as well just do it, so this time I stood behind the bins and casually warmed my legs while taking a few sips from my pepsi.

After finishing up with the leaves I quickly put the tools away in the garage before the neighbours could spot me, then headed inside to take some pictures. As I don't have to go anywhere the rest of the night, I think I'm going to keep these clothes on and rewet them as much as I need. Right now as I write this I'm still wearing them but I'm pretty desperate to pee again. I'm struggling to hold until I finish writing, but afterwards I think I'm going to go flood them on the toilet. Maybe I'll take a video...

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-12-10 21:53

Well I didn't manage to hold long enough to get a video. I was squirting on my way to the bathroom, and by the time I got the camera going I was already peeing.

However I did manage to capture another video peeing in the same jeans again a while later. By my count I've peed them 5 times now. My boxer briefs are so wet that my dick feels like its swimming.

Let's see if I can get that count any higher.

Peeing my already wet jeans

