Desperate Lifeguard

Author: value-elephant

*000*2017-03-22 05:08

When I was in high school I had a fantastic summer job working as a life guard. I was the youngest there for most the time I worked there. This story takes place when I was 17 and all the other guards were at least 19, most of them in their early 20s. My best friend at the pool was this new guard named Ashlyn, I believe she was 19 at the time. This was her first year and my second. Since I'm a returning guard I had to work the late shift so I could manage the closing tasks. This is when we really got to know each other since there are only a few guards who stay til close. Ashlyn was one of the funniest girls I knew. She was so easy to talk to even when I first met her and she didn't seem afraid of anything.

At least once a day the bulk of the staff(always the 1st and 2nd years) had to go and clean. Our head guard always planned a pool cleaning when the district manager came for his daily visit since he would always get mad when all of us were in the office. Most the day we don't have anything to do so we just hang around the office when we aren't cleaning or up on stand. So one day we were all in the shallow end scrubbing the tiles when Ashlyn says "I really really need to pee". I asked "Why don't you go inside real fast?" She responds

"cause I don't want to go inside when Bill is here, there's already a lot of people in there." Since she's new she really doesn't want to do anything wrong so she stayed in the pool. A few minutes later she stops scrubbing and and looks at me. I ask her what's wrong. She says "I'm just gonna pee the pool" and laughs. I didn't really know what to say I was just trying to stay calm when I laughed and said "at least don't do it by me!" Then I see her put her hands on the deck takes a deep breath and let's out a sigh. I'm only about a foot or two away and I feel the water get warm. I ask her while laughing "are you peeing??" She responds "yeah! Oh gosh that feels so good." At this point I was in heaven. I just saw my good friend, who looks fantastic in her red two piece, pee the pool and like it.

I say "it feels good?" As Ashlyn says "yes! When you have to piss that badly it always feels good to finally go, not to mention how warm it is now" she says jokingly since how cold the water was. This was my first experience with Ashlyn peeing. Once I was rotating her off stand when she told me "hurry up I'm about to pee the chair!" When she fast walks away awkwardly. There were a couple times when I saw her walking off stand quickly and going straight to the bathroom which led me to believe she has a small bladder. She also carried around a massive water bottle she was constantly sipping on.

The best experience I've had with her was on one of our busiest days of the summer. We had a few day care groups come to swim which required us to move from 3 stands to 5. This means each guard had to be up for over an hour. I was right behind her on rotation and I rotated her as usual for the first rotation which moved her to the second stand. I didn't think much of it but I saw she kept crossing her legs(she wasn't on stand since she was above tons of little kids on the wall). When I went to rotate her to the third stand she said "god I have to pee so bad "when I sarcastically say "only 45 minutes!" She rolls her eyes and says "I'll try to hold on."

When I meet her at the next stand I ask her how she's holding on. She responds "Not good. I thought this kid was drowning and I literally almost peed my pants." (The girls have these short red cotton shorts they wore over their swim suits) She hasn't had her first save yet so understandingly she's a little nervous for the first time she'll have to hop in. I laughed as my heart rate doubled from excitement. On stand I occasionally glanced over at her to see her sitting on stand either bouncing her legs up and down or crossing her legs

Whatever she was doing she couldn't stay still. When I finally went to rotate her to her finale 15 minutes she quickly got off stand only to crouch down on her knees and shoot back up and say "oh fuck I'm gonna piss my pants." I tell her to hold on and that she only has one more rotation for her to say "I literally can't hold it any longer" and walk away. At this point my mind is going crazy. I sit on stand trying to stay focused wondering if she's going have an accident on stand. Luckily I was over the lap lanes so it didn't require intense coverage. I couldn't imagine anyway of her making it the 15 minutes and making it to the bathroom in time. I look over and to no surprised she is dancing in her chair. She kept looking over to the clock seeing when her time is up. The 15 minutes when by in a flash to me as I waited to go rotate her. I get over there to see her crossing her legs in the chair leaning over. I asked her "Are you alright?"

"No, I don't think I can stand up. I'm gonna piss my pants." I didn't know what to say so I just ask her "oh, do you need help?" She laughs and said "no, I'm coming down" she stand up and groans as she hurried down the steps only to cross her legs and lean down. She has one hand in between her legs as she quietly said "I'm peeing my pants." Her pee splattered on the deck and ran down her legs. Her shorts instantly got soaked as she removed her hand from her crotch with a puddle of pee in it. She uncrossed her legs and stood up continuing to pee. Her face was all red and she was just looking straight down at her glisten legs. Her mouth hung open until she was finished and then she lifted one foot and shook her leg. I remember she put both hands on her thighs and leaned over as she took a deep breath. She stood up and put her hands on her hips and looked at me with huge relief.

Ashlyn quickly looked all around and pulled down her shorts and kicked them aside. The crotch of her red bikini bottoms were soaked, I was trying not to stare. Thankfully for me we were on the dive stand and no kids were over there so she had my full attention and some discretion from the rest of the pool. (since these were day care groups their chaperones didn't let them go on the diving boards). "I can't believe I just did that" and she hoped in the pool to clean her legs off. "Was anybody watching?" I replied "No don't worry nobody was paying attention."(I really had no idea but didn't want her worrying) she put her pants in the pool and splashed up some water to take care of her puddle. "I'm sorry I just did that I just couldn't hold it anymore..."

"Don't worry about it I couldn't care less"

She said "well good, just don't tell anybody okay?"

"I won't I promise"

She went inside and we never really talked about it although she's not shy about peeing the pool around me, that's happened quite a bit. I did hear from one of the guards who subbed at a different pool that one girl left work really upset after she peed her self on stand. I guess a guard when to rotate her and she was crying sitting in a puddle on the guard stand. Those were the only times I know of lifeguards peeing on stands and Ashlyn's was one of the best wettings I've ever seen. If anybody else knows any similar stories I'd love to hear them.

*005*2017-03-22 21:36

Thanks everybody for the feedback it was definitely quite the experience. And I wouldn't be surprised if accidents on stand were most common than we think since they aren't allowed to just get of stand whenever.

