Stalker RP-W

Author: Jaylah

*000*2016-12-04 04:09

Today has been a good start. Hubbies cousin is out for the entire day, he's checking out the Saskatoon area, and I'm all by myself! Yay! I decided to wear my red g-string thong, red push up bra, red shirt with a black belt around it, black skirt to my knees, and white pantyhose. I have my hair in a giant braid, I was good to go. Today I'm just gonna be lazy :} and started to brew my 4th cup of decaf coffee.

I heard a knock on my door shortly after, and the voice saying "room service"

Room service? I wondered, and that voice, nah! I'm like over 1000km away. So I got up to tell the bell hop that he must of gotten the wrong door. I opened the door.

"Oh my.." I started to say, it was Mr. Warden, I don't know how he found me, or knew where to find me, I'm in trouble! Before I could run he gagged my mouth and blind folded me, pushing me onto the floor.

"Mmff!!" I cried.

I felt him man handle me forcing me up. He moved me to what in guessing is the bar stool that was in the room. He moved my hands behind the back of it then I felt him tie me up. He tied my feet to the base of the stool, but loose enough to spread my knees to his desire. He bounced me up enough to hike my skirt up enough to give him control.

"Mmff" I pleaded trying to struggle to get undone.

"Well well , you look nice today" he said cocky :(

He began to spread my knees but I fought to keep them closed.

"I just wanted to take a peak" he said lifting the front of my skirt up, revealing my red gstring.

I let out a muffle scream, I could feel his warm hand touch my inner thighs, dangerously close to private area. I wiggled and struggled but it was no use.

"I'll un gag you if keep quiet" he offered.

I nodded my head and was ungagged.

"What do you want with me??" I cried.

(Those coffees were going thru me, my bladder was hating life right about now)

"To make you wet, and to have my way in you" he said coldly.

He pressed his hand into my crotch and rubbed. I gasped out of reflex.

"Pls don't" I pouted.

"Will you be a good girl and swallow what comes your way?" He asked. I could feel his manhood rubbing up and down my leg.

I gasped and tried to catch my breath "and if I refuse?" I asked. Sitting there helpless.

"I could make you sit on me, no guarantee of where it'll go" he threatened. Eek lol,

"Okay okay" I caved and I guess he had a chair near by and stood on it. I could feel him thicken hard in my mouth, and he guided my head slow. I could feel him get close then he pulled out and started to un do my belt.

"Hey!" I begged, he ignored me.

I hate wrap shirts, he pulled open my shirt exposing my breasts to him. My breathing became heavier. Still blindfolded I couldn't see what he was planning, he's being cruel! I felt his warm mouth on my chest, I couldn't help myself I moaned. His finger began to poke my private region. Great, not even my pantyhose gives me any protection. He was making it hard to ignore my bladder, if I didn't get free now, I'm gonna burst and pee everywhere!!

"Please!!" I cried out.

"I..I need to go!!" I tried to reason.

"N. No" I groaned as he began to rub my thighs between my legs. It was hard enough to hold as it was, this was cruel!!

I felt the pee slowly seep out, still grasping to hold it. My legs were trembling and shaking, I couldn't close my knees or cross my legs, I've never been so helpless!! I felt more leak out but it only added to the torment. I cried lol.

".Let me go.."

He gagged me again!! Mmff lol

He tourchered me!! My nipples were so hard it hurt! And he would rub his hands around them teasing me.

The pain and pressure was to great, I lost my breath and sanity. I managed to take a deep breath and exhaled. Pee erupted out of me like a mentos in diet coke, I moaned out and pee gushed out everywhere!! My legs had steaks of pee and the back of my skirt was drenched. It slowed down abit but more pushed out greater then the initial burst. It made me orgasm lol. I'm so embarassed, the stool was soaking wet dripping over what I hope to be towels. I pushed the last of it out.

I let out a fake sob,

"My, a little wet are we?" He teased as he undid my ties. I fell in his arms trying to get away. His one hand grabbed my ass and one of his fingers reached my clit and he rubbed.

"Mmfmm" I moaned lol, causing the front if my skirt to dampen. He kept his hand firm, he was very aggressive and close himself. I could feel him raise my back end and he removed my pantyhose and thong. He began banging me doggy style , I didn't know he could reach this way, he was ruthless and kept going. I climaxed really hard. I felt him as well but I passed out lol, sex coma ^^' I was out for an hour, I was hurtin, limpin, but what a rush ^^'

*002*2016-12-08 17:39

If I wanted to write fiction I'd write fiction. But I don't write fiction, just my experiences, if my experiences offends you, don't read them, if I offend ppl or it's to much, I'll remove them all, that's fine. I try to express and contribute. I'll stop.

*004*2016-12-09 03:05

If I didn't consent why would I partake? My hubby is crazy about it and role play makes it more exciting ^^' I use marshmallow as a safe word. I haven't posted our failed attempts lol.

He likes bondage I like rough, he likes wetting, I like domination lol, it works. We are exploring our interests :) gotta keep the sex life good, after 10 years of marriage, can't get dull now ^^

