Preliminary omorashi leading to marriage (part 1)

Author: scinosensation

*000*2020-10-19 04:48

I moved to New York City to a new job. My new boss had invited me to stay with her, her husband, and 6 year old daughter. I did notice that the 6 year old wet her pants often and seemed to think nothing of it but objected when her father ridiculed her. Fo me the big thing was when my boss, her husband and I went to a big concert in Central Park. The concert ended and we started the was back. We were just at the edge of the park. 

My boss said to her husband and me that “I pissed my pants” indeed her light colored pants showed her wet butt, wet crotch and wet streaks dow her legs. We got home and the baby sitter told us her daughter had fallen asleep and wet herself on the couch I slept on. The couch was rearranged so I had a dry place to sleep. On Monday we went to work and one assistant asked how my boss liked the concert. She said she really liked it and she had wet her pants. Seeing her with wet pants then hearing her brag about it were very serious triggers fo me but I was in a new job in a new place.

I had been there about a month when a young woman came to me to show a thing she had done using a technique of which I was one of three coinventers. Somehow we had dinner together and she invited me to her place. I stayed the night and for the first time in my life had sex without the anxiety that had always hampered me. A few days later I moved into her place. All my stuff was at my parents place 1000 miles away. I flew there, loaded up the small car I had left there and drove all day. I was on the west side of New Jersey and stopped at a rest stop. I got out and had to go very very badly. I felt a release and did all I could to stop it. I did and I had a wet patch in my undies that did not show. I released what I hoped was enough pressure to get to New York. 

A few miles later I filled up with gas and bought a drink. I had hatched a plan. I got to to the George Washington Bridge where several lanes merged into 2. The guys next to me made it clear they were going ahead of me. My bladder made itself known and Cain was seriously afraid I was going pee in my pants right there. Somehow I kept control. I missed the right turnoff but got one that kept me in Manhattan. I managed to get to my block and somehow found a place to park. My plan was to get all my stuff into the apartment and with the last load get it into the apartment and have an “accident”. However she had prepared a spectacular meal and I chickened out. In retrospect I wished I had not chickened out.

A week or so later she took me to an off-off-off Broadway show. It was an hour each way by subway. The subway stop was 5 blocks from our apartment. When we got back about 4 hours later instead of going to the apartment she walked 4 blocks out of our way to her favorite ice cream store where we sat for 20-30 minutes eating ice cream. Then we walked toward our apartment. We stopped at one of the street sided stores. She wandered around a while. I saw the infant/toddler supplies including the plastic panties and toddler diapers. I also saw the beer including a brand I had never seen before but she knew. She eventually picked up some small cans of a dish I didn’t know about but was certain I would like. Finally we left and walked to our apartment building. We took the elevator to the 12th floor with stops.

I noticed nothing about her. We got to our apartment and Ingot out the key when she said “hurry” I fumbled with the keys and dropped them. She said ”HURRY” I got the door unlocked and dashed into the bathroom. The toilet flushed then the sink ran for several minutes and she finally came out. I went in and peed and came back out. She had opened one of the cans and I did indeed like it as much as I expected. We got ready for bed. Once in bed Imtalked to her about her apparent sudden need for the bathroom. I asked her if she knew when we got off the subway. She said of course she did. I asked we didn’t go straight to the apartment then go to those places. She said we were already out and she wanted to do those things, and didn’t I like what she had bought.

I said I certainly did. I asked her how long she had to go as bad as she did when we got to our apartment. She said before we checked out at the store. I then asked her the critical question: she was wearing a skirt so if she had to go so bad why didn’t she just wet her pants as we walked home. Her answer was very striking to me: she said she was afraid of what I would think of her. Nothing about people didn’t wet their pants, she was too old to wet her pants, etc. only what would I think of her. I told her that before her more of my girlfriends had wet their pants than girlfriends who had not. I told her that I did whatever they wanted as I comforted them and had she wet her pants I would have the same with her. I was convinced that she had wet her pants because of how long she was in the bathroom and she had changed panties while I was in the bathroom. She was adamant that she had not.

The next weekend we drove out of the city to visit friends of hers. We were there several hours and I had a few beers then switched to soft drinks. A couple hours later we got ready to leave. My bladder seemed not at all full so I just pretended to use the toilet. We started the drive back and my bladder started to fill. We had driven over an hour when I asked how soon we would be home. She said about 20 minutes. 45 minutes later we were about 5 blocks from our apartment. My bladder was sending pressure waves. I told I was afraid I might not make it home in time. She asked in time for what. I told I was afraid I would not not get home to go to the bathroom in time. 

She said we would be home very soon. We came to a stop sign I pushed the brake pedal. As I pushed the pedal I felt an orgasmic release and warmth spread at my crotch and between my legs to my butt. The light turned green and I drove on. I told her I was not going to get home in time. She said try to hold on. I told her it was too late; I had gone in my pants at the stop light. She was very sympathetic but still told me to try to hold on. We found a place to park.I got out and as I stood up I felt an orgasmic release, squatted, and made no effort to control it. I made a large puddle in the street and my crotch, butt and down my legs were soaked. I got into the apartment building and to our apartment without being seen by anyone.

While she was in the bathroom I took off my wet pants and undies. I took a quick shower and we went to bed wearing undies as usual. We talked about it as I was very interested in how she felt about me since I did wet my pants. She said it was an accident and I couldn’t help it. I asked if she had ever wet her pants after she started school. She said she had never wet her pants that she could remember. We talked more and finally went to sleep. A while later I awoke with a very full bladder. I was on my back. I stayed in bed. I felt increasingly strong pressure waves and suddenly an orgasmic release as warmth spread at my crotch around my undies and between my legs to my butt. I jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom were I stumbled and fell and just sat thresher as the puddle grew.

She got out of bed and came to me. I told her I wet my pants in bed but the bed seemed dry and now like a little kid not quite potty trained I wet my pants before I could get to the bathroom. I got up and she got clean undies for me. I cleaned up the floor and went into the bathroom to clean up. We were so tired we went back to sleep. In the morning she woke up just before I did. She was in the bathroom for a while and took a shower. My bladder was full. I got out of bed and waited for her to finish. She turn red off the shower and I felt a very strong pressure wave. I made no effort to control so I soon felt warmth spreading at my crotch spreading to my butt and down my legs. I did nothing to alert her. She finally came out and saw that I had an “accident” waiting for her.

She asked why I didn’t say anything. I told her I almost wet my pants in bed and it was too late anyway so it seemed there was no point in bothering her. I cleaned up my puddle and took a shower and got dressed for the day. We talked about how I was afraid of what she thought of me because I seemed like I wasn’t very well potty trained because I had wet my pants 3 times and had not made it to the bathroom in time since we left her friends. I told her that this was not the first time Inhad wet my pants; that often if I waited too long for whatever reason I would wet my pant, and if I waited too long and wet my pants I often didn’t make it to the bathroom in time the next time or two. She said they were accidents and I didn’t need to worry about what she thought. She showed me the laundry and we washed all my wet pants and undies and all other laundry. The rest of the weekend was uneventful. I at least started convincing her that I didn’t have the best bladder control.

The next weekend there was a party in our apartment building we went to. I drank about beers. I did not use the bathroom in that apartment. When Th party broke up my bladder was very full and I did all I could to hold it without letting on that I was was very desperate. We left and got on the elevator to go down the 10 floors to our apartment. There were other people with us. We got off at our floor and as soon as the elevator door closed I felt an orgasmic release and warmth at my crotch that’s quickly grew to a spreading wet area around my crotch to my butt and down my legs. I said that felt so good. 

She said we needed to get to our apartment before anyone saw us. We got into our apartment and I emptied my bladder in my pants. I told her I was drunk and didn’t really know I had to go until I went in my pants. I told her I liked the feeling of wetting my pants when I waited too,long. She seemed not to hearI me. Like the week before I woke up with a full,bladder and waited in bed until I felt the orgasmic release and the warmth spreading to my butt. I woke her up and told her I needed help getting to the bathroom. She said what?// I told her I woke up and I wet my pants in bed and had to go badly. She did help,me get up and I made a trail on the way to the bathroom. I sat on the toilet and she changed the bed sheets. She put a towel or 2 under my part of the bed.

Finally we went back to bed and slept through the night. In the morning she woke up first (or so she thought). My bladder was full. When she got out of bed I waited until she started the shower. I got out of bed and went to the bathroom door sat down and waited. I soon felt a strong pressure wave followed by an orgasmic release and warmth at my crotch spreading to my butt and I just emptied my bladder on the floor. She finally came out and saw me. I told her Inwas so embarrassed but I couldn’t wait. I cleaned up the puddle, showered and got dressed fo the the day. We made breakfast including orange juice. Then she wanted to go grocery shopping. She insisted I go to the bathroom first. In Th bathroom Infilled a glass with water and poured it into the toilet and flushed.

We went to the grocery store about 4 blocks away. We were shopping for about half an hour and finally checked out. I carried two bags and she had one. We walked home. I said nothing about my very full bladder. We were a block from our apartment building when I felt a very strong pressure wave in my bladder. I didn’t say anything. The pressure did not relax. As we waited to cross the street I felt an orgasmic release and quickly warmth spreading at n\m crotch to my butt and down my legs. I didn’tr say anything and she seemed to not notice. We got to,our apartment building and as we stopped to open the doors aim felt another pressure wave and orgasmic released as more warmth spread around my crotch, butte, and down my legs. She seemed to not notice.

We got on the elevator and to our apartment where as I,opened the door and again felt a bladder pressure and orgasmic release and warmth spreading. We got inside and put the groceries down . Only then did she notice anything. She asked me what happened. I told her I wet my pants. She said she could see that. I told I couldn’t wait. She asked when it happened. I told her on the way home from the grocery store. She asked when. I told her I went in my pants when we had to wait to cross the street. She asked why I didn’t say something. I’asked what was there to say. I told her I was sorry it happened but II couldn’t ,help it. I told her my bladder was suddenly vary painful and when I couldn’t wait any longer it felt so good as I wet my pants. I told her it always it felt so good when I didn’t get to a bathroom in time. She did not respond to that comment but she was sympathetic as she told me to go clean up. I stayed dry the rest of the weekend.

So each of the two weeks after her “close call” I had wet my pants several times and she seemed genuinely sympathetic and not all put off by it.

I’ve gone on long enough so more in part 2.

