An Adult Male Accident!

Author: kevy19

*000*2017-06-06 11:14

I have been in to pee since I was 4 and allowed and told by my mum to just wee in my speedo swim trunk on the beach. Then in my teens had fun wetting a tracksuit in the bath or if I was on my own in the garden which was fun and by this time had great sexual connotations for me! But this was all on my terms me planning and doing this in my own privacy.

I had never had a genuine wetting accident in public in my life as an adult! And that's a different matter altogether from the above, as an adult man to wet ones pants is a deeply embarrassing nitemare. Well I had kept my pants dry until I was 25! 1983 was the year! To tell you more well OK, now it was a bitter cold early December Friday night! I felt on top of the world I was taking my new girl to my firms annual Christmas bash I had a very smart light grey Italian style 3 piece suit on this was the first time I had worn this it was not cheap and was so early 80's My new girl Emma, Em's for short was a real stunner her long golden hair with her wonderful body she was a make up artist and aerobics teacher and had been a dancer she had even appeared in a couple of pop videos of that era. I could not wait to walk in to the posh hotel arm in arm with Emma.

I new the other lads would be so dead jealous. I was working as a junior site manager for a large construction firm, and having a ball of a time for a country boy living and working in London even if I shared a seedy flat with two other guys in Kilburn. Life was good. And even more so since Emma came in to my life late that summer in August time. She had said this weekend of the firms dinner why did not we go back to her own flat which she had brought in Barnet North London and spend the weekend there. We had been going out about 3 of months now to this point and had not slept together the chance or the time had never arisen so to speck and way back then 34 years ago things were slightly different she had been home with me to meet my parents and we had naturally had separate rooms and I had been down to Wales to meet her parents again we had separate rooms. That was quite the norm then.

So I had been so looking forward to this whole weekend for ages. We met up in the lobby of the hotel that evening as I was coming in from Kilburn and Emma from Barnet. and we arrived amazingly almost at the same time and well Em's looked just stunning! We hugged and kissed it had been six long days since we had seen each other which seemed a life time. As she had been working in Manchester that week and had only arrived back in London mid afternoon. I felt a huge hard on in my new tight brief pants and quite tight suit trousers! I won't bore you with the details of the evening which was a typical firms dinner dance "Disco" of that period there were also a few speeches and awards handed out after the dinner and to my surprise I had won one for best new junior site management of a site of apartments in Limehouse! Could the evening get any better! Well at that point probably not! But little did I know at this point things were going to go all very wrong for me.

But unbeknown to me a group of the younger guys on the firm had decided to get me pissed! I hardly drank. And boy they new that fact and I think when they saw me with Emma. Well this made them even more up for it! After the dinner was over people kept coming up to me congratulating me on the award I had received and bringing me a drink which I thought was just soft drinks. I have to say after about an hour I began to feel a little funny and kind of light headed! But it was hot and very noisy by this time with the disco in full swing! The only other time I had got really drunk was on my 17th birthday. It must have been another good hour or so I then began to feel not right at all I think by this time I was pretty drunk.

And luckily I had just gone very quiet the last thing I really remember is saying to Emma I did not feel very well and wanted to go home. It was getting late anyway and we were relying on the underground so did not want to miss our last train to High Barnet. I had no been for a wee for ages and don't think I went for one before we left. I have no recollection of leaving and this is now what Emma told me there after! She new what the guys had done to me and was fuming and her main intention was to get me home safe back to her flat! As we had a long trip on the Northern Line Underground. I do just about recall coming out of the Hotel as we slipped away unnoticed I remember it was woefully cold outside I was not thankfully a rowdy drunk but more like a walking spaced out zombie by this time!

Emma had to keep tight hold of my hand and lead me We made the quick 4 stop ride on the Victoria Line from Green Park to Euston. From where we moved to the Northern line and had to wait for a train to go right to the end of the line at High Barnet Emma kept asking me if I was OK. I think she was dreading me being sick. Me not being use to drink or alcohol she had found an old Coop plastic carrier bag in her hand bag and had it ready in her pocket should I give any signs I was going to suddenly throw up! Apparently when we got on the Northern line train it was quiet being late it was one of the old 1938 stock still running back then in the 1980's where you had two rows of seats facing each other, we were the only ones who boarded this carriage at Euston there was one other person already in the carriage right down the other end.

It was at this point that apparently I started to say that my willy needed to do a wee-wee badly. In my slurred zombie state. Emma gripped my hand tight and told me like a mum to a toddler that I would have to hold on to my wee and wait till we got home trouble was we had about another 25 min's ride on this train then a 15 min's walk from the Station to Em's flat. I must have been busting by this time with my bladder going in to over drive. As I had been drinking large glasses of what I thought was soft drinks which they were but spiked with some sort of Vodka or some strong alcohol! And I had not been for a wee for ages the last time I went was after the dinner before the disco started.

I said in another post here I have always been a leaker! If my bladder gets to full I start leaking spurts out. I have no idea when this started but as we pulled in to High Barnet tube station Em's said come on time to get off as I got up out the seat there was a large damp patch on the seat and the bum of my lovely new suit trousers were wet with my piss! Sorry London Underground. I don't condone anyone peeing on your seats this really was a genuine accident on my part. And well in just a few more short years these very old trains were taken out of service anyway. There were quite a few people about so they must have seen me and realised I had wet my pants a bit! My willy must have been pointing down as like I say my bum was very damp. Things were just about to get a whole lot worse. There is a footpath thorough some dense trees which links the Station to a road called the Meadway a road in Barnet which we needed to get on to.

Now this path is well lit at night and there was still a few people about some waiting for lifts or taxis outside the station we went off down this path way with Em's still holding my hand! Now with the cold night air coupled with the total over fullness of my aching bladder and plus being totally blotto drunk as I was. I was stuffed and half way along this wooded path right by a street lamp I stopped and just felt that hot wetness start in my pants yet this time it was even more intense That's all I remember of that part.

Em's said I started to cry and just stood there legs apart and totally lost control of my bladder and pissed my pants suit trousers plus I had my expensive hand made Churches brogue lace up boots But even worse to stand and piss yourself in front of your new girlfriend. Em's told me she just stood and watched and held my hand to comfort me and told me it did not matter and we soon get you cleaned up when home! By time I had done there was a huge steaming pool of my hot wee-wee on the tarmac path my trousers were totally pee drenched and so sodden. My expensive brown low brogue boots squelched with my piss as I walked.

By the time we got to Em's front door I was shivering with cold my sodden trousers felt so wet and cold and clammy and smelt of dusky man piss by now, there again this is Em's account as I can't remember much at all!.could barely stand up. She undressed me out of my wet pee-pee sodden cloths in her kitchen she had a shower room off her bedroom but sat me naked on one of her plastic kitchen chairs and proceeded to strip off her self she realised there was no way she could leave me or let me go in shower on my own in the state I was I could barely stand she soon just stood in just her brief white cotton bikini style panties her luscious 34DD tits with there nipples hard stood out. O dear here I was naked with the girl I loved for the first time yet I don't remember a thing about it!

She took me holding my hand to the shower and slipped her panties down revelling her neatly trimmed gorgeous pussy. Course what did I do as soon as we were in the shower cubical I proceeded to do another long hot spurty piss out my un cut cock all over Em's legs and pussy. Well to cut a long story short after are shower where she washed me all down she then dried me off and found one of her big baggy T shirts and put that on me and basically tucked me up in her bed she later told me she cuddled up alongside me in bed ironic again the first time we shared a bed together I remember nothing of it.

We cut to the morning I was awoken by something thudding through the letter box it was the post and when I came to I wondered where the hell I was! As naturally I did not recognise the room or have at this point any recollections of how I got here or even where I was. At least I was not hung over mind I felt a little wobbly and my mouth felt so very dry and my bladder was busting full of wee but the bed was thankfully bone dry! I got out of bed and my first course of action was to find a toilet or something to piss in quickly. I was having to hold my willy now as I was full to bursting point. I tried a few doors and in the end found a loo I decided it was a safer option to sit down As I sat peeing noisily doing a strong splashy stream bits of the night before came back to me and I was horrified as I vaguely remembered peeing my self in front of Em's. OMG! I thought I have blown this.

After I had finished my long pee and washed my hand and face and I was slowly coming back to life. And more odd bits of the night before would flash back to me. Which made tummy churn over even more. I went in to the small kitchen and saw there was a note left by Em's she use to help out a local riding school at the pony club on Saturdays morning when she could it came back to me that she had told me she was going this week she use to have her own horses and was mad keen so loved getting involved and helping with this! She had left me another T shirt out and some of her jogging pants she was a tall girl and we were both slim so she new they would fit me OK. I picked them up off the table they were so soft and smelt of my beloved Emma Or Em's as I use to call her I was by now so upset and worried and just thought I had blown are wonderful loving friendship. With my antics of the night before.

I think deep down I just felt so embarrassed as well. I thought I better leave her flat the jogging pants were kind of boot cut so kind of tight round my hips and upper legs but hey this is / was 1983 cosmopolitan London where anything goes! I found my suit jacket a which had my wallet keys etc and my pee soaked boots borrowed some of Em's white socks funny enough the grey suit jacket kind of went OK with the jog bottoms. My boots still smelt of dusky man piss! And were damp but needs must. I scribbled a note to Em's saying how sorry I was to Fuck it all like I had done and I was so so sorry for last night. And set off back to my flat in Kilburn. On the way I past a flower shop in Barnet High street I called in and arranged for some flowers to be sent later that day to Em's in apologies of the night before!

I was soon back in my own seedy flat the other guys and all gone home for the weekend so at least I had the place to myself I got changed in to my Ron Hill Tracksters and decided to go out for a run to try to clear my head and get my head around what had happened and make some sense of it all if I could. By this time I was on my little run I was so hungry. We used to go to Greek Joe's cafe a couple of streets away from our flat he did great chips and I just fancied some of his chips and crispy chicken I did not even go back and shower but jogged round to Joe's Cafe where as always I was greeted with a hug from Joe! I need comfort food Joe and order some of his fresh cooked chicken and chips! This was long before mobile phones text and emails and alike! I looked at my watch and new Em's would have been home an hour or more now from the pony club. It was not long before Joe brought me the plate full of fresh cooked chicken and chips!

I was sitting round a little alcove with my back to the door. I heard the door go a few times well it was now lunch time but Joe's cafe was normally quiet on Saturdays. The next moment I heard a girl sobbing and crying nothing new the locals like sharing their troubles with Joe! The next moment to my utter surprise there stood Em's by my little table still in her very tight jodhpurs and full black riding boots tears running down her cheeks. I stood up and she just hugged me so tight and through her tears told me she loved me so deeply and it did not matter a F**k what had happened the night before she said you were cruelly set up by those Bastards who you work with anyway. We kissed passionately and a little round of applause went Joe's cafe.

There is a part 2 if any one is interested this is all very true I have to say and YES it did really happen. Much as written down here.

*002*2017-06-06 12:33

Re !!! Sorry Just my bad grammar my apologies hopefully that is now better for you. I'm a builder not a writer and it shows

*004*2017-07-02 15:10

Thank so much for your kind comments I am now writing the second part. She was a terrific girl / woman. One in a million, who became my dear loving caring loyal wife. Who I so sadly I lost a few years ago to cancer. Part two to follow soon thank you again. I find writing about us helps me get over my loss.

Kevy.

