Fear wetting experience

Author: Nazca1

*000*2021-11-10 18:57

Mesdames et Messieurs, last saturday I peed my pants in fear. For the very first time in my life. The story is fairly simple.

Last saturday I spent the night with some friends wandering around bars and pubs. I drank some beers but I wasn't too drunk. At 3 am I said goodbye to my friends and I decided to do a walk to my home, that was not so far. I had to pee, but not so much: I was sure I could hold till home.

After 10 minutes of a perfectly quiet walk, in an empty and quite dark street a guy suddenly appeared and yell at me to give him my wallet and my watch.

That freaked me out and I felt a first, warm, powerful spurt of pee soaking my briefs. I stood motionless and dazed, the guy yelled another time to give him the money and I felt a second hot spurt of pee. At this point, I don't know how and why, I found my clarity and I realized that the guy was very drunk and probably unarmed.

Without thinking, I started to run. The drunkard didn't even try to follow me, he merely insult me two or three times.

I ended the run only at the door of my building, only at that moment i thought: I pissed my pants! I was super-exited.

The damage wasn't so terrible, to be honest. I didn't empty my bladder, and I only had half-soaked briefs and a (not so big) wet spot on my trousers.

After the fear, only the excitement remains.

*001*2021-11-11 09:18

I want to add other two things.

First of all, I want to to say, in order to paint a better scenario, that I wore a heavy sweater, dark blue jeans and a pair of grey hip briefs. As I said, the briefs were half dripped but the trousers had only a "triangled shaped" wet spot, not very evident.

And then, thinking about this experience, I have to admit that it had been a little traumatic, because for 30 or 40 seconds I got really scared. But I think that I've never been truly in danger and nobody could see me and my pissed pants (so, no embarrassment). At the end of the day, it had been a very exciting experience, too.

*003*2021-11-26 13:21

{{22 hours ago, Roger Ireland said:

And decided not to change my pants until I got to the ferry port so I drove for the next two hours with a wet bottom.

}}

That's hot. But then, after you arrived, have you had the chance to change your trousers and underwear?

*007*2021-12-05 11:09

{{On 11/30/2021 at 9:54 PM, Malatesta said:

Dear god, returning home in such condition had been awful.

}}

I'm sorry that it had been a totally bad experience for you.

