Peed myself drunk Saturday night

Author: liesjeversteven

*000*2019-11-18 11:49

Hi everybody,

I had an experience Saturday night I didn't tell you about yet.

We (gf and I) were invited with the neighbours from a few houses further in the street for dinner. They're nice people and we get along pretty well. There were some more people there and the night turned out to be great fun. There was music and dancing and a bunch of alcohol and weed involved. By the time we went home it was almost morning and we were all more than a little drunk. When we got up I felt like I really needed to pee, but it's only a minute away so I figured I'd go at home. We took off, and my gf said she really needed to hurry because she had to pee like crazy. 

So we hurried along the back of the houses into our garden, and then she suddenly took off sprinting to get inside, with me right behind her. She raced to the toilet, yanked her tights and knickers down and started peeing a torrent into the toilet. When I saw that i just couldn't control it anymore and I completely soaked myself standing next to her. There was nothing I could do to stop it, it just poored out of me. My yoga pants were wet all down my legs and my socks were soaked and I was standing in a growing puddle. I just stood there giggling like crazy and emptying my bladder on the bathroom floor and my gf laughing her ass off.

I saw a wet spot in my girlfriend knickers too when she sat on the toilet, so I guess she sprinted inside because she was starting to lose it too.

It was definitely an interesting experience. I often have little almost made it accidents, but a complete soaking like that is pretty rare.

Well, hope you enjoyed.

Liesje

*006*2019-11-22 17:12

{{On 11/21/2019 at 6:44 AM, talks2much said:

Amazing! I hope your gf enjoyed watching you wet your pants right in front of her

}}

My girlfriend isn't into omo or pee at all actually. She's pretty much fetishfree... She knows it turns me on, but she doesn't want to take part in anything. Luckily for me she does have an accident once in a while.

