Compassionate suggestion (the day that put me in diapers full time)

Author: Markthekingof2

*000*2020-11-01 22:29

So a few years back I had some pretty bad bladder problems. I was wetting my bed, and was having multiple accidents a day. I had to wear a diaper to bed every night, but I was super apprehensive about wearing them during the day. It took a pretty bad experience for my friend Kelsey to finally convince me that whether I wanted to or not, I needed protection to get through the day.

So we took a long drive to visit a couple of our friends for the day (it was a two hour drive to get there). I surprisingly did okay on the way there, and was able to use the restroom when Kelsey needed to (according to her she would have wet herself soon if we didn't stop. Anyway so we were at our friends house, and we decided to go to the beach. I was like "okay no problem. Most parks have bathrooms around here."

This one didn't.

We were about a thirty minute walk from the car when I felt it. I had to pee. I would have used the ocean, but I was wearing heavier black jeans and only had tennis shoes on. I normally bring a change of pants and underwear with me (even t this day) because I'm prone to issues, but this time for whatever reason, I forgot. I whispered to Kelsey. "I think I'm going to have an accident."

"Uh oh." She said. Then she yelled to the others. "Hey Mark and I forgot our smokes in the car. We'll catch up." The others looked confused because, again, the car was a half hour away.

"I'm glad I don't smoke! That's a long walk." Said one of one friends we were with.

"Can you make it to the car at least? There isn't anywhere out here for you to go." Kelsey asked.

I sighed as I tried my hardest not to show I had to pee in front of the people walking around. "I doubt it."

A huge wave of desperation hit me, and I bent one of my knees. Then I leaked. Then again, and again. Then, I lost it and went to bathroom all over myself. There were people everywhere, and I just looked at the ground. Kelsey noticed, grabbed my hand and held it tightly. "Its okay. Just keep your head down."

I heard someone giggle, I'm pretty sure.

When we got to the car after a painful 25 minute walk in the sand and wet pants (I lost it five minutes in to the walk), I told Kelsey I didn't have any extra clothes with me. She asked "what are you going to do?"

I sighed "I'll just wait in the car. Tell everyone I didn't feel good and needed a nap."

She looked at me with sad eyes and said, "Mark, maybe we should consider some daytime options for you. You have had a lot of accidents lately. Yesterday, today, the day before. And knowing your track record, this probably wont be the last time today."

I put a beach towel down on the passenger seat, and sat down on it. Kelsey lit a cigarette, and stayed with me in the car.

"I'm not leaving you. I'll sit right here until they come back."

I felt terrible. I messed up my day, her day, and worst of all I was stuck in urine soaked clothes all day. Not healthy.

We sat I silence while she scrolled through her phone, and then I peed again. I felt the need to go for like a second, and then I went in my pants. I sighed, and looked at the growing wet spot engulfing the faded wetness from earlier. It wasn't a lot, but enough that Kelsey noticed.

"Mark..." she said, disappointed.

"Fine." I sayd as my voice cracked. "I'll wear them during the day, too."

"I know it sucks, but if you wont go to the doctor, this is your reality."

"I know." I said, sounding sad while looking at my pants.

Her motherly side came out again. She leaned over and hugged me. "Its okay, Mark. You can get through this."

That was the day I knew I needed diapers full time. Eventually I got better and only wore diapers for fun. I still have accidents and I'm even out of diapers at night...for now at least. I have been bed wetting more than usual lately.

*002*2020-11-02 07:25

{{13 minutes ago, trekkie said:

Did you ever go to the doctor? What did they say?

}}

I did. The bed wetting was from a medication I was on, I had OAB syndrome on top of that, and a I had a super bad infection toward the beginning and kept getting them on and off. So got on some meds, got used to bathroom schedules and all that and for the most part I'm good now.

I was also going through a severe mental health crisis at the time, which sort of ended up with me getting lost inside my fantasy. Not a very good time for me, but I got better and can look back on it without a problem. I'm in the best shape of my life, and I'm feeling better everyday. Still deal with occasional bladder issues, though not nearly as many as before.

