Holding contest in public

Author: Skinnyboy

*000*2017-05-25 21:26

Hello! its been awhile since my last wetting story so I thought I would bring you a new story about how I wet myself in public last night

I was in my apartment last night and I decided to do a holding challenge in public. but doing it at night cause no way in hell am I doing it during the day. so here is my plan, my local Walmart is only about a 15 minute walk away from my apartment complex so I decided to challenge my self to walk there buy something and walk back without wetting myself. well that was the plan.

So I got ready. put on my clothes my designer small sized briefs, leggings and a pair of blue jeggings (reason for the leggings was for the fact that the jeggings wernt tight on me like their meant to be so the leggings helped my jeggings fit perfectly :) ) little white thin ankle high socks, my vans slim shoes and my hoodie and off I went. I never bothered bringing any change of clothes so if I had an accident I was walking home in soaked blue jeggings. so I headed off out already with about over 1LT of water in me and still drinking 1LT bottle of water on the way.

So the second I left for Walmart I was about a 7/10 for desperation. I could feel it sitting in my bladder and being discomfort with this but not in trouble...YET!!! so walking over and can say I wasn't feeling anymore desperate even with drinking water on the way over. was about 5minutes away from wallmart when my desperation went from a 7 to a 8. starting to feel it trying to force its way out now and muscles starting to become tired.

I reached wallmart and went inside feeling really uncomfortable because my desperation was rapidly getting worse FAST!!! (due to drinking water on the way over) so I went and just bought a packet of mints and decided to leave. but just as I went through the cheackout I went from an 8 to a 9. my muscels were constantly going to weak and strong. usually when I'm this derperate I would have leaked at least 5 times buy now. I'm not someone who bursts at once I always have really bad leaks before I fully wet my self so the fact I'm dry at 9/10 desperation is lucky.

So as I left the store I went straight back home, still had a 15 minute walk though. as I was walking back my bladder was getting weaker and weaker and I knew I was in trouble. after 5 minutes of walking back I knew I wasent going to make it back in time cause my desperation was so bad I couldn't hold my bladder mucsels that hard. just getting looser and looser . after another five minutes of walking (only 5 minutes away from my apartment) the start of the end happened. walking through a carpark and as I felt coming I had my first leak. nothing bad but knew my skinny briefs were now wet.

Another 2 minuets went buy and this is where the accident started to happen. I was going to full on wet my self right there and decided to porously wet my self for 3 seconds. so I let go but couldn't get it under control until 5 seconds into the wetting. it was quite a slow leak, it made a small wet patch infront of my jeggings and started speading down my inner thighs. but managed to stop it at that. after that happened I looked at the damage and knew I had a little accident but nothing to bad.

Only another minute walk and I started to pee again I couldn't stop it. I peed for like 10 seconds and it travelled slowly down my inner thighs and legs but managed to stop it just as it reached my socks. at that point I took my shoes off and continued walking (thank god I was wearing leggings underneath or else the wet patch would of been allot bigger) but only a minute away I lost full control for good and as I stood ther fully wetting my self I noiticed the wet patch get bigger and bigger and I accepted defeat and just fully let go. it was amazing. I stood there and saw a big wet patch and my inner thighs and legs and bum was soaked.

So I quickly ran home and stripped naked, went into a shower and got into some fresh leggings :)

Hopes yous all enjoyed my story about my first wetting in public. please ask question if you want :) also I have pics of the aftermath. might post them tomorrow or at a later date.

