Togetherness

Author: blisster

*000*2017-07-09 08:27

This is an old story- but perhaps new here. Jane was walking along a busy seaside parade when the need to pee became urgent. She asked her boy friend if he knew where the nearest toilet was. He (helpfully?) replied - "there's on half a mile that way and there's one half a mile the other way". Jane looked worried and said to him she wasn't sure she could "hold it". He asked if she was worried about wetting her panties and she said "too true". He said lets try and make it and she whispered"I know I won't manage it". He said "My mum always said it was better to have an accident than hurt yourself inside by holding too long". She replied "That's not much help either". At last the urgency of the situation dawned on him and he became more helpful. He said "At least you have a skirt on so you ought to go as soon as we find a place and then you will be more comfortable" 

They walked a little further and he said "look there's a patch of grass by the wall- walk over there and pretend to be looking out to sea and keep your legs a little bit open - no one will be looking and on the grass there won't be a puddle. He told her not to worry and that he would be with her. They stood on the grass and he told her "I am going to go too - just pee through your panties it will be alright you'll see." Not having any other choice Jane set her bladder empty itself leaving her cotton panties and legs soaking. He slid his penis through the side of his briefs and pulled his shorts leg aside while a stream of pee ran down his leg into the grass. Jane said "I didn't think you would do that" and he whispered "have you finished". She said yes and they moved on with no one realising that there were patches of where the grass might not grow so well for a while.

