SheeWee Experiments

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-03-11 21:22

A lovely fan bought me a SheeWee for the winter holidays, and I’ve been sitting on this report back for a while. I’ve been dying to try out one of these things for a while, partly because I geek out about peeing tech (just look at my extensive reports ‘testing’ out various UI and period pads, and forthcoming reports on bed pads), and also because I do like to get out and hike a lot, have a history of bladder issues, and sometimes there just isn’t a discreet or dignified way to pop a squat on the side of a mountain without flashing your girl bits to your hiking mates (or wandering too far to avoid doing this and falling off a cliff). Finally, what girl hasn’t at least thought about peeing standing up and peeing with a penis. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m very happy with my plumbing thank you very much, but life is made more rich with experimentation.

I think I’ve written elsewhere about if I had a penis for a day, I’d spend the entire day putting my dick in EVERYTHING. But between irresponsible dick poking, I’d almost certainly experiment with peeing standing up (and like target shooting, I don’t know why all guys don’t have a bag of Cheerios in the bathroom for pee time fun all the time).

So the SheeWee, first, this is the description from their website:

Shewee is the award winning portable urinating device for women.

Shewee allows women to urinate whilst standing and without removing clothes.

Shewee and its complimentary product range are ideal products for camping, travelling, festivals, long car journeys, and any kind of outdoor pursuit where the toilet facilities are absent or less than desirable.

Shewee is easy to use, discreet, reusable, lightweight and it fits in a pocket.

Shewee is NATO approved and supplied to armed forces worldwide.

Uncomfortable squatting, sitting on unhygienic toilets and embarrassing bare bottoms are officially a thing of the past!

When positioned securely under the crotch, with panties pushed to one side, Shewee directs urine away from the body to a suitable place, such as a toilet, a container, a Shewee Peebol or a conveniently located tree!

Designed with women of all ages and occupations in mind, the compact Shewee will be as much of a handbag essential as your lipstick! Whether you choose to use Shewee to avoid sitting on less than desirable public toilet seats, or if your job or favourite hobby makes going to the washrooms in the usual squatting stance difficult, then Shewee is the only solution.

The perfect gift for women of all ages. Join the many Canadian women already empowered by the convenience of standing up to pee. See how Shewee can help you!

###

A pretty good sales pitch, and also NATO approved seemed like a bit much and a few minutes of poking around the internet and I couldn’t find this anywhere other than commercial sites but sounds hot!

I selected a lavender one because I love the colour, and also because I didn’t want something too flesh –coloured and also it matches my sheets. Why does a portable peeing device I’m not going to use at home need to match my sheets? Don’t ask so many questions.

$$

$$

$$

$$

It finally arrived and it came in this handy packaging with all the instructions you need to know about your new peeing device. Note that it’s covered in some sort of water-repellant coating which means you aren’t storing a tone of pee in your purse, and it comes in a handy and discreet carrying case. It also has an extender tube for like when you are wearing thicker clothing or you know, just want to feel bigger.

So the instructions do recommend you get practice using it in the shower at home, before taking it out in public, and I don’t really need an excuse to go an pee myself in the shower, but it was nice to have one other than ‘getting off.’ I also like how it give you tips that I would imagine any guy would know, like pee with the wind at your back.

$$

$$

So, one afternoon over the holidays, I filled up on green tea and stripped down to my panties and headed purposefully to the shower, panties in hand. Yes, I wandered through the house in just my panties holding the SheWee case, my husband is used to this sort of thing by now. Typically he knows it means he’s getting laid later and I know he appreciated the view.

I waited until I was at about a 7 on the desperation scale, about that which I would almost certainly consider finding a tree or shelter to pull down my panties while out ant about, but not so desperate that I would be fidgety and not able to concentrate on placement.

I decided to use the extender for my first time, even though I was only in panties, mostly because I wanted to appreciate the visual experience. I stood in the shower, shifted the gusset of my panties to the side, and positioned the SheWee. It took a little finessing at first, but I got the position at what I felt was comfortable, and had proper coverage, and I relaxed. It took a second as my body isn’t used to peeing whilst something is pressed against my vagina, but release I did and a frothy torrent of warm pee flooded into the wide end, dancing wetly across my lips as it did. I then go to appreciate a rather considerable thick flow of pee running out the other end of the SheWee.

For some reason I thought that it would come out like a thin jet, like pee from a penis, but I realize that this was rather ridiculous, because this would require pressure, which would require like the SheWee to be very tight against the body indeed. A rather impractical design for something that is supposed to be practical. Instead, the pee came out in a flow much like a tap, turned on to low volume.

I peed for a good 45 seconds and felt confident enough to sway my hips from side to side just a little, moving the stream back and forth.

I wasn’t going to win any accuracy contests yet, but I felt pretty confident.

Once I was done, I moved the SheWee away, spread my legs a little more, and wiggled to dry off. I was rather wet down there, and thought that when I was out and about I’d probably still want to bring some toilet paper to dry off, or wipe with my panties. As it was, I used toilet paper to wipe myself dry, and then removed my hand to allow the gusset of my panties to move back into place.

I felt my panties and they were dry! No dribbles out the side or back, a rather successful weeing experience. Given the recommendation on the label, I thought that it would be harder and I’d leak everywhere on my first go. I rinsed it off and left it to dry by the sink, and then went about my day.

I also snapped a couple of pictures for you all, celebrating my first successful SheWee experience:

$$

$$

Fast forward a couple of days, and I was keen to try it again. Being more adventurous, but also still not wanting to like have to get pee out of my carpet, I went back into the bathroom with a full bladder and a my new SheWee. This time, I left my jeans on, but I did still stand in the shower.

It was a little more difficult to get the funnel opening in place with my jeans and I had to shimmy them down a little to accommodate the funnel. I move the gusset of my panties aside and moved the SheWee about to get it into where I thought was a good place. I’ve peed my panties a ton of times, as you all know, both on purpose and by accident, but it did still take me a second to release again. It takes some getting used to peeing with something pressed against your labia.

Anyhow I did, and I think I had the funnel angled a little too high (it needs to point down so gravity does all the work). I had the SheWee held in place in one hand and the other underneath it outside of my pants to feel for leaks. I released and it did start flowing but immediately I felt a little pee leak out the back. I tried to stop peeing but of course I’m terrible at stopping mid-stream and so instead I adjusted the angle of the funnel down more, and the leaking stopped. This was a little difficult because my fly got in the way (the flies on girl jeans are not optimal for this, or at least are not on my jeans). The rest of the pee went well.

When I was done, I couldn’t shake dry, so I carefully removed the SheWee and keeping my jeans and panties away from my wet girl bits, shook off the SheWee and then practiced wiping myself with my panties and jeans pulled up. The maneuver was pretty easy and my confidence grew.

I immediately inspected my panties and jeans and found a small wet spot on the back of the crotch of both. Nothing anyone would really notice, and only the kind of leak that I would freak out about in high school, certain that everyone could see.

I snapped some pics of the leak and another commemorative picture of the SheeWee!

$$

$$

$$

$$

So I practiced a couple of other times, usually in the shower naked, just for fun, a couple of mornings, and I felt pretty confident with my new peeing device.

It wasn’t too long before I had occasion to bring it along on a hiking adventure. My husband and I were excited to go do some hiking along a beach with some friends and so in addition to my hiking pants, and the usual spare panties and pad, I also slipped my SheWee into my backpack.

We went out with a couple of friends, two other couples who share hiking adventures with us from time to time, and other interests as well. We arrived in two cars and took a short hike to the beach. There we explored the gnarly driftwood, rocks, and checked out creatures in the tide pools. It was a perfect sunny day, and I was very much enjoying myself.

We had a picnic on a large piece of driftwood and then split up to explore the beach a little on our own. We also brought bags and picked up some plastic because it’s the right thing to do, and there’s nothing quite like a visit to the beach and helping the planet just a little bit.

My husband worked our way down the beach and spent a while looking at cool anemones in a large tidal pool. The juice we had at lunch had more than worked its way through my system and I was ready for a week. While it was just the two of us and I could have found a secluded spot behind a rock or log (and there were many of them), I decided to try the SheWee out. I also wanted to do the guy thing of standing side by side and peeing (is this a thing? I just assume you are all into this as you do this in the washroom). Anyhow we found a spot sort of behind a larger rock. I rummaged in my bag and extracted my SheWee and toilet paper, and my hubby rummaged in his pants and extracted his penis. I took a little longer to get it into place after undoing my fly, and with one leg on a rock and the other on another, slightly lower rock, I peed standing up outdoors for the first time!

He looked over at me and watched me, which for some reason was incredibly hot and just a little disconcerting. I blushed knowing that my hubby was watching me pee standing up, but quickly kept my eyes on my own work, and it was a good thing too. I didn’t heed the instructions on the package and I was fighting gravity. One leg was higher than the other and this caused a serious leak on my right inner thigh, a large on bigger than a hand, as some of the pee sloshed out and got on my panties and hiking pants!

I was horrified and after shaking off the SheWee and putting it back into its case, I dried both my girl parts and panties and trousers. Suddenly shifting into little mode, where I am inordinately shy, I sheepishly told my husband that I’d wet my pants. He didn’t go into Daddy mode, but instead defaulted to his scientist mode and was all interested in why this had happened. His analysis, which was similar to mine but not welcome, outlined the uneven ground upon which I’d been standing to pee.

I was not impressed and a little upset about wetting my pants. I was most concerned that our friends would see, and very embarrassed. The bold and empowered Rachel who peed standing up on the beach was very quickly deflated to a little Rachel, with memories of childhood accidents churning through her mind.

My hubby was still analyzing and I was not impressed. I mostly tuned him out until I heard him mention ‘quick dry.’ Yes, my trousers were quick dry, so the large stain that was both down my inner thigh and somewhat around the front towards the pocket, would soon evaporate, so long as we wandered around on our own for a while.

I was comforted by this, and used another few wads of toilet paper to dry my cotton, and very much not quick dry, panties. Very un-ladylike, I shoved my hand down the front of my pants and panties and squeezed a wad of toilet paper around the wet gusset of my panties. I repeated this a couple of times until I was sure that the panties were as dry as they were going to get. All the while my husband kept lookout, as though we were off on our own on the beach it was a rather busy beach, and a holiday, and people were wandering about, and they might have looked askance at a woman frantically moving he hand about inside of her pants. I also padded the outside of my pants and got them relatively dry and put all the toilet paper into a baggie in our bag and we wandered off.

I was so distracted by the leak that I hadn’t really appreciated the puddle I had made or all the other fun and naughty emotions associated with peeing outside.

We wandered for a little while maybe an hour, and filled two big bags with beach plastic. Then after we got a text from our friends we all met up mid-beach to compare bags and wander back through the forest to the cars. By this time, my trousers were mostly dry but no one was even inclined to notice. One of our friends had walked into a wave or rather failed to get out of the way of a wave and soaked their hiking boots, so this was the topic of discussion (and teasing) as we wandered back.

So I know the mistake I made, I need to have my feet planted firmly flat and I need to think a little more about mechanics and gravity before I just unleash while standing up in public. There is something very empowering about peeing standing up with a SheWee but also something very humiliating about trying this all proud and bold and then soaking your panties and trousers.

Anyhow, here are my panties after the fateful beach adventure. I wore them home damp and didn’t get them off until hours later. I do loath wet panties. I could have changed into my backup pair in the outhouse at the trailhead but you all know where I fall out in the choice between removing my hiking boots and trousers in an outhouse or going home in wet panties…

$$

$$

More SheWee adventures this summer as we hike more and more with improving weather!

Thank you so my lovely customer who got me the SheWee as a gift! I love it and can’t wait to play with it some more.

Rach

$$

$$

$$

*003*2019-03-13 08:15

{{11 hours ago, nappypants said:

There's another type of "portable urinating device for women" which "allows women to urinate whilst standing and without removing clothes", and suitable for all the above scenarios

}}

Hehehehe, indeed. Though hiking in a pullup (especially one that's wet) sucks

*008*2019-03-16 21:44

{{On 3/14/2019 at 10:34 PM, kochel428 said:

My girlfriend has something similar to one of these. She's pretty practiced at it, and has only had one issue with it in the time we've been hiking and camping together. It was a bit of a doozy though.

We were camping at a hike-in campsite halfway up a modest Northeastern mountain. As she normally does, she pulled it out and stood a little way off from the tent. I wasn't paying close attention, but I realized at some point that she had had the device misaligned, and had wet herself—significantly. She then sat down just inside the tent to take off her boots so she could then remove her wet pants. After a moment she said, "I'm still peeing." She has a bladder of steel, but for whatever reason stopping partway through her pee hadn't worked out for her this time, and she made a puddle on the tent floor. Fortunately it was waterproof, and I mopped it up with one of our little camp towels while she squatted over some moss to finish up.

She hadn't brought a second pair of pants, so when we summited the mountain the next day she had to wear just a base layer on the bottom.

}}

Thanks for sharing, that must have been chilly!

{{On 3/14/2019 at 3:33 PM, DarthBane93 said:

So hot! I'm really glad you enjoyed it Hope you continue to have all the misadventures with it, it's something like 10,000 reps to master any one technique right!

}}

And I have been practicing

{{On 3/14/2019 at 1:11 PM, peeople said:

You'd better wear a skirt when using it.

}}

Definitely an option.

