I peed my pants today

Author: Type92

*000*2020-08-17 16:35

Hi, I haven't posted anything in a while, but. I had to post this. So....I peed in my pants today. I had a dentist appointment today to get a filling fixed, and I planned out my bathroom breaks very poorly. So, the dentists office has a bathroom, but I never got around to using it, because you have to ask, and then be escorted through the employee's break room to get there. Mix that with my numbed tounge form the filling, and I didn't feel the need to embarrass myself by asking.

To fill you guys in, I recently broke my back basically....my pelvis more like. The sacraum is the back of your pelvis that channels most of the nerves for your lower body, and as omo luck would have it, one of the areas I lost feeling in was my bladder. There was substantial muscle damage to my groin area, as I was crushed under a car. I pretty much lost all of the strength in my kegels, and the hardware its self was injured and numbed out. So, I basically got an omo dream come true, I couldn't feel it coming, and I couldn't hold it in when I did. This was made worse by the fact that my bowel control remained somewhat normal. Albeit internal bruising when pooping is screamingly painful....(shudder).

So, with all that damage, needless to say I wet myself a few times during recovery, but since I was on 2 month bed rest, I preferred to avoid this. I don't particularly love wetting my bed if I have to be stuck in it 24/7, and seeing as how nothing worked down there, enjoyment wasn't really the 1st thing in my mind. So, i made the efforts to avoid peeing in my bed. Being stuck at home within 20 feet of a bathroom all day helped as well.

Once I was able to walk again, and wear normal clothes, I had to keep up this planning. So, a part from a few notable accidents, I got pretty good at setting up bathroom breaks to avoid any incidents as the feeling in my lower half has slowly come back. I'm probably 90% of the way there with my feelings returning, so I've been just fine, back to normal except the urge to pee still comes on late and doesn't quite feel as bad as it is.

Anyway, as I was leaving the dentist office, I got the urge to go, where if I'd been at home I'd have immediately gotten up to go, as it's the kind of warning that leaves me with about 5 to 10 minutes to find a place to pee. I wandered over to the real estate office next door and inquired about a bathroom, I was promptly told no and to use the dentist office. I considered this, but as I returned to the lobby, I saw the girl working at the desk was the beautiful 30's something assistant I have a fairly large crush on. As childish as that sounds, I was even worse off in deciding I'd be too embarrassed to appear weak in front of her, so i turned and left.

I decided I'd stop at a public park/tennis court on the way back. I was only about 15 minutes away from home, but I wasn't sure how my timing would work out since I'd delayed a bit so far. The park would work since it's open, but usually empty with the covid restrictions. I squirmed my way to my car and headed down the street.

I had a split second thought that I could wet intentionally, but I just really wasn't in the mood. Plus, I like that I was slowly getting back to normal with my injury, and wetting my pants feels like a setback at this point. I pulled into the park and parked my car. I could see there were a few women playing tennis but otherwise just a landscaping truck and nothing else. As I waddled up to the bathroom, I could see that it was locked. It's one of those outdoor single rooms like you see at every park. I could hear who I assumed to be the landscaper inside loudly pooping.

This is when the panic began to set in. I knew it would be a few minuets before he was done, but I didn't have any choice but to wait. I squirmed over to the sidewalk and wandered down by the little footbridge going over the pond that connects to the tennis courts. It was slightly hidden, but not enough for me to pee anywhere. Plus the cameras that covered the park convinced me to just hold it and not risk getting arrested for public urination. I waited down there slightly out of sight until I heard the door open, I poked my head out just in time to see another landscaper man go right in after the other left.

I knew then I was screwed. Even if he was in and out quick, I wouldn't get back to the building. I turned around with my legs crossed and begsin trying to figure out how to pee on a tree without showing the camera, or the tennis courts my junk. It didn't matter. I had started leaking by the time the first guy left l, and my crotch was feeling very warm by this point. I grabbed myself, but my control was fading and I couldn't stop the trickle. My crotch was soaked and a quick look down saw my dark stain spreading down my thighs. I just kinda gave up at this point and let it go. I peed enough to soak down to my ankles, and got my socks pretty wet. At this point, I needed to make a mad dash to get out of here before the entire tennis court looked over to see a 28 year old peeing in his pants. I ran back up the walkway, and ducked into the pavilion and sat on a bench till the landscapers went by on their mowers, then I high tailed it out of there.

I just got home a few minutes ago, and my hands are still shaking from excitement. It was not what I wanted to do today, but I can't lie and say I didn't enjoy it. Hope its entertaining enough to read. I did take a photo if anyone is interested, just message me. I still feel a little nervous posting for all to see. But if you message me and really want to see it, I suppose I could reveal it. Thanks again everyone, I love this site. Where else could you post a story like this and not be ostracized? Haha!

