From then until now

Author: noobishlord

*000*2017-08-23 14:07

I've lurked here, and now I've finally started posting in conversations, I guess I should roughly explain my history with wetting.

When I was much younger, I had a cousin who routinely wet himself and his bed. He was simply a very excitable person, always focusing on whatever has his attention and very little else. As such, he frequently had accidents, but he never really cared about them. It was just a part of his life. He even did it on purpose a couple of times, he told me, and I watched him do so in front of me once. He tried to get me to wet with him, but I couldn't. The dam just wouldn't break. Ironically, he's grown out of wetting while I've grown into it, hehehe. I wouldn't mind trying to reintroduce him to it. It would be sweet to have a wetting partner. Unfortunately, we don't meet up for hang-outs much anymore. Real life just keeping us busy.

Anyhoo, one day back in third grade towards the end of a school day, I really had to pee. I must have drank a lot more than I normally did that day, and while I was trying to put something away that was being quite argumentative about it, the dam did break suddenly, and I just totally drenched my jeans. I don't know how, but the fact that I wet myself was never pointed out. That was the last time I ever accidentally wet myself, and yet, I think that was the single event that made me more comfortable about wetting down the road, even though my cousin was still wetting himself for a few years after this event.

Fast forward quite a few years, about seven-ish years ago, actually. I had a particularly stressful day at work, the events of which escape me at this moment. I don't know why, but when I got home, I just decided that I was going to just go into the shower and pee straight through my pants. Try as I might, I just couldn't do it until I stripped down to just my underwear, but eventually I managed to wet them. I felt an instant wave of relaxation. All the stress of the day was suddenly gone.

And that got me hooked. I spent several more wetting sessions in just my underwear before moving up to shorts, and eventually to a pair of sweats that I still love to wet to this day. They were always one-off events, I'd just wet myself, shower off, clean the clothes and finish my day as per normal. This was until I ended up having a week to myself one summer, no work, nobody expecting to visit, and I decided to take advantage of that. I got as many sweats that still fit me and wet through them throughout the week, never changing until it was time to go to sleep. I even tried to wet the bed, but that never came to be.

And that's my general history with wetting, with my latest event being just a couple days ago after spending some time on this site. It was my first wetting in a long while, and it reminded me how relaxing I found it to be, and I think I'm just fired up for more future wettings now. Unfortunately, while I have absolutely no problems wetting myself when I want to now, I haven't had a genuine accident since that event in the third grade, and that's something I would like to try to create one day. I've also have yet to manage to wet myself in my bed, on purpose or accidentally, since I started wetting myself again, and that is one thing I would REALLY like to do. If you have any questions, or suggestions, by all means, leave a post, I'd love to hear 'em.

*002*2017-08-24 00:16

A new event that just occurred maybe an hour before this post. I had headed uptown earlier to stop by a going-out-of-business sale, seeing what goodies I could potentially snag. Since it was a warm-ish summer day, I got a bottle of water to drink up on my way up. After trotting up there and being disappointed at finding nothing to buy, I realized I was out of water and got a big bottle of ice tea and started trudging my way back home, since it was a bit of a walk and I wanted to eat dinner sometime tonight. 

As I started drinking the tea, I thought I'd go and wet myself once I got back, relieve the disappointment and end the evening on a high note. About half-way home (and three quarters of the way through the tea,) my bladder twinged a bit to let me know it was full enough and would like to be able to release. A sudden thought occurred to me, I had a full enough bladder, it was later in the day with emptier roads and sidewalks, I could potentially wet myself in public, something I have never worked up the nerve to do before.

I finished off the tea and focused on the idea. I didn't want to chicken out this thought and pass up the chance. It also kept me aware of my bladder wanting to release. As I got closer it almost became a mantra in my head. On the home stretch, I started to try and relax and let the pee flow, but I couldn't, my nerves were fighting back. Taking a quick look around, I stopped just long enough to push through the first stream, though that was still a fight. Once I broke through, I was able to keep on peeing and I finished the walk to my house. I checked the mail before I went in, and I was pretty sure I wasn't spotted, though my heart was pounding. I went up to my bathroom to look at its full-length mirror, and it was fairly obvious that I had wet myself, a large wet spot around my crotch and trails down the legs. I then took a shower and threw the clothes into the wash (since I really like the pants I had on.)

This was a somewhat nerve-racking experience. I'm not sure if I'll ever try public wetting again, since I wet to relax, but at least I've tried it!

*004*2017-08-24 19:42

Maybe it's because I first purposely wet myself after a particularly stressful day at work, just letting all my cares go at that one moment that I've come to connect wetting with relaxation. Even now when I wet, as long as I'm not trying something nerve-inducing, like public wetting, stressed or not I just feel totally relaxed as I let loose in my pants. Maybe it's the thought of not having a single care at the moment, not even for societal standards, I don't really know, I don't practice psychology. All I know is, it makes me feel good and doesn't affect anyone else, thus I can relax and enjoy it.

