Accidental Wetting Turns to Wetting in a French Maid Costume

Author: Averylynn

*000*2018-04-18 22:24

Heey guys ^.^ this was from last week, I thought I posted it but I guess not haha

So lately I've been having this issue where everyday when I get home from work I have to pee soo badly that I'm practically wetting myself. Like as soon as I see my house it's a struggle to get home dry. (A situation that could be fixed by going to the bathroom before I go home but I live five minutes away so I suffer haha)

I was wearing a pink dress and dark grey tights, and when I got the the sidewalk behind my house, I wasn't even given any warning before I started leaking. I'm a fast walker, and I picked up my stride a bit, trying to clench my muscles enough to stop the leaks, but I couldn't. By the time I got to my house I had a dark streak all the way down my leg, and I still had to pee soo badly!

Then of course, the lock had to stick!! I wasn't able to get my key in the lock at all and I was still struggling so hard to hold.

I wanted so badly to quickly pull my tights down and pee in my yard, but my upstairs neighbor was out and she couldn't see that. My eyes were filling with tears as I tried pulling at the lock. It was so frustrating and stressful!

Finally I managed to get it to work, but my bladder decided it wasn't holding on anymore and I started peeing uncontrollably. I made a beeline straight for the shower, and gave in to it.

When I was done I thought of a plan for the rest of my day. I was supposed to mop the floors anyways so who would it hurt if i lost control on them first?

I had a few things I had to do that day first, so after cleaning myself up, I had a can of coke, made myself some iced coffee and headed out to do my errands.

I wasn't gone long, maybe an hour? But by the end of that hour I was struggling quite a bit. I ended up giving up on holding when I got home, as I had a plan I wanted to do.

It had been some time since I had made any wetting videos, so I wanted to make a fun one! So I did what anyone would do and put on a french maid dress I have (without any panties), and a blonde wig.

I needed to get my cleaning done so I decided that I would have to sweep half the house, and mop at least one room before I pissed myself.

I honestry cant remember how much I drank while I was cleaning, just that I always had something near me. I was in the zone, I felt hot as hell in my outfit, and was getting pretty excited about my plan, I was constantly rubbing my thighs together.

But of course when you're cleaning you start something and find more things that need to be done to compleate the task, so of course it wasn't as simple as sweep and mop.

After I managed to finish sweeping I was at an 8, and was getting actively aware of my bladder. I went to fill the mop bucket in the shower, and when I stepped into the bathroom I lost a little bit.

I clenched my muscles as hard as I could and managed not to loose anymore. I set the bucket up so it could fill up, and went to set up my laptop to film, bouncing a bit the entire time.

I sped through mopping the bathroom floor (the smallet room lmao) and went to the area I set up my laptop. It's sort of like a hallway thing? Basically it's the area that connects all the rooms in my place. I quickly started at scrubbing the floor with a scrub brush (leaking slightly every couple seconds) I knew I wasn't going to last long but you know I just had to set the scene and that meant bubbles!

Finally I had what I thought to be a nice enough amount of bubbles, and I could hardlystop the ever so constant leaks. The video didn't end up being what I wanted (turns out I couldn't continue scrubbing the floor in a way that the veiwer could still see me pee) but it still felt soo good. I was peeing for a solid 40 seconds which surprised be considering how much I thought I had already lost. It was so hot watching myself pee all over the bubbly floor in the video, that by the end of it I could hardly hold myself up.

After spending a minute to regain myself, I shut off the camera, and cleand up the mess I made

*004*2018-04-20 16:07

{{14 hours ago, Kittycat said:

That was quite a story! i think we all would love to see the video, but its ok if you dont want to. i cant wait to see if you do any other stories like this :)

}}

Thank youu ^.^ unfortunately I'm a clip seller, and can't navigate the paid feature on here so the only way that it would end up on here is if someone else posted it here against my knowledge. I'll try and get a couple of good screenshots when I get to it editing though!!

{{12 hours ago, CoffeeNow1 said:

Great story. It would be a lot of fun to go on a nice long walk with you while you have to pee really badly. It would even be fun to do household chores together with you, as long as we agree that the only place we're allowed to pee is in our pants.... Thanks for posting. You are obviosly a really fun chick.

}}

Ahaha if we were walking it wouldn't take long for my to give up I have such a weak bladder x.x in the summer I wear dresses a lot though which helps

{{12 hours ago, gokubaby said:

Great story thanks

}}

Thank youu

*006*2018-04-20 16:38

{{19 minutes ago, Dealer said:

Thank you for sharing this amazing story! Really hot, especially this part:

LOL

}}

Okaay well I mean technically the French maid dress was to seduce my partner when they got home but you gotta kill two birds with one stone right?

*009*2018-04-20 20:45

{{4 hours ago, achrta said:

Maybe you could share a link where we can buy the video ?

}}

Defs will when I get it up ^.^ I'm currently moving so it'll be a couple weeks probaby though

