Wet week ahead - Any suggestions?

Author: themerger

*000*2016-07-24 21:17

Hey all!

I'm house-sitting for the entire week, and have already taken advantage of the privacy: walking the dog, as my bladder nearly bursts, and wetting myself in the entry-way of the home.

Although I can craft some fun wetting scenarios on my own, I'd love to hear from the community; any thoughts on what I should do with the abundant 'wet time' on my hands? I am open to most anything, except for flagrantly public wettings (though I'm not opposed to less risky public excursions). I may document my adventures on video, as I haven't posted here in a while.

So, what say you Omo community?

*006*2016-08-01 18:23

Thanks for the feedback y'all! This past week was extremely busy, but I managed to have some fun later in the week:

On Thursday afternoon, following an extended shift at work, I felt the gnawing obligation to walk Bailey (the dog I was sitting). I rushed to the house as soon as I got off work, and found Bailey whining in his crate, out of excitement to see me and most certainly the anxiety accompanying a full bladder. I failed to recognize the signals from my own bladder, as my mind was preoccupied with work and walking Bailey.

I figured that he would quickly relieve himself as soon as we went outside, but to my surprise he held on for two blocks! Finally he started going, his own relief tantalizing my bladder to consider it's own fate. Soon I felt overcome with the need to pee and gave him a tug back towards the house. He complied, though in his canine fashion, stopped multiple times to sniff along the sidewalk- each time we stopped sent bladder-punishing sensations.

Rather than torture myself further with the notion of attaining the bathroom, I guided Bailey to the backyard, where I let him into the house through the backdoor. As he went inside, I let my bladder take over: urine gushed down my left leg, as my right was propped on the step to the backdoor. Bringing both legs together guided the flow down both legs, leaving a large puddle beneath me. I kicked off my sopping wet flip flops and proceeded to water the flowers around the yard, with bare feet and soaked shorts.

###

On Friday evening, as I was cleaning the house in preparation for the return of my mother (whose house I had been sitting), I could feel the water and tea that I had drank trying to escape my bladder. I felt compelled to enjoy the empty house once more, but decided to indulge a little more publicly. I leashed Bailey and took him for his constitutional, as my swollen bladder continued to alert me of it's impatience.

We walked for about 15 minutes until my bladder had had it. I began peeing myself as we walked down the sidewalk, which was dimly lit, as periodic street lights marked the avenue. I had a wet patch, about the size of a tea plate on my left thigh, hardly inconspicuous on my bright red shorts. I had to make the next right-turn and walk about one more block before I reached the house. The road on which the house sits is wide, separated by a grassy median, effectively creating two, one-way streets; fortunately, I walked with traffic as I turned right, which was surprisingly dense so late in the evening. As cars came up from behind me, I continued wetting, soaking my left leg down to my grey Vans sneaker.

Once we reached the house, my bladder was far from empty and my shoe was wet enough that I didn't want to enter the home, lest I leave some pissy shoe-prints. Instead, I let Bailey into the house and proceeded next to the drive-way, where I squatted in a small grassy patch and released a flood of urine- completely soaking the back of my shorts, as well as some of the front of my shirts, waistband, and shirt; all the while cars were driving by the house, though the tall fence of my neighbors yard left me somewhat hidden from the road. Had any driver turned to look at the house as they drove by, they certainly would've seen me squatting.

After the flow slowed to a trickle, I stood up and felt the wet contents of my shorts flow into the backs of my shoes. I then reached into my car for a towel to sit on for my trip back to my apt. I pulled up to my row-home apartment in the city, got out and carried a laundry basket full of things onto my front porch. A neighbor two doors down from me waved and said: "Good evening". Luckily there were no lights on my patio, leaving my soaking wet shots shrouded in a faint shadow. I responded with a "Hey" and hurried inside. It was a gamble, as I wasn't sure if my roommates were home. Sure enough, my suspicions that they were out were correct; so I stripped off my wet clothes and took a very satisfying shower.

Cheers!

