(Male) Date night

Author: shinobi

*000*2020-09-15 22:52

Hello everyone, I've been a lurker at omo.org for quite a while, since I'd heard of the site probably, but have only posted a hand full of times before. I'm not sure why, but I got the urge to become more active, so I thought I'd share one of my favorite experiences with you all, especially since male stories seem to be less common. I know there is a smaller audience for them here that enjoys them. I’ll post what I’ve written so far, and if people like it and my writing style, I’ll keep going.

A bit of background on me first: I am a youngish gay male, and have a partner who is several years older than I am. I mention the age difference because I feel like it plays a role in our sex lives, both in and out of omorashi – we're both pretty kinky, and the only easy way I know of to describe our dynamic is an almost “big brother/little brother” sort. He's by far the more domineering one between us, and has a thing for exhibitionism to boot (I don't, but I willingly indulge him as much as I can – I don't have to tell you all how nerve wracking it can be!). 

To stick with omorashi, this usually means that he tells me what and how much to drink, with the goal of teasing me and forcing me to hold until I wet myself, and for him, that preferably happens somewhere where others can see, and where I would be embarrassed (within reason, of course, and we stay discreet in public areas, don't make others clean up, etc.). Personally, I prefer holding to wetting, and like to think that he gets something out of seeing me squirming in pain, too. But, this means that we usually end up in a battle of his will versus my bladder when it comes to omorashi.

This particular night, we on one of our weekly date nights. The plan was to go to check out a big outdoor mall sort of thing on the other side of town, grab a bite to eat, then head to a sort of club where it was acceptable for my partner could get his exhibitionism fix, let's say. I had drunk about 1.5 liters of water before we left, to get me warmed up, and brought another bottle with me, which I drank on the drive over. By the time we got to the shopping center, I remember having to go pretty badly already, probably up at a 7/10, but I had to endure a long walk from the car to the center itself (this was a very big outdoor mall, and bigger parking lot).

Just to torture me probably, our first stop was an arcade. This was all a while ago, but I remember playing a few games of air hockey (which I lost, probably thanks to spending most of the time with my legs crossed, wincing in pain every time I had to lean to hit the puck), and one of those arcade shooters – probably Time Crisis, or something. After we'd both died, he gave me a look-over and asked, “You okay there?,” which was basically code for “Are you still dry?”

I said yes – I was not about to wet my pants in the middle of a busy arcade, especially the ones I was wearing at the time, so I'd been holding on for dear life (for anyone who wants a mental image, I was wearing light colored well-fitting jeans and briefs, so a small slip up on my part would probably have been visible). I was surprised when the next words out of his mouth were “Want to go pee?,” but more than anything, I wanted to take the opportunity to not wet myself before we'd even had dinner. I shook my head yes. He took my hand, and led me to the restroom in the arcade, which I quickly used.

I knew we weren't done though, and before long, he'd bought me another bottle of water to drink, and he told me to drink it up quickly. We walked around a bit more before dinner, including by a fountain that I was very grateful we had visited after the restroom, not before. By the time we'd sat down at a restaurant, my bladder was starting to fill again. It didn't help that he kept asking the waiter to refill my water. By the time we had taken our sweet time eating – or he took his, more like – and we paid the check, I was probably back around a 6 or 7/10. I swear I caught a sadistic grin on his face as I winced trying to stand up and we left the restaurant.

(I've got to be off for now, but I hope you've enjoyed the set up at least!)

*002*2020-10-13 23:14

Well, I'm glad a couple people liked it! I had almost forgotten about this! To continue on...

So we got up and left the restaurant, me still in pain, and began to walk around the outside areas of the mall. What I thought was us taking the long way back to the car actually turned out to be way more sadistic – he bought us each a small ice cream, and walked me back over to the large fountain I mentioned earlier. There's no way I'd have made it through that dessert dry if I hadn't gone to the bathroom earlier. Thinking back, I'm actually surprised I made it through that. “Having fun?” He asked me. Again, he meant it both literally and in the “Still dry?” sense.

“Yup!” I answered, as cheerfully as I could. I know I sounded a little strained by that point.

“Good,” he said, with that smile again. “I love you, baby.” And then, that sadistic, romantic, sadistic bastard pulled me in for a kiss, putting oh-so-painful pressure on my bladder. I could feel it just about to burst out and down my shaft, but I exhaled and moaned in pain, barely managing to hold it in.

“Ready to go?” he asked. By then, we were basically done with dessert, so we finished up and walked back to the car. For real, this time, I hoped. Once we were out of earshot of other people, he started to be a little more direct with his questions.

“How bad do you have to go?”

“Really badly,” I told him, honestly.

“You gonna make it?” his voice took on dominant but teasing tone that always made my stomach knot. “It's about a twenty minute drive, and I don't want wet seats.”

“I'll try,” I said, dreading the drive to the club. I looked back at the mall, and we were well away from it. The parking lot was huge, and even though I’m sure we were closer to the car than any restroom, the parking lot was huge, and we were not at all close to the car. I stuck my hand in my pocket and grabbed myself as we walked between rows of cars. Suddenly, I felt a strong, dull pain in my stomach, and had to bend over between two empty cars and use my other hand, too. “Babe…” I called out, strained.

He stopped and looked back at me. “Uh oh,” he said mockingly. “I thought you said you were okay!”

“I was,” I said weakly.

“Do you need to let some out?” he asked, seriously.

I shook my head. No way I could keep it together in front of the crowds while we looked for a bathroom. “I don’t want to walk all the way back.”

“I wasn’t going to let you,” he said plainly.

It took me a while, but I groaned and shook my head “no” as I realized what he must have meant.

He walked towards me, grabbed my arm and started pulling me. “Then let’s get going,” he said. He’s always been ridiculously impatient. Luckily, I still had my other arm free, and it stayed firmly in my pocket as I whined in pain and grabbed as firmly as I could.

He started making fun of my whining as he was dragging me along. “Aww, poor baby. It’s okay. We're almost at the car anyway.” And by that point, we were. He got into the driver's seat and started the car, but I just stood in front of the open passenger door.

“What's wrong?” my partner asked. When he saw the worried look on my face, he put two and two together and laughed. “Come on, I'll help.” He put his hand out to help me up. I always was a little short for his car, bursting to pee or not. I grabbed his hand and the handle on the passenger side, then tried to lower myself into the seat as carefully as possible. The movement and compression on my bladder were too much for me though, and I let out a panicked moan and my first leak for the night. Not a lot, but enough to leave a small but obvious coin-sized sign on my jeans. Worse, my briefs were wet now. I’m sure I don’t have to tell anyone here how much worse it gets once you can feel the wetness against yourself.

“Ooohh,” he chuckled, with a huge grin on his face. “I bet that hurt.” He enjoys my discomfort during our games, and I enjoy that he enjoys it. But right now, all I could do was nod in response as I tried not to leak any more, until I heard him making a “tsk tsk tsk” sound. I opened my eyes to see him looking straight at the wet spot on my jeans. He played around with the fabric of my jeans so he could get a good look at how much I had leaked. “I guess it really did, huh buddy? We'd better hurry up.” I couldn't have agreed more.

And, oh boy, was I in for a painful drive...

*008*2020-10-22 00:22

Thank you for the upvotes everyone! I am amazed people actually like my story! Ha ha.

I didn't expect the mods to approve my post so quickly, so I haven't gotten around to writing much more, but I wanted to get what I've written so far out there. Hope you all enjoy! This is probably the second to last part.

The next however many minutes were probably some of the most intense desperation I'd ever experienced. I only remember a few parts of the drive to be honest, but I think I spent most of it with my eyes squeezed closed, legs squeezed together and pushing against the passenger seat floor. I was trying to come as close to standing as I could so that I wasn’t putting pressure on my bladder, basically. Every time I stopped doing that or tried to bend at my stomach, I just felt like I was about to burst, and the feeling of my wet underwear was almost teasing me as it was. Luckily we were on the highway, so there were not many bumps or slowing down, which I was thankful for, at least at first.

I think I spent at least the first half of the drive like that. I felt like I was balancing myself over a pit or something - one wrong move, or if my legs got too tired, and I'd be soaked and humiliated. I knew my partner wouldn't turn around because I was wet. We *were* going to this place, whether I held it or whether I ...didn't. I hadn't ever humiliated myself like that before (at least, not to the extent I would do if I lost it then), and I didn't really want to try it now.

I opened my eyes to peek at where we were. I was starting to think that I’d make it to our next stop in one piece and, more importantly, mostly dry! But I shut my eyes again for a second, and after a short while, I felt us slowing down. It was killing me, the pressure of my seat belt against my stomach, and it felt like the momentum of everything in my bladder was trying to fly forward out of my bladder! I squeezed my legs harder, but managed to hold it in. I looked around and felt my stomach sink when I saw a traffic jam, and heard my partner laughing at me. I went back to squeezing my legs and moaning in pain and smacked my partner playfully after he accelerated and braked way harder than normal - by accident, I’m sure, but it felt like needles trying to work its way out of me.

I went back to my own little world of pain for a moment, and I suddenly heard water flowing and my partner giggling. He’d put on a YT video over the car speakers. I couldn’t think about anything but stopping that sound. I told him to turn it off, but he was too busy laughing, so I grabbed his phone out of its holder and shut it off and pushed the power button on the car stereo. I didn’t even notice that I had had sat back down in the seat fully, but with the sound off, I suddenly felt the pain – and worse, I felt a warm tickling running down between my legs! 

I stretched my legs out again and reached into my pocket, squeezing myself through my underwear as best as I could, which wasn’t very well. I could feel that my briefs were pretty wet, and my pocket was now, too. I panicked when I remembered that my jeans were a light blue, and we were on our way to one more stop. It wouldn't take much for everyone to know what I was doing. I looked down and checked myself – nothing, thank goodness. I reached my hand between my legs, and my backside felt dry too. I'd almost say I almost felt relieved! (I know some people don’t like it when we involve others with this, so I should say – we were going to a very much “everything goes” sort of place. No one would have cared if I walked in with wet pants. I’m just not outgoing enough to do that willingly and was trying not to humiliate myself!)

We’d exited the highway by that point, and I recognized where we were. My bladder was loosening in anticipation of a toilet, and I pushed harder against the car floor to take more pressure off. I started getting my things together to get out of the car and get into the bathroom. We turned the corner, and I swear I must have yelped, probably leaked a little too, and my partner started laughing.

There were at least ten people in line!

*013*2020-11-16 01:01

OK! The final bit of the story! Sorry I've been gone for so long, real life, inspiration and such, you know how it goes. I am flattered that so many people want me to keep going though!

We parked, and I sat in the car for a while, wondering what the heck I was going to do, aside from likely pissing myself. My partner was the first one to talk. “You can get the bags, right?” We had each brought a bag to bring in. I was going to protest, but he was already out of the car. I undid my seatbelt, which helped a little, and opened the door. I put my legs out of the door, one at a time, and kind of slid down out of the car. I winced as my feet hit the ground and sent a spike of pain into my bladder. I grabbed myself to keep any from coming out.

I picked up the two duffels we brought along and was thankful that I had something to cover myself with now, even if they were a little heavy and awkward to carry. I shut the door and walked around the side of the car to get in line behind my partner, when suddenly the car honked. He’d locked it remotely, and hit the button one too many times, and I wasn’t expecting it – I jumped forward and couldn’t help it as I leaked into my pants. I felt a small trickle of warmth and wetness spreading and stopped where I was with the bags over my crotch.

I actually got it back under control pretty quickly, and walked over to the line, hunched over, and kicked my partner in the shin. He was laughing – I don’t think he noticed my little incident. But my underwear was definitely wet by now, and I was very thankful for the bags. I must have made a face while I was thinking about my wet underwear, because my partner moved a bag away from my crotch and looked at me with his head cocked to the side. “You doing okay, there?”

“No…” I said, honestly.

“You want me to hold our spot while you go find somewhere around back?”

I shook my head “no.”

“I want to hold it,” I told him, and I did – I was just becoming less sure that I could. Only one person had gone in since I’d gotten in line, and I was in bad shape.

He gave my pants another look. “Okay,” he said, and grinned. He obviously wasn’t sure I could.

It actually got pretty boring for a while, but it was still extremely painful. I got to the point where I was sort of twitching with the nervousness and effort of holding it in, occasionally jerking my arms, legs or neck, as much as I could while holding the bags, anyway. I was sweating by this point as well, almost to the point like I had been doing cardio or something. The line was moving incredibly slowly, and I was in pain still, but nothing was really changing. I’d bounce up and down occasionally, bend forward, try to control my breathing, jiggle and twitch my legs… You guys know the moves, I’m sure.

When there were maybe five people left in line, I noticed someone getting in line behind me. I stayed facing forward, trying not to draw attention to myself. I noticed my partner looking behind me a bit, though. After a few glances, he moved my bags and cover off to the side. “You doing okay still?” he asked.

“As well as I was last time,” I said.

“Oh yeah? Let me check.” He stuck his hand out and into my crotch, presumably just to feel how wet I was. He started tutting, and asked “Uh oh, what’s all this?” Before I could respond, his other hand flew to my bladder and pressed, not super hard, but hard enough. I let out a leak right into my pants and onto his hand.

I yelped at the sharp pain, and I must have been a little loud, because one of the people in front of us looked behind him and gave me a look. I looked away as I felt the left side of my underwear and a bit of my upper left thigh get warm and wet. Luckily I’d put my bags back for cover, so he didn’t see anything and went back to looking towards the front. I saw my partner looking behind me like he was making eye contact with the person behind me, but I was way too embarrassed and nervous to turn around and look (he told me afterwards the guy behind me in line seemed interested, and he was trying to get me to give him a show). I gave my partner another kick, which gave me a sharp stab in my bladder and cost me another drop or two, so I bent over and tried to grab myself through my pocket to stop myself.

“Want to go find somewhere to take the pressure off?” he asked me. I almost thought it was a serious offer.

“No,” I whispered back.

He gave me a seductive look and reached his hand out towards my pants again. “You want to let some pressure off right here?”

“No!” I whispered in a panic, and blocked his hand. “I want to make it inside!” It really was tempting to go and find a private spot on the side of the building somewhere, but I was embarrassed enough, and didn’t want to reveal myself like that. It sounds stupid typing it out – I was already in soaked briefs, with a saucer sized wet spot on my crotch, a sharp pain in my stomach telling me that I was about to lose it, I was twitching, panting and sweating, and I’m sure anyone who looked at me for more than a second could tell what was going on – what difference would it make if I just went against a wall somewhere far away, right? Part of me was afraid of peeing in public like that, another part of me wanted to not *completely* humiliate myself by giving up and going against a corner of the building or something, what with that being illegal and all, and part of me just didn’t want to give up. I wanted to be able to hold it, and to be able to say I made it through the pain.

The rest of my waiting in line was extremely painful and tiring, but probably not really interesting. I was sweating and panting with the effort of holding it in, my legs started to feel like Jell-o, and everything down there was kind of starting to fade to a numbness and the occasional slightly sharp pain. I seriously considered just pissing myself right there in line, I was so exhausted. Or worse, I considered what would happen if I couldn’t keep from pissing myself right there in line and just lost it. I thought about letting just a little out to take the edge off of the pressure, but I stopped myself – I knew if I let any out intentionally, I wouldn’t be able to stop. But my bladder still contracted a few times, and twice, I think, I felt a sharp stabbing pain and lost control for a short time, just enough for a small spurt, but I got control back after a heart-stopping second or two of leg-crossing and heavy breathing. 

I tried to keep myself from groaning in pain as I did, but I know I whimpered some, probably loud enough for my new friend behind me to know what was happening. It was definitely loud enough that my partner knew what was going on, and he smirked each time I made a noise. I could tell from his expression he was excited at the idea of me losing it while we were in line. Every time I regained control, he seemed a little disappointed, but I think he was also still happy that my pain wasn’t over yet. Once or twice, he moved the bags out of the way to see how bad I was and gave me a little “tsk tsk tsk.” By the time we made it to the front of the line to check in (I honestly have no idea how long it was), I think my thighs were wet about a third of the way to my knees, but my bags could still hide it from the front. I have no idea how I looked from the back, but I’m sure it wasn’t great.

I think I barely managed to get out my ID and keep myself covered. I really didn’t want the door guy to see that I was about to wet myself all over his floor, but luckily he was behind a counter, so the counter obstructed everything below my painfully bulging waist. It was probably just a couple minutes as the door guy did whatever he needed to do to let us in, but it seemed like another wait in line all over again. I was tired of standing, so I leaned back against the wall, crossed my legs and tried to cover myself. My leaning over only put more pressure on my bladder, and I felt another splash enter my briefs. I moaned, and heard a few drops on the concrete floor and felt a drop or two splash my shoes underneath my bottom (I’m pretty sure they were high top canvas shoes if anyone cares about them – I get the impression a few people might). Luckily since I had my legs out in front of me, it didn’t really go down them so much.

My partner looked over to me as if he were scolding me. “You’re almost there! Hold it.” He reached out and poked into my stomach, and I kicked his shin. He didn’t hit my bladder, luckily, or I’m sure it would have been over for me then and there! But I a few drops leak out anyway, just not onto the floor or my shoes this time.

We got buzzed in finally, and I stood up straight, and winced when I felt just how soaked my underwear was. I didn’t dare look behind me in line or downwards, I just tried to keep it together and followed my partner to the room we’d rented. There were plenty of people around now that we were inside, and I was visibly wet. I don’t remember anyone looking at me – I think I actually managed to cover myself up – but I remember my cheeks burning hot with embarrassment. I swear my partner took a few circles on our way to the room, but I didn’t know the way, and was so focused on holding that I didn’t pay any attention to where we were going.

Finally – freaking finally – we got to the room. He started to unlock the door, but he did it a little too slowly. “Hurry! Please!” I begged him, bouncing up and down as I was standing there.

He looked at me sideways and gave me an awful grin. He held the key up a little … and dropped it. “Oops!” he giggled, “Can you get that for me babe?”

I gave him a look and kicked him again. Slowly, I propped myself up against the wall and with the doorknob and lowered myself down onto my knees. I grabbed the key and opened the door, still on my knees and arms full of stuff. I tried to prop myself against the wall and sort of inch my way up, but as I started, my bladder contracted. I stayed on the floor trying to ride it out, but someone was coming through the hallway, and I needed to move so he could pass. My partner just grabbed my arm and pulled me up. I think I heard a hiss come from my pants, I definitely felt it, but I just shoved my way through into the room, tossed my stuff on the bed and started doing my belt.

“Ah ah ah,” my partner said, telling me to stop.

“What?!” I was breathing heavily and frantic now, with a toilet being just a few feet away and piss trickling down my thighs.

“Put your hands against the wall first,” he said.

I paused, not quite sure what he meant. “…what?” I said again.

“You can’t go yet. Put your hands on the wall,” he said.

I groaned, took my hands off of my belt buckle, and leaned against the wall in the room with my hands up against it. He started feeling me up through my clothes, right next to the open door, as people were walking by – and I didn’t have the bags on me to cover anything up anymore! I hid my face in my arm as he started feeling my stomach and bladder, pausing around my bladder just to feel how full I was, pressing a few times just to tease me, but I think I held on. 

I really couldn’t feel anything by then. He started feeling my pants to see how wet I was – it had spread nearly down to my knees by now – and started playing with my nipples through my shirt. Turns out, that’s apparently a weakness for me, and I started dribbling into my pants again. I flinched and asked him to stop, but naturally, he didn’t. I started squirming and pulling away from him, but he followed me. I tried to grab myself to stop the leaking, but his hand was already down there. We kept at it, and by the time he got bored of it, the crotch of my pants was glistening wet.

Finally, he let me take my pants off, for all the good it did now. I moved to use the toilet, but he stopped me – he told me to put my sandals on and follow him. We went out of the room down the hallway, me in just my wet underwear and sandals, trying to hide what was happening as best as I could. We passed a person or two, but they didn’t seem to look at me.

We ended up at a shower, one that was mostly visible to passers-by (remember the exhibitionism fix I mentioned?) and he told me to get on my knees. I did as he told me, and as my knees hit the ground, my bladder just contracted full force. I couldn’t hold it anymore. I’ll spare the non-omo details, except to say that he turned on the shower, which I was glad was a bit of cover for me, sort of – and I just lost it while I was down on my knees in front of him. I didn’t even bother to check if people were watching us at that point, I was just taken in by the relief and the warm shower and knelt there moaning until I was empty.

That's where I will leave off! I am glad some people seemed to enjoy it! I will try to write up more stories then. I have a few more of the two of us, and a couple that are just me. If anyone has a preference let me know!

