Just had a real accident

Author: benwet123

*000*2011-05-20 12:23

I was sat in my room on my laptop, I needed to pee a little but it wasn't particularly uncomfortable. I had been drinking a lot of water throughout the day but it didn't seem to have reached my bladder yet. By the way my family was home so I wasn't going to wet. All of a sudden I just got a sudden wave of desperation, as if all the water I had drank suddenly went to my bladder at the same time. I decided to go to the bathroom. I was really desperate then. When I was just inside the bathroom door, I had another wave of desperation and I sort of keeled over in pain. I was crouched down trying to unbutton my jeans, so I tried to release the pressure by spurting like 2 seconds of pee into my jeans, big mistake, I couldn't stop.

It just started coming out splashing on the bathroom tiles and making a massive puddle. I was so shocked I didn't know what to do because my family were home and my jeans were soaked. I wiped up the puddle with a towel waited for my jeans to stop dripping, then made sure no-one was near and ran to my bedroom. I then hung my jeans. I opened my window and turned my fan on to try and air the room to speed up the drying. I thought it was over but when I walked out my room, I realized that the puddle I made had spread under the bathroom door and the carped was soaked, luckily my pee was dilute so it didn't smell. I went and got a drink of water and spilt it on purpose over the puddle, making a big deal of it, so my family wouldn't suspect. It was a close call though!

