My Pullup Moment

Author: Missypee

*000*2016-04-29 12:14

Most days I wear pull-ups to work . Either Molicare Mobile or Tena Discrete. They fit so neat under my pants, nobody apart from my boss would be able to tell.

I started wearing them after having an accident at work a couple of years ago, where my bladder had a " blond" moment and decided to empty itself without my permission and leave me highly embarrassed and having to send a frantic email to my boss to "cover for me" while I discretely slipped out to change my pants. My boss changed my pee sodden chair and sent a return email about buying her lunch !! Which I had no problem agreeing to . No one ever found out about my accident.

I have a weak bladder, so sometimes when I get caught on the phone I would be literally weeing myself by the time I got to the bathroom, which by the way must have designed by some male who had a nasty streak or was a closet Omo fan. Our bathrooms are seemingly light years away from our office.

So I made the decision to wear pull-ups to work, its something I have never regretted . Not only does it cover me for those "leaky" moments, it gives me the chance to have some Omo fun or simply sit there and quietly wet myself while I am at "work".

Today was going to be no different, except it was cold drizzly and miserable. For some fun when I got dressed this morning I put a pair of plastic pants on over the top of my pull up. I love this combination, and seeing I had made my pants damp after over doing the "see how much it can hold" I thought it would be safer than risking wetting my pants again .

I have a pair of Suprima plastic pants with a wide waist band that are so comfy to wear I hardly know I have them on .

My day was going as normal until I got a email telling me that I had to present for a "Random" drug and alcohol test, which for those who don't know, means I had to go down to the medical centre, give a pee sample and wait around till the results were processed then go back to work .

At first I was miffed, I am very anti drug and I sort of get peed off for having to do it in the first place, but it is a condition of our employment so I had to comply.

Besides I cant remember the last time I had to do one.

Then I remembered ............. OMG!! I am wearing a pull up and plastic pants and I had peed a little in my diaper just for fun.

I was nearly going to change first, but then decided I am in a cubicle and no one is going to see me anyway, why bother .

It wasn't until I entered the room where the testing was done that I saw the toilet cubicle had a glass wall so the nurse could witness me, peeing a "clean" sample.

I gave her my details, she gave me the test sample cup, it was then my heart began to race . There was no way I could pull my pants down and wee in the cup without her noticing what I was wearing .

So I took a deep breath at first then I thought "be proud of who you are" I decided not to try and even hide the fact I was wearing protection . Somehow I felt the strangest pang of exhibitionism, I was going to make sure she could see what I was wearing before I undressed and sat to give my sample.

I couldn't believe how much my heart was pounding as I slowly lowered my work pants to reveal my pull up neatly cocooned inside my plastic pants, knowing she was looking at me through the side window to make sure I didn't "tamper" with my pee sample. I pretended not to notice the one way view side window as I slowly and methodically dressed myself . I dressed, opened to door and passed my wee sample to her . Her face was bright red, she was obviously embarrassed, but I was "glowing" inside . I sat down in the office while she did her checks, she didn't even speak to me. I had cut my wee off after I peed in the cup . Now I was feeling especially naughty so I just relaxed and peed my diaper . OMG that warm flush ............ I could have ........ but didn't !!

What an enjoyable moment sitting waiting and peeing. Finally my test was done, of course I passed collected the results to take back to the office and walked out the door with the biggest smile on my face.

I couldn't believe what I had just done. I stopped of at my locker before going back to work to change and freshen myself up .

I really did have an enjoyable day after all

*006*2016-04-29 23:09

Say 10 years ago there would be no way on earth I would have been so brave either, but the older I get the more adventurous I am getting and I am finding out its fun too

*010*2016-05-10 05:14

{{On 6/05/2016 at 1:37 PM, inconnue said:

Congradulation Missypee. When i started reading it realy looked like you where going to freshen up before the exam but congrats again on confrontist this dilema.

Lazy is the way to go.

}}

To be honest, I didn't expect to be witnessed peeing, or I probably would have not been so brave. Regrets ..............absolutely none

*014*2016-05-17 11:45

What a great idea Lucy !!

