Wetting Myself after Holding in College

Author: Drewster88

*000*2021-10-26 22:58

Hello all,

I'm not new here, but I've barely ever posted, and as a guy I don't expect this to get many views or comments.

However, I want to share an experience I had back in university.

I've been into wetting for as long as I can remember. Long before I had internet and porn access. But one fantasy that developed after I discovered wetting porn was a desire to become so desperate that I literally couldn't hold it and I wet myself uncontrollably, having a legitimate accident. Possibly even in public.

So, one day in university, after class during the evening, I decided to try something. I got home from class needing to pee pretty bad, but I didn't go. I drank a couple glasses of water and decided to run a few errands. I went to Wal-Mart, got some groceries, enjoyed the sunset overlooking the river in our city, etc.

Of course by that point I was getting pretty desperate, to the point where the bladder was hurting a decent amount. Of course, being confined inside of restrictive blue jeans and boxers wasn't helping

But I still didn't let go. I decided that I was going to stop putting off the car wash I had been meaning to give my car. I figured, stuck in the car, high pressure running water all around me for 7 minutes... what could go wrong?

I bought my car wash in the gas station, walk/ran out to my car, and drove into the entryway for the touchless car wash. Luckily I was the only one in line so I got to go in right away. My bladder was screaming!

I punched in the code, the door to the wash opened up, and I drove in.

The wash cycle started and I was right - this was going to be a tough hold. I was getting excited about the possibility of peeing my pants in my car uncontrollably (I had leather seats so it would have been fine), but then I realized something. I would have to park on the street once I got home, and walk in broad daylight in front of people's living room windows in my condo complex to get to my condo's front door, all in VERY visibly wet jeans. I would also have to get lucky that neither of my roommates would be in the kitchen/main floor area when I got home, or else they'd notice too! I hadn't planned any way around that - no sweater to cover myself with, no towels for the car, nothing.

So I actually started freaking out a little and legitimately fought against a possible flood in my pants in the car, as the water poured and pounded outside my car.

I somehow made it through the wash, happy to be dry but knowing I didn't have long. I drove home, planning to go immediately into the condo, upstairs into the bathroom tub, and let it all out in my jeans.

But by the time I got home, the pain in my bladder had subsided enough that I made an incredibly foolhardy decision... I would go for a walk around the very large block our condo complex was on, and enjoy the last of the sunset, just to see how far I could push my bladder. Maybe I'd start dribbling

So, off I went, and it was fine. For the first half of the walk. The entire block was probably about 1/2 a kilometre, or about 1/4 of a mile to walk around it. At the halfway point my need to pee came surging back with force, and I almost pissed myself on the sidewalk, beside a main roadway with cars whizzing by, in front of a pretty girl walking her dog!

I managed to somehow hold it yet again, but I wasn't sure if I was going to make it back home again. And since I was halfway around the block, there were no shortcuts back. One way or the other would be the same distance.

So I kept going, clenching every muscle I had to keep that pee in my bladder and out of my jeans. Again, I wanted a genuine accident, and I was turned on, but I didn't want the embarrassment of walking in visibly peed pants past my neighbours and my roommates.

I honestly don't know how I made it back because every 10 steps it felt like I had to walk slower and bend over a little to avoid wetting myself entirely. All while trying not to look like a weirdo doing a pee-pee dance.

I made it into the condo, and lo and behold, my roommate was in the kitchen making supper! He started talking to me, asking me where I had gone, discussing something about his classes that day, etc. I did my best to make non-hyperventilated chit chat in response, all while freaking out inside. Luckily there was a big wall pillar between the entrance and the kitchen, so he couldn't see me at all times, allowing me to dance and hold myself.

After about a minute or two of this conversation, my bladder burst. I felt the pee start spurting out of my cock and into my boxers and jeans. It was uncontrolled, just like I had wanted, but it was in front of my roommate, which was not at all what I wanted!!

Jet after jet of hot piss flowed out of my cock, each one more powerful than the last, soaking the front of my boxers quickly as I felt it start running down my clenched thighs.

Luckily, again, my roommate did not see me and I somehow made a comment that ended my portion of the conversation abruptly (something like, I have to head upstairs quick, I'll be back down in a bit). I bounded up the stairs to our second floor, peeing my jeans the entire way in big spurts. I managed to get control of it for a couple of seconds as I grabbed my laptop from my room, entered the bathroom, and locked the door.

Then I proceeded to jump in the tub just in time to let the floodgates burst open. Hot wet piss exploded into my pants and further soaked my crotch and ass, and cascaded in rivers down both legs front and back. I swear I peed my pants for 2 minutes straight. It's one of the wettest I've ever been! Everything was soaked, and my aching bladder finally had the chance to rest after probably 2 hours of holding after university. I sighed as my eyes rolled back in my head, enjoying the uncontrolled accident, the warmth of my pants, the naughtiness of what I almost did in public, and I proceeded to watch a bunch of wettingherpanties movies and masturbate to an amazing orgasm.

The end.

*004*2021-11-01 14:59

{{On 10/28/2021 at 10:58 AM, luvwetting said:

Hot story, sounds like real fun.

}}

It certainly was! I have since become a business owner in my small city and I've gotten married (she knows about my fetish), so I haven't dared to try something like this again.

{{On 10/28/2021 at 12:41 PM, BladderLad said:

Great story!! Glad you just about made it!!

}}

It made it so much better that I actually did start having an uncontrolled accident in front of my roommate (would have been even hotter if the roommate was female). The "almost made it but lost control" part was a huge turn on because it was one of my only wettings in my life that was actually uncontrolled. Usually I pretend I'm desperate, or I choose to let it go. This one was happening whether I wanted it to or not, and the partial panic of not wanting it to happen (the way it did) added to the hotness of it all.

*005*2021-11-01 15:04

{{On 10/28/2021 at 12:10 PM, Spectator9 said:

Urgency does come in waves. You think you're about to piss yourself and then it seems to ease off a bit. Oh, I can hold longer. But then - Oh, no you can't! You just barely avoided embarrassment - and perhaps revealing your fetish.

}}

Yeah, learned that the hard way almost! I honestly don't know what I would have done had I actually lost control when that second (third?) wave hit on the sidewalk by the girl and her dog. I would have been super embarrassed obviously, and also turned on I assume. I would have had that quarter mile to walk back home yet, in soaked jeans, on a very busy main road, past couples walking their dogs and stuff from the nearby neighbourhood, and then past my condo neighbours and my roommates. I would have been terrified that someone took pictures and posted them online, or everybody on the bus to university the next day would have heard and would recongize me.

