Wetting myself in my car

Author: maxpee

*000*2016-01-31 20:17

To give you guys some background, I will start telling what caused me to pee my pants. Since Friday I set a goal for myself to become more fit and to eat a little more healthy. So I decided to drink at least 2 litres of water a day. I started early in the morning with a big glass of water, grabbed myself a 0,5 litre bottle for the road and headed of to work.

I will not get into detail with the first part of my day, because otherwise the story would be way too long, but I will give you a short resume. I work as a speech therapist and I give those sessions in schools or I go to the people’s houses or I work in my office with my collegues. Anyway, Friday’s are always long days. I start working early and always have to drive around in my car a lot, from one place to another. I sometimes feel like I’m living in my car. When I’m working, I’m normally not drinking that much, because I find it kinda embarrassing to ask my patients if I can use their toilets while I’m working in their house.

So I rather hold it. I have a stash of diapers in my car and I often use them. Sometimes I put them on before I go to work or sometimes I put them on in my car when I’m in desperate need. Wearing a diaper to work, I do that with an average of once a week, but I do it more because I enjoy the feeling than because I actually need it. I mean, I can manage my toilet breaks and when I pee in the diaper, it’s often on my way back home, because I think it’s a waist not using a diaper what it’s designed for.

Anyway, I’m dwelling. Since I’m not used to drinking all that much water, my bladder ofcourse reacted. I drank the water at a steady pace, drinking from my bottle and refilling it constantly. The morning was rather calm, but in the afternoon I had to work way more. So I decided to wear a diaper, just in case of any emergencies. During the day I have been desperate more than once in front of my patients. Tugging my pants, shifting weight in my chair and crossing and uncrossing my legs. When I came home in the evening I counted the times I had peed during the day: 10 times of which twice in the diaper while I was waiting in my car to go to the next patient. I undid myself from the diaper and wore my normal turqoise panties again.

In the evening I met up with my best friend to go to a pub and have a chat. I already drank 1,75 litres of water during the whole day, so I had almost reached my goal. No giving up now. I ordered two waters during the evening while my friend was having some beers.

Knowing I had now drank more than 2 litres of water, some soda in my lunch break and some soda during dinner, my bladder probably had to deal with more than 3 litres of liquid during the whole day. At 00.15 I started to get desperate. The desperation came all of a sudden, while my friend was having a serious conversation, Thinking it would be rude to interrupt her, I just started shifting around in my chair again. I glanced over to the door of the bathrooms and right next to the door, I saw an ex collegue of mine. I had had a long day and I was getting really tired, so the last thing I wanted to do was pass by him and have some smalltalk. Sounds rude, but I really wasn’t in the mood for that, so I just waved at him. I thought I could manage to hold it until I was home, because that wouldn’t take much more time. We were both getting tired.

Just as suddenly as the desperation started, it dissapeared again and felt much more at ease. Around 00.45 we decided to go home. I had to drive my friend home, a seven minute drive. About halfway, we said how much fun it was to be able to spend our time like this: talking to eachother while driving into the night with the music out loud. My friend joked about making a detour or driving somewhere else to prolong the moment. Me, being the good friend, I immediatly slowed down the car and took a sharp right turn into another street. Thus started our detour!

But maybe that wasn’t such a good idea. We drove around for about 15 minutes and joked around. When we were about three minutes away from her house, the desperation reappeared. You know how you have these two kinds of desperation? The one were you can feel your bladder’s really full and it aches a lot and the one were you can feel that the piss is already in your urethra. It was the latter that hit me. We were still in our detour and I immediatly felt I wasn’t gonna be able to hold my pee for a long time. This was not good. I asked my friend if I could turn around and head home. She said it was alright. I started speeding like crazy. My friend knows about my fetish, so I was really embarrassed and I didn’t dare to start doing a pee dance in my car or pushing my hands between my legs to hold myself. She knows how I secretly enjoy this and I didn’t want her to make a comment about it. Instead I only pressed my legs together as hard as I could. I was getting really nervous.

My eyes flashed outside, looking for a place to pee when I dropped her off. But we were in the middle of the city, so no way I could just pee outside. Knowing I wasn’t gonna be able to hold it, I just hoped I would make it to her house so I could just let go when she stepped out of the car. The moment I pulled over to her driveway, I felt a huge spurt dampen my panties and dripping down toward my butt. I pressed my legs some tighter. All I could hope for was my friend getting out of the car really fast, but instead she opened the door so so slowly while still talking. Another spurt found it’s way out of my bladder.

She stepped out of the car, looked over and said goodbye. Another spurt. My legs were shaking, my hands making fists. Pee was pooling between my legs. Luckily my pants were black, so my friend wouldn’t be able to see what was happening. The moment she closed the door and waved, the gates opened. I glanced over at my lap while putting the car in reverse, and I saw the wetness spreading all over. No matter how hard I tried, my muscles wouldn’t tie up and I just couldn’t stop peeing. I gave up the fight and gave in to the feeling of my warm piss spreading all over my legs and my butt, before being absorbed by the carseat. I rubbed my hands between my legs and over the wetness. 30 seconds later I finally stopped peeing and I drove home sitting in my own piss.

When I parked the car in front of my house, I put some more pressure on my bladder and started peeing again. I was amazed by the amount of pee I could still let go. More wetness, more rubbing. I was enjoying this way too much. I opened the front door, hoping I wouldn’t run into my parents or my sister and quickly went upstairs. After undoing my wet pants and panties, I pulled a diaper out of my closet and put it on. I was so arroused about what just happened. After blowing off some steam and before going to sleep, I downed another big glass of water, just to make sure I had to pee in the middle of the night so I could use the diaper instead of the toilet. And so I did.

This was only the first day of me trying to stay hydrated. I wonder what the next days will bring ;)

