I made her pee her pants in my car

Author: StubbornBunny

*000*2018-03-04 05:24

This is a story about a girl I'm good friends with, who wet herself in my car whilst we was chilling together. For the story i will use the name Sophie for personal reasons ;@}

I had a day off work and decided to see a friend of mine to meet up and have a smoke together. I pulled up outside of her house to pick her up, and out she came in a winter fur coat, Tight blue jeans and a pair of high boots (If were wondering what she was wearing and she looked stunning). She got in and i drove her to my favorite place to smoke on a hill over looking the City, before i came out i drank a can of monster and needed the toilet but i told myself i could hold it as we would properly go for food after. We parked up and spoke for a while whilst smoking.

After we had finished smoking my urge to pee had increased quite a bit now but nothing close to me wetting myself, i said to Sophie "i need to pee, but its so cold out" (it had been snowing the past couple of days and was freezing outside) Sophie smiled at me and said "Yeah i'm really desperate too, the cold inst helping!" she said and we both laughed. At this point i was already turned on from holding my own pee and when she said she needed it too, it really turned me on. Whilst we was on the subject i told her about a story of a girl who wet herself in high school because she was laughing too much.

As i was telling the story i could see her squirming a little and i knew she was kinda desperate, i was trying to extend the story to see how desperate she would get before saying something(hehehe) After i finished telling the story, i could see her holding her crotch, and slowly rocking back and forth. I asked her "are you alright?" She replied "yeah i really need to go now can we drive somewhere else?" i replied "sure" and we set off. At this point i was thinking to myself i would love to see her pants, and so i started telling jokes and just being stupid to make her laugh, it was working and each time i made her laugh i could tell she was squeezing her crotch harder and rocking faster back and forth. She said "stop, otherwise your gonna make me pee" (i had just brought a new car and at this point i didn't care what mess it would make i could clean it again)

After she said that i got so turned on, as well as me needing a pee too made it even more enjoyable. I kept making her laugh whilst i was driving, i was trying to see how desperate she was getting when i wasn't paying attention and a light had turned red. I slammed my brakes on and stopped just in time. "as i braked, the seat belt i could feel push my bladder and made me nearly pee, i turned to Sophie and she had undone her belt i asked her "are you ok?" she said "I'm peeing I'm peeing let me out!!!"

I couldn't believe it, i unlocked her car door, as soon as she lifted her bum off the seat i could see a wet patch forming on her jeans which was leaking onto my car seat, she quickly squatted down outside of the car and i could hear her peeing. She said "i'm so sorry, i couldn't hold it anymore, it just started coming out!" (I was shocked at her reaction. I was expecting her too cry or be really upset but its like this had happened to her before) i said "it's alright, its my fault i should have been paying attention to the road"

"is it bad?" She looked up at me and her face had gone really red and i could tell she was a little embarrassed. She said "Yeah I've completely pissed myself, i didn't have time to pull my jeans down", i said "It's alright, i will take you home and no one will know what happened, i wont tell anyone." she waddled back to my car, and placed a plastic bag over the car seat and she sat down, at this point i was REALLY struggling to hold my pee and hide the fact that i had a huge erection from what had just happened. We finally arrived at her house and i dropped her off "Im so sorry i hope i haven't ruined your car" She said. "its alright, it was my fault i didn't know you needed to pee so badly!, i would have pulled over sooner, i can get my car cleaned again, its no biggy" i said. We hugged and i watched her walk to her house with her dark wet patch showing from her bum.

As soon as she was walking away i let myself go, i couldn't hold it anymore, piss started flooding into my sweatpants, it was like a river. i sat there pissing and it felt so fucking good. my erection had made my pee go up onto my t shirt and i felt this warmth cover me. i pulled down my sweatpants and boxers while I'm still peeing and let it go all over me. It felt so fucking good. After i had finished peeing i was sitting in a big puddle of my own piss and i started jerking myself off, i came almost immediately and it felt soooo good. I couldn't believe i had just seen my friend wet herself and she had no idea what i had just done. I drove back to my house and took a look at the damage. It was huge. my sweatpants were absolutely soaked, as well as my boxers. This turned me on again after seeing how much i had peed, and i started jerking off again, and quickly came all over my pissed drenched boxers.

We still meet up to this day and talk about it whilst were smoking or hanging out, she said it was kinda funny how it happened and she wasn't embarrassed anymore. This was my first encounter with seeing a girl wet herself hopefully i will have more story's to tell in the future! :P i hope you enjoyed, i sure did ;)

