Had to pee sooo bad

Author: Ally98

*000*2018-11-30 18:06

Literally the dumbest thing happened to me today. I got myself so desperate again I thought my bladder would burst.

So I have a part time job where I go and tutor this 6 year old boy Chinese every week. He's an Asian boy and his parent's don't know any proper Chinese so they want me teaching him. In case they somehow see this post and figure out who I am let's just call the boy Max from now on. Anyway, today was just like any other day, I go to his place and start my teaching. I usually give 2 hour lessons and today was no different.

Normally, I would empty my bladder before going to his place. I'm too embarrassed to ask to use their bathroom (DON'T ASK ME WHY IM JUST SHY T.T) and even in the past when I had too pee during lessons I would hold it till I was back home before I relieved myself. But today I had sort of a hectic schedule. I had lunch with a friend I haven't seen in a while and immediately hopped over to Max's place. I drank a bit too unreservedly during lunch and I was already feeling a slight urge to pee when I got to his place. Anyway, I held onto it and carried on with my lesson.

The need to pee made the lesson unbearable. At first, it was just a slight bother down there, which kept me from focusing on what I was doing. An hour later, the urge was growing into something quite hard to ignore. I kept crossing and recrossing my legs, eyeing longingly at the toilet. I kept practicing in my mind saying 'I'm sorry I need to use the toilet.' but I just felt too embarrassed to do it. Halfway through the lesson, Max's mom handed me freshly juiced orange juice and kept encouraging me to drink it. I found no polite way to refuse, and took several reluctant gulps. I could literally feel my pee hole tingling whenever I swallowed the juice.

Teaching Max is so difficult when you have a bursting bladder. He's the type that wouldn't sit still and chasing him around while needing to pee was a pain. I found myself cradling my bladder like a pregnant woman when he ran off with my pencil case and every step I took made me want to pee even more. I usually have all the patience for him but this time I simply had to pee way too badly.

When sitting down, I slipped my phone between my legs and pressed onto it so the corner would press onto my pee hole to relieve the pressure. But at some point even that wasn't enough so I slipped my hand down my skirt and quietly held myself. It worked fine until Max whispered to my ear 'Why do you have your hands in your skirt' and started laughing hysterically. I was so embarrassed I could feel my ears go red, and I swore I felt the urge to tape Max's mouth shut at that time.

The lesson finally ended, and but that time I was REALLY desperate. i quickly said bye to Max and his mom, and made a dash to the bus station. I think I was pretty naive to think I could make it back home at that state, but I was so desperate I wasn't thinking straight. I was hopping on spot, and luckily no one was there with me, so I held myself freely. While I was waiting I was starting to loose control. My panties were a little damp and I was holding myself so hard I can’t imagine myself riding on the bus in that state. 10 minutes later the bus came, but I made a bold decision to run back to Max’s place and ask for the toilet, something which I should’ve done an hour ago.

When I got to the door I rang the doorbell, but no one answered. For a second I feared they all went out or something. But then I heard Max’s voice coming from the backyard. Next to the house was a tall metal gate that led to the backyard. I stumbled over there, clutching myself to keep my pee from gushing out, and saw Max. He saw me and came over. I was quite frantic when I saw him and all I said was ‘please open the door for me’. He asked me why and asked why I was hunched. I told him I really had to pee and told him to let me in. Max then said whether I would pee myself if he didn’t let me in. At that moment I knew he was going to make a joke out of me. 

I did all I could and begged him to get his mom, but apparently she was working on something at the backyard and couldn’t hear us. I tried pulling the gate frantically but it was locked. Max kept taunting me and making water sounds, with no intention of letting me in. I was holding myself with both hands and so my skirt was a little rolled up, and Max said he could see my underwear and roared with laughter. I was so angry and hurt and desperate at that time I had no idea what to do. Luckily, right at that moment, Max’s mom came over to my rescue. I was so embarrassed that all I said was ‘I need to pee!’ and she quickly let me in. I ran to the toilet, yanked my panties down and peed and peed and peed.

After that I had a pretty awkward send off from Max’s mom telling me that I am always free to use their toilet. She was like ‘you poooor girl!’ and asked me how long I was holding my pee for. She also told Max off for taunting me though he’s a little boy and I pretty much forgive him now that its all over. And that was the end of that.

*003*2018-12-02 07:17

{{On 12/1/2018 at 2:50 AM, McLovin1 said:

Either Max is a mean kid, or he may have this fetish too!

}}

He’s a really nice kid just has a tendency to prank people XD

*006*2018-12-07 16:32

{{On 12/6/2018 at 10:30 PM, Max Capacity said:

I solemnly swear that I am not this Max.

}}

XD

*008*2018-12-11 16:56

{{On 12/9/2018 at 4:14 PM, wethulang said:

Are you studying in university now?

What do you major in?

}}

Literature

*010*2018-12-18 07:27

{{23 hours ago, blasseroz said:

So, at what point does the innocent pranking of a kid become the unacceptable meanness of adulthood?

}}

When he’s not a kid

