Holding while doing some chores

Author: Damnation

*000*2020-04-14 11:33

So, I have done this before, but I want to give it another try. My home is once again in a disastrous state and it stresses me out. I lack the good motivation, so I hope this helps. Last time it did!

If you’re interested in my last experience with this, you can read it here:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/30801-chore-holding-challenge/?do=embed"

I’ll use a bit different method than I used last time. I was thinking about dividing my home in 5 different zones: living room, bedroom, hallway, kitchen and bathroom. I’ll do 12 minutes of cleaning per room and after every room/12 minutes I’ll drink 1dl of water.

Kitchen

I was in a good mood, although I realized that I was craving for coffee and my back was hurting like hell. I started by emptying the dishwasher and then re-loaded it. Then I put hand washed dishes from drying cabinet to their places. At this point I had 4 minutes left. All good. Organized some dishes that need to be washed by hand in the side of the sink and washed the sink. Time was up and I drank 1 dl of water.

Living room

The living room was horror. There were clothes, a huge amount of different art supplies and all kind of random stuff lying all around the room. didn’t even try to place anything into their places. Instead, I made piles of similar stuff. I brought some dishes to the kitchen, some dirty clothes to the bathroom and folded some clean and dry clothes to the wardrobe. When time was up, I drank another 1 dl of water, went out for a cigarette and took the trash from toilet with me. I could already notice a slight urge, but it wasn’t anything to worry about.

Bathroom

I was going to do this one last but then I realized that it might be wise to do some laundry. I sorted the laundry by color and material and put some colored clothes into the washing machine. I washed the sink, put a new garbage bag to the bin and changed the hand towel into the clean one. Then it was time for a drink again. The need to use the toilet was much greater at this point but nothing I couldn’t handle. I would probably finish the task without issues. My crave for the coffee grew unbearable though, so I decided to make some.

Bedroom

I poured coffee into a pink Moomin mug and headed to the bedroom. I opened the curtains and the window so I could let some light and fresh air into the room. I washed my dildos and pacifiers that were lying on the bed. I took the bedding off the bed and started to put new but I couldn’t finish before the timer rang. I wasn’t desperate but I really was aware about my ever growing need to go. I finished my coffee and drank the water I was supposed to. One room to go!

Hallway

Now, it actually was hard to stay focused anymore. I wasn’t afraid of losing the control, but my bladder was crying for attention. I put jackets to hangers and brought dirty clothes into the laundry piles in the bathroom. I put shoes to the shoe rack and sorted my bills that were lying on top of the rack. I also organized my makeup table. When I finished, I drank my last 1 dl of water.

I am currently maybe somewhere around 5/10. I’m getting hungry, so it might be a good idea to make some food now. I’m trying to hold it and if I can do it through the cooking and eating, I’ll give myself permission to use the bathroom.

I wasn’t going to do anything hard: Tikka Masala add-only-water meal. At first, I needed to boil some water. I had to pour 6 dl water to the kettle and every deciliter was a torture for my bladder. Waves of desperation went through it every time I poured the water to the kettle. Oh boy, this wasn’t going to be easy. When the water started boiling, I put the meal into the water and there was going to be a 15 minutes wait. My bladder was begging help.

There was 8 minutes left and my bladder was in agony. I stirred the food while crossing my legs and looking probably silly because of my pee-dance. I really wasn’t sure if I’d make it. I stared the clock on my kitchen wall intensively as if it would have helped the time go faster.

4 minutes left and I knew that there was not going back anymore. My bladder would give up on me anytime now. I pressed my crotch hard with my other hand and kept stirring the food with another.

When the time was up, I shut the stove off and ran to the bathroom. I went from a 5/10 to emergency in 15 minutes, wow. There I was, standing in the bathroom, unable to do anything else than watch myself peeing myself. I was having black tights, so the wetness didn’t really show but I felt how my legs were getting more and more wet and warm. Some of the pee splattered through the tights and some flowed down my legs. When the stream ended, I lowered the tights to see my pink My Little Pony panties. They had obvious wet patch around the crotch, but bum and other parts were dry.

Obviously my home isn’t fully clean yet but it’s better! Now I’m going to eat my food and enjoy my relaxed feeling. Have a nice day!

*002*2020-04-14 13:47

{{8 minutes ago, Spurgle said:

Yikes... I REALLY enjoyed reading this. Those MLP knickers sound sooo adorable.

Next time I have to clean up, think I might borrow this idea

}}

They are super adorable indeed.

Yeah, I totally support it! The cleaning is a lot of more fun and exciting this way.

*004*2020-04-14 15:21

{{12 minutes ago, Nils JD said:

Cool, it sounds like a looooot of fun.

Also what a nice outfit! Were you barefoot?

Seems like I should try this, too.

}}

It totally was fun! The outfit was nice. I kinda hoped that the fabric of those tights would have behaved differently tho. I was having socks too, they were also soaked.

*008*2020-04-15 02:21

{{10 hours ago, Nils JD said:

Cute.

Yeah, I know that tights are strange sometimes. Same with my running tights. It feels like they get soaked more than my cotton pants which I wouldn't really expect...

}}

Yes! Those were really strange because they got super soaked but still didn't feel like absorbing the liquid at all.

{{5 hours ago, wettingman said:

Thank you for sharing this fun experience. I really enjoyed reading about it.

This is a game I enjoy playing myself. I can't pee until the tasks I chose to do are done. Even if I start leaking, I solder on. Sometimes, I have totally soaked myself, which makes me rush through my chores as my bladder still isn't empty , and I want to get out of my wet pants.

}}

Good to hear you liked it. I was planning to make myself different challenges as long as I clean my whole house but the motivation kinda totally dropped after I wet the first time.

{{1 hour ago, Holdit4me said:

What a great idea! I loved reading it, and if you have a similar adventure in the future, hope you decide to share it with us.

}}

Thank you. ^^ Might do!

*010*2020-04-16 08:09

{{4 minutes ago, mastert said:

Awesome story. Did you keep the wet tights and or panties on?

}}

Thank you! No, I didn't. The feeling of wet clothes/fabric isn't exactly amusing for me. It feels nice in the moment but not so much afterwards. :-) I could have kept the panties tho but I took them off too because I needed to shower/wash my legs. I put loose college shorts on after the shower and no panties at all. :'D

*018*2020-04-28 20:50

{{On 4/20/2020 at 2:08 AM, eru said:

Honestly, this is pretty much the only way i ever get anything done. it works amazingly well for exercise,too; interacting with my body while it's mildly uncomfortable (yet obviously satisfied, cuz lol omoroshi) works wonders for accepting it when it's not about to explode ~ ~

}}

Yeah, I think it adds some extra fun to anything. It doesn't work for me always tho but if I'm in a right mood, it certainly helps!

{{On 4/21/2020 at 11:16 AM, Spectator9 said:

When I have had a long list of household chores to do I've started off the day with several cups of coffee and then didn't allow myself to pee until a certain number of the chores were done. I found I worked a lot faster and got a lot more done in a given time period. More than once I couldn't hold it long enough and had to add laundry to the list.

}}

Yup. Can you stay motivated after accidents?

**

Thank you everyone!

