College bathroom hold and wet, but a real accident later

Author: Drakon

*000*2020-01-29 00:36

So this is a bit of a strange situation but bear with me.

I started my hold last night before bed and held it until I got to school (year 2 college/university) where I decided it would be best to hold in the restroom until I could no longer hold. I was wearing some cute pink jeans and a pair of gray ‘Pink’ panties. It took like an hour and a half as i casually read my ethics textbook while sitting on the toilet fully clothed. (It was before my class started and it was super un-busy around this time so i’m not depriving anyone of a stall). But as I got more desperate as I downed my water bottle it was too difficult to focus on my book, so I just hung around the discord chat. Little did I realize how quickly my desperation scaled. (I originally intended to hold until after class, but i was in the bathroom so no one would see me fidget. Also i had lined my panties with a thick nighttime pad in case i leaked during class).

It started as some sharp urges until I felt a telltale spasm as I leaked. Nothing too bad. But the leaks kept coming, and coming, so i stood up to try and hold some more with my hand between my legs. It worked! My desperation dropped from like a 10 to a 7, but it was short lived as not even a minute later I felt myself let out a large leak that lasted at least 6 seconds of start/stop. Around half a minute later I “lost control” and as it started to run down my legs, I sat on the toilet to avoid making a mess. Peeing never felt so good and it lasted a good while. I wrote about it on the discord and ended my hold, but like 5 minutes later I had to pee really bad again, so I went as I was still sitting on the toilet in my pants.

Yet, this was still not the end of the hold! 10 minutes after that I fully soaked myself again (like a 20 second pee that was even hissing in my pants)! It was bliss but I never knew I could pee so much so fast.

After the wetting I changed into some gray leggings with a shiny black skater skirt and went to class.

(Nothing eventful happened in class, but I felt a small urge to pee near the end).

After class I went to the nearest restroom and looked in my bag to check on the pink jeans I wet earlier. Surprisingly since the material is so thin (those stretchy forever 21 jeans) they were mostly dry! (A little damp by the butt but not visible.) I decided to change back into the old panties and jeans and planned on doing a similar wetting on the toilet.

I left the building and had to take a 5 minute walk across campus to get to the building where my next class would be. I approached the bathroom (the same one I wet in earlier) and it was pretty busy since everyone got out of class and it was like 11:30 am. Crowded hallway, but I managed to enter the bathroom. All of the stalls were occupied so I patiently waited my turn, as I was at like a 4/10. When a stall finally opened, I politely entered as the other lady exited, turned around to close the door and it happened: I was having a legitimate accident. I couldn’t believe it! Like I was at a 4/10 why is there pee running down my legs? 

At this time I realized I should probably close the stall door the rest of the way. I struggled as I fumbled with the dumb handle and then had to hang my bag up (couldn’t set it down like I usually would as there was a puddle forming where I stood) and hung up my coat. By this time I had finished soaking myself and I was quite horrified and pleased. I accidentally got my shoes wet (something I didn’t plan for). I had finally lost control for like the first time ever, but there were people in here, theres a puddle on the floor, and its slowly spreading towards the stalls next to me. (I felt really bad but planned on cleaning it up when people left).

Either I was lucky that the people in the stalls next to me finished up before it spread to them, or they didn’t notice it as the floor often has mysterious drips on it, but no one commented. After the bathroom was clear I went to grab some toilet paper to wipe up the puddle, but there was none in this stall! Frustrated, I grabbed my stuff and moved to a few stalls down (without a pudde) to grab some toilet paper from. But luck was not with me this time and the custodian walked in and started cleaning the sink, and checked on the toilet when she discovered the tell tale puddle...

I feel bad but she mopped it up. Although she sounded a bit upset (not quite angry, maybe annoyed? Confused how someone could miss that bad? I dunno.) She never saw that it was me, but I changed back into my skirt and leggings and went about my day.

It turns out my bladder was weakened by this hold and if I stand with my legs apart and slightly bent I’m having difficulties holding it...

The first 2 pictures are from my hold wetting, the last 3 are from my accident.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

