Double accidents

Author: Malatesta

*000*2021-12-10 13:57

Hi everybody, I have a question for you: have you ever had a" double accident"? Have you ever pissed and pooped your pants at the same time? I'm not into messing, but this particular situation can be fascinating.

It happened to me twice:

1) When I was 21 I was robbed, at night, by two knife-harmed guys. The sudden shock caused me the complete loss of the control of bowels and bladder. It had not been an exciting experience at that time. Returning home with the soaked trousers and the filled briefs had been very humiliating. Luckily that night my roommate wasn't at home. It had become an interesting experience only recently, for me.

2) I was 24 or 25, I had an entire free afternoon and I planned a good wetting. It was summer, and I wore only a pair of grey undies. While I was holding my pee, I realized that I had also to poop but I ignored it. I imagined that I could manage both things: pissing in my pants and then pooping in my toilet.

I waited half an hour and the need to poop become simply unbearable and I understood that I could not hold pee and poop. In order to avoid a mess, I decided to go to the toilet but, at this point, it was too late. Suddenly, my body rebelled and I pooped my briefs. In the precise moment I unintentionally messed myself, I started to pee. Firstly only a gush, but then a cascade, I felt my abdominal muscles tired and I couldn't stop the flow.

I was hyperexcited and in the shower I had one of my most memorable orgasms of my life.

*002*2021-12-13 18:10

{{On 12/10/2021 at 7:46 PM, strokeknight2 said:

Was no point in fighting it at that point

}}

I lived the sensation, yes. But I wasn't leaking pee, in fact I wasn't able to pee before I emptied my bowels. But then, the deluge...

*004*2021-12-14 14:01

I think that is fairly common to have fear wetting+messing, too.

*012*2021-12-19 11:47

{{18 minutes ago, tanin said:

So at first - were you desperate for a pee while having messing accident - if not, I may suspect that it's harder to wet yourself, you're not 'pushing', poop is just going out without your will.

}}

It's true. But, according to my experiences, to the stories I heard and also the videos I saw, it's commond to dribble some drops of pee while pooping. I saw some videos of guys (but also girls) that involuntary wet a bit their underwear while they messed themselves.

*018*2021-12-30 15:47

{{1 hour ago, Imabedwetter said:

So there I was standing in the bathroom with undies full of poop and pee running down my legs.

}}

A gorgeous image.

