Getting wet in a rainstorm

Author: kilianj74

*000*2021-05-18 13:07

Since I was young I have always loved being caught in a rainstorm and getting soaked through. I don't know why but for me there is something romantic about it. I love the freshness of being drenched outdoors, and then coming in for a hot shower. Another thing I have done on occasion is wet myself in the hot shower as I figured my boxers were already wet from the rain.

I read a lot of stories about people being so wet by a rainstorm that they thought they could get away with peeing themselves and no-one would notice. Sometimes this seems to work, and sometimes not.

Today it was raining quite heavily outside, and my garden is full of bushes and hedges which means the neighbours can't see my garden (unless they happen to be looking out of a bedroom window in certain places. I wanted to try something I have longed to do for ages, which is pee myself in underwear on the grass. I enjoy the warmth of peeing myself but only in private and only if I can guarantee not getting caught and if the cleanup is easy to do.

I timidly went outside in my raincoat and underpants (I was paranoid about neighbours so I kept the raincoat on even though the chances of them seeing me is really remote). I set up my camera to record in the house. Unfortunately there was a problem with the camera so it wouldn't start for ages. By the time I sorted it, the rain was lessened quite a lot. When I peed it was an amazing feeling and very satisfying. Unfortunately the rain didn't dampen my boxers half as much as I thought they would, and the wetting is very obvious. So it was a bit of a faillure. I reckon the rain needs to be much heavier and my pee much lighter for the disguise to work.

I have attached the video anyway, for fun. It was a total disaster. I think the raincoat stopped most of the rain unfortunately. I am even more convinced that the whole "it's raining so no one will notice if I wet myself" defense is a poor one. I hope some of you enjoy it anyway. Would love to know about all your experiences of wetting in rainstorms.

I didn't know if I should post this in the video or experiences section, so sorry if I got this wrong.

MOV_0265.mp4

*003*2021-05-18 19:05

I think it would be amazing to do it for real in a proper downpour. I think today I just got excited by the thunder and rain and thought this would be really cool to try. So even though the "disguise" didn't really work and visually you can't see the feeling of the rain on my chest and legs combined with the pee felt really awesome.

