1st Grade Incident

Author: Broham

*000*2016-06-07 06:20

I'm new here, and after lurking around a bit, I've decided to tell you guys about something that happened to this girl in first grade.

So there was this girl in first grade, Katy, who had bladder problems, bph or something, and at any given moment she had permission to leave the classroom to use the restroom. (But she always asked, for whatever reason.) So, one day, we'd just finished a test and it was 3:00, 10 minutes from leaving time. There was an insane amount of noise in the room, and our teacher had bad hearing, so that didn't help Katy in this situation. I noticed some movement up ahead of me; It was Katy, squirming and jumping in desperation. She kept poking the teacher whilst in line to leave, whispering "I need to go to the bathroom!" 

She noted this multiple times before she shoved her hand in her crotch and shook the teacher with her free hand, yelling this time, "I need to go to the bathroom!" (At this point, she was crying.) For some reason, the teacher didn't hear her and Katy lost it, her pee going all over the floor as she yelled, "I accidentally peed my pants!" At this, the room went silent, and the teacher turned around, gave her a forgiving look, and told her to go out of the classroom, for she was balling and soaking wet. Then, our teacher yelled, "Poor Katy had an accident because every one of you was screaming!" She then turned, slammed the door, and got Katy some help. We were all in silence; we hadn't done anything, it was just our teacher was old and practically deaf.

I hope you enjoyed my first post ;) I sure had fun writing it... more to come!

