Desperate to pee poem

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-03-22 13:52

I love poetry and words and wrote this today while desperate myself. Enjoy!

Let me go

I’m feeling a little uncomfortable

My bladder is very full

I need to take the kids

For a trip to the local pool

Will you excuse me please?

I could use a visit to the restroom

I need to have a tinkle

I’m afraid to say that I’ve been caught short

I sure could use a winkle

Can I go now please?

I’ve got the call of nature

I badly need a wee

Is is ok to spend a penny?

I really need to pee

Will you show me the ladies please?

It’s impossible to sit still now

I need the WC

Can I use your potty.

Is your bathroom free?

I have to go bad please?

Could I use your facilities?

Is there a lavatory here?

My bladder really needs emptied

Is there a toilet near?

It’s pretty urgent please?

My body wants to pass urine

I need a number one

I’ve really got to piddle

I’m afraid I need to run

Will you let me go please?

Is it possible to powder my nose?

I have to urinate

Can I use your loo at all

Before it gets too late?

I really need to piss please?

I need the little girl’s room

I’m squirming can’t you see?

It’s getting very desperate

I’m bursting for a pee

Can I get to go please?

I’m going to have an accident

I think I’m gonna leak

Excuse me while I hold myself

I’m sweating as I speak

I’m dying to go please?

My legs are crossed so tightly

I’m bouncing both my knees

I’ve clenched my muscles tightly

It your toilet vacant please?

I don’t want an accident please?

The waves are coming stronger

I think I’m going to burst

I’m going to wet my underpants

If I don’t reach the bathroom first

I don’t want to piss myself please?

Oh no it’s coming out now

I can feel my crotch is wet

My jeans are gonna be soaking

Are you finished showering yet?

I’m wetting myself here please?

It’s dribbling down my inside leg

The dam’s about to break

I’m doing my best to hold it in

But there’s only so much I can take

It’s very very urgent please?

Can you hear it whooshing out of me?

I’m soaked and warm and wet

If only you had let me in

But I bet you don’t regret?

Can you wash my jeans and knickers please?

*005*2019-03-23 19:37

Thank you everyone. I enjoyed thinkin* up all the different ways people say they need to go lol

*009*2019-04-15 17:34

{{On 3/27/2019 at 11:50 AM, blasseroz said:

Best "stages of omo" I've read yet, and I can't tell you what my imagination was doing being so well fuelled by this site as it is!

}}

You may not require imagination. I made this into a video on x tube. My user name there is helpmehold

*011*2019-04-15 20:49

{{46 minutes ago, Răzvan2000 said:

I watched your video. It was amazing!

}}

Thank you!

