Had to pee during an hour drive

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2017-09-06 20:29

Today, as per my usual morning routine, I woke up, peed, got dressed in a t-shirt and a knee length jean skirt, and started off to school. I go to school an hour away from where I live though (long story), and today I only had the one class. I get coffee on my way to school, and about halfway there, it's cool enough to finally start drinking it. As I arrive at school, I barely have the urge to go, but class was about to start so I decided to hold it until after class. Class went on for an hour and a half, which is normal; and my bladder was full, also normal. What wasnt normal is I walked with my teacher to tell him I would be missing some class for a couple of days. I left the building, since I was near the exit doors, and went to my car. When I got there I thought to myself that I should have gone pee, but I could hold it until I get to the gas station halfway along my drive.

Getting out of the school parking lot was insane. There was so much traffic, that it added about 10 minutes onto my drive because no one would let me out. Shortly, I made it out and onto the highway. My next stop was going to be halfway to home. I knew I could hold it that long. There were two problems though: 1) Driving on the highway feels 10 times longer than normal when your bladder is full, and 2) I actually missed the gas station. So I figured I'd just get home asap.

Around this point I was actually holding my crotch from time to time until I could convince myself that "I don't have to pee that bad." Whether or not that was true, it worked and I managed to hold it until I got home.

When I got home, I went up to my 3rd story apartment (stairs suck when you are on the verge of peeing yourself), and just barely made it to the bathroom. The exception was I managed to pee a little before getting my panties down. Other than the few times I thought I would be peeing in my car, it was a rather fun experience.

