Wetting in presence of friend

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2016-12-02 04:17

After a few attempts, I finally gathered enough courage to stage an accident in front of a friend. She and I have jokingly talked about wettings in the past and usually the conversation going the way of either me or her wetting and then ending on a laugh.

It started with me shooting her a text in the morning, asking if she had dinner plans. I didn't get a respond for several hours, so I hadn't planned on it happening. Right before I get off work, low and behold I get a response from her. She was busy during the day but surprised me by saying that she could meet me for dinner. We talked a bit about what we should eat. If I had wanted to have a wetting happen, I needed liquid courage. We decided on an Asian joint that served some alcohol. At this point, I'm starting to get excited.

I couldn't decide on what to wear, so a friend on this site recommended me wearing my white jeans. Since it was a casual dinner, I just threw on a gray sweatshirt and tennis shoes to complete my ensemble. She ended up picking me up and we headed out. She was wearing a black jacket and blue colored skinny jeans. We made small talk while driving to the restaurant.

When we were seated, I had immediately started on hydrating myself with tea. We ordered a soup and some soju, along with some other dishes. We continued to chitchat, but she did comment that "I hope you don't pee your pants" from drinking alcohol. I jokingly answered her with a question, "Well, what if I did?" She started laughing and replied that I'd have to take a taxi home. We both laughed it off and continued to b.s.

We both wanted to make sure she could handle the drive back, so we ended up staying there for about an hour and a half. I remember that I actually interrupted her once to go to the restroom. I didn't really want to go because I wanted to save it all, but I knew that it would probably be more fun to hold it because for me, I have a LOT more difficult time holding it after my seals have broke. In my semi buzzed state, I actually remember that it wasn't a lot of pee that came out lol.

As soon as I got sat back down, I started to re-hydrate myself. We finished maybe 30-40 minutes later, and I must've drank maybe 5-8 cups of tea. We started going back to her car and that's when things got interesting.

Having gone to the restroom once weakened my ability to hold my bladder. While sitting, my bladder must've have been "L" shaped. After standing and leaving, the liquid must've filled up the bladder and drooped it down. The outside temperature was pretty cold, which constricts all my muscles, including my bladder. Getting into her super cold car, squishing my bladder in a seated position made me uncomfortable, but I thought I could work in my favor.

Before she started driving, she asked if I was gonna wet my pants, and I told her maybe, in a joking manner. I'm not sure if it was the alcohol, but all I remember was that all of a sudden, it felt like someone just kicked my bladder. I had immediately scrunched up my legs and told my friend that I had to go relieve myself. She was getting worried that I would've messed up her seats with my pee, so she offered to pull over. Of course, the road we're on is a main street with lights and houses everywhere – whipping it out in public could brand me a sexual offender, which I told her I would much rather wet myself then face the consequences.

She must've started panicking because she was driving while looking at the GPS, in hopes of making it back home before I wet myself. What's worse, the road back to my place was different, so we circled around a little bit before we found the freeway. She started speeding, which I told her not to – mostly because I wanted to keep holding, but also for both of our safeties. The roads were bumpy, and it really put a strain on my bladder. I remember that I had my legs together, knees bent, with my hand jammed into my crotch. I didn't care if she saw it. I myself was a bit turned on by the whole pose and situation lol. Anyway, since my omo friend earlier had told me to go commando, I could feel my hand gripping on to my manpiece, trying not to pee.

At this point, I know that an explosion is imminent. Once we got to the exit, she barely missed a stop sign and braked hard. Perfect! The seatbelt latched on and the lapbelt really smashed into my bladder. A gush of pee came out – I told her that I was taking off my belt. She asked is it because some came out? I painfully replied yes. At this point, my hands are cupping my groin/crotch, and she knows I'm about to lose it. She makes it back to my place and encourages me to go inside and use the restroom.

I didn't immediately get out, because I was in so much pain. I think I was starting to pee when I got out of her car, and then I had just lost it. The door closed behind me and I was walking towards the back of her car when I knew that pee was just coming out. I knelt down, thoroughly soaking my jeans. She did a U-turn and then that's when she saw me squatting down. From her driver's window, she asked what happened – I told her that I didn't make it and I just peed my pants! She was shocked, and that's when another car showed up – we hurriedly made our goodbyes and then I went inside.

I shot her a text afterwards:

Me: Hey...I hope I didn't embarrass u

Her: No worries I don't remember a thing

Me: Did I get any pee on your seat or seat belt?

Her: Hopefully not

Me: I don't think so...hopefully. if there is i'll clean it up...anyway, u want to see the damage? lol

Her: err...no thanks.

Me: <pic> Too bad haha

Her: Ewww

Me: I know. My white colored jeans are now yellow lol

Her: Go wash it then!!!

Me: Haha. Can you promise not to tell anyone haha

Her: No worries I will tell. Just kidding!

Me: Sheesh. If you didn't brake so hard...the seatbelt snagged and smashed my bladder and that was it.

Her: Yea sure just blame me

Me: No...I don't. I think the alcohol

Her: Whatever!

Me: So did you realize what was happening when I left your car?

Her: What happened?

Me: That's when I peed...

Her: Yea I saw it

Me: Oh wells...again sorry! Hope I didn't embarrass you

Her: I won't tell

Me: Thanks. Gosh...so embarrassing peeing my pants in front of you. I bet you probably never expected to see something like that

Her: True I thought u were just kidding earlier but I saw it. Not sure if I can have u in my car again!

Me: Haha fair enough

I wish I could've seen her face when I was peeing, but that's okay. I'm fairly happy with what happened.

$$

$$

*002*2016-12-02 13:37

Thanks for your suggestions!

*005*2016-12-04 15:57

{{20 hours ago, themerger said:

Thanks for sharing! That's pretty brazen- though it sounds like by the time you reached your house there wasn't any other option. Will your friend ever let you live that down? I have a number of friends who wouldn't be completely disturbed if I peed myself, but would certainly not let me forget what happened

}}

My friend said she promised that she wouldn't tell, but who knows. If she does ever use it against me, I can always fault the alcohol! It's true...being a cheap drunk does has its advantages haha.

Yeah, I can recall how much pleasurable pain I was in sitting the passenger seat in her Subaru Outback. My legs were smashed together, knees bent even though I was sitting down, with my right hand cupping my manpiece and my left hand supporting my right hand, while I was shifting left and right in her seat. Heck – even I got turned on! Haha. I knew it was pretty much inevitable, and when it was time to exit her car, I knew that was it. First, any sudden movement would have shocked my bladder to process a new body position with all the liquid it was trying to hold and second, her SUV was higher than a regular car, so I might have stumbled out, causing leakage. At that point, I was pretty much a goner.

Forgot to add that when I was thoroughly peeing my white jeans, it was so much that my sweatshirt got wet too with a splotch or two (proof in picture). I must admit that the warm pee was a nice feeling in the cold weather. If only I knew what my friend thinks about that night...

*007*2016-12-15 23:09

{{On 12/8/2016 at 10:13 AM, Equusquagga said:

Oh my gosh what a great story I remember hearing about this friend a while ago! Great pics too :)

}}

Yeah, finally gathered enough courage to do it! I actually have to go pee right now as I write this!

*009*2017-03-15 01:25

{{8 hours ago, WonderBoy said:

Great Story wish i had a friend like you xD

}}

Thanks for the comment! It was fun to reread this, experiencing the scenario in my mind. It was so hot!

