I skipped my pre-class pee!

Author: nAt2017

*000*2019-08-29 18:01

So, I tried and failed to hold my morning pee today. I didn't wet my pants (I haven't done that since middle school, and am saving my first real experience for a special occasion), but I did have to stop eating breakfast halfway through to dash to the ladies room in total desperation. Feeling my bladder empty out was such a relief, but after some consideration, I decided that that would be my last pee break until I finished classes in the early afternoon.

I felt a slight pressure in my bladder as I walked across campus to my Japanese lesson, but it wasn't too bad. Just a little twinge. I took a deep breath, told myself I could wait, and kept walking.

I got to the air-conditioned building about an hour early and did some reading on a bench outside my classroom. About halfway through, a guy sat down right next to me for some reason – it was weird to be so close to someone when I was trying to focus on finding references to bathrooms in my textbook, but I didn't move a muscle. (Unfortunately, the section on asking permission to pee in Japanese is in my book from last year... that was a fun but awkward day in class!)

About five minutes before the previous class was dismissed, I got up and walked to my classroom. I could feel a significant amount of pressure in my bladder at that point, and was considering giving up and going for a potty break before class began. After all, I'd never deliberately gone to class without peeing first before. Even though you don't have to ask permission to leave the room in college, I'm still too shy to get up in the middle of a class session, and I knew that if I really needed to go before dismissal, I'd just have to suffer in silence, bursting and unable to get to a toilet.

But once again, I told myself very firmly that I could wait. I let myself cross my legs for a moment, then entered the classroom.

I only have two classes on Thursdays, each an hour long, but they're also an hour apart. They're in the same building, so I don't like walking all the way back to my dorm in between, especially on a hot day... usually, I just sit on my bench and work for the hour I have free. But Japanese class distracted me enough that the pressure in my bladder seemed to have subsided by the end of class, so I decided that I needed to increase the urgency. I walked to the convenience store and bought a big, cold bottle of lemonade (my weakness!) and some salty chips.

I stood outside while I gulped my drink and had my snack. A few people walked past me, and I tried to look visibly relaxed even though my need to piss was increasing. Every once in a while, I'd cross my legs to try and seal myself shut, but I don't think anyone noticed. The lemonade flooded right through me, and I really wanted to go find a restroom before my next hour-long class – my poor bladder was getting really full. I wasn't sure if I could make it through. But I told my body to control itself.

I sat on a bench in the sun at once point, and the warmth of the metal against my legs made the piss move down lower in my bladder, clearly thinking it was about to escape. I got up before long due to the discomfort!

My next class, history, was a really interesting experience. I had some lemonade left, and decided to drink steadily through the session. My seat at the front of the class was weirdly shaped, and somehow, I didn't realize how much fluid I was drinking until I stood up and took a few steps, at which point I felt a heavy urge right at the end of my urethra, and I had to press my thighs together to keep myself leaking. I knew I could make it back to my dorm on time, though... I'd held my pee through worse! So I decided to give myself an ~additional challenge.~

I was going to collect my mail before sprinting to the toilet to empty my aching bladder.

I knew I had a few packages waiting in the mail room. When I got there, the line to pickup was really long... I had a feeling nobody waiting was as desperate to pee as I was, but I forced myself to stay still and wait my turn. I didn't even cross my legs! I just stood, the weight of my overly-full bladder pulsing in my lower abdomen. I picked up my packages (thankfully, they weren't too heavy). I considered going to check my mailbox for letters, too, but my box is located right by the floor, and I knew if I had to bend over and squish my bladder, I'd lose control for sure.

I walked home, then decided (against my own best interests) that I could keep myself sealed shut just a little bit longer. I hurried upstairs to my room, trying my best not to potty dance in public, and opened every single package I'd received. Then, I went out... not to pee, but to find the recycling room, which I'd never been to before.

When I left my dorm room, my bladder clearly thought it was going to be allowed to visit the potty like usual, because hot piss nearly flooded out of me the minute I saw the restroom signs. But I walked past the bathroom and tried to find the trash room. It took a painfully long time – I had to dash back and forth between towers, because the utility rooms are poorly labeled and I couldn't figure out where to go. I was trembling with urgency by the time I finally found a place to put the boxes.

Then, I walked to the bathroom...

And walked past...

And went right back into my dorm room to hold it some more!

I'm currently sitting on the edge of my chair, squirming while typing this, trying to ignore the sloshing pee trying to gush out of my bladder. If you have any words of encouragement, please give them to me – I'm really going to need them!

$$

*002*2019-08-29 18:33

{{1 minute ago, waterrat said:

Sounds like you really had a nice day. I hope you can hold on a bit longer!

}}

I'm trying really hard! I'm going to try to hold on till dinner. I've never gone to a meal while bursting before, since I'm not sure where the toilets are in the dining hall. Still drinking regularly! I really, really, really need to pee!

*005*2019-08-29 18:59

{{Just now, waterrat said:

In the picture, did you hold yourself or was your hand just there for safety, if an emergency occurs?

}}

For some reason, my need to pee increases significantly when I'm taking a photo. Like, of anything. I have to hold myself whenever I'm holding while focusing on taking a picture, which means that the pictures come out blurry, which means I need to retake them, which means it takes forever... taking the profile picture I have now was nearly impossible, even though I had my hands pressed against my crotch! It kept gushing out of me!

*007*2019-08-29 19:04

{{Just now, waterrat said:

That's nice to know! Did you really lose it while taking your new profile picture?

}}

I was in the bathroom while I was taking it, so all I had to do was yank down my jeans and let loose, haha! I think that might be one reason why it was so difficult to hold... the toilet was right there, and my bladder was begging for relief!

*009*2019-08-29 19:25

{{1 minute ago, ashishgamer said:

How's your bladder now though?

}}

Sooooo full! I'm absolutely bursting. I don't know how much longer I'm going to be able to hold it in.

*013*2019-08-30 04:15

{{28 minutes ago, wettingman said:

Awesome story. I love a nice prolonged desperation, especially when you keep postponing relief.

So after all that did you stay completely dry, or did you leaking your panties some ? How long did you hold it during all that from the time you started getting desperate ?

}}

I think I ended up holding it for 7 hours total, give or take. I can't remember when the desperation really started, though. I leaked a bit while trying to make it to the restrooms, but ended up peeing mostly in the toilet!

*015*2019-08-30 04:30

{{1 minute ago, NorthEastGuy said:

Wow! That was beyond exciting, and your photo is sooooooo sexy. Nice!

}}

Thanks! Glad you liked it

*020*2019-08-30 22:22

{{2 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Wow that’s an amazing effort you must be so proud of yourself waiting so long and drinking so much. You have fantastic control over your bladder

}}

Thank you!

