Home in fancy dress

Author: LilyBgirl

*000*2021-10-26 22:25

So, I've just been out to a fancy dress party. I'm dressed as a pirate due to it being fancy dress for halloween which include fishnet tights, a stripy skirt, and pirate overalls.

Earlier in the night, I used the toilet as usual. Towards the end of the party, I decided to start holding with the plan to return home as desperate as possible.

In that time, I have drank 3 cans of cider plus all of the rest of the drink I drank earlier (i promise I'm not alcoholic).

I was so desperate towards the end, I was going to give up and use the toilet. My bladder was aching so bad. I felt (feel) like I was going to burst.

The taxi ride was excruciating. My friend was teasing me, not knowing how long I'd been desperate to pee. All I could do is sit there and beg her to stop poking me.

As we got home (still dry, yayy), she ran into the bathroom to take a shower. I still thinks she doesn't understand I'm about to pee myself.

I'm currently sat squirming on the bed trying to hold on.

Can anyone help me hold?

What should I do?

*002*2021-10-26 23:44

{{14 minutes ago, Wettishfettish said:

Let just a little bit out to get some relief

}}

I did. I had no choice I'll update the rest of the story tomorrow

*007*2021-10-31 12:44

So...

I stood bursting at the door for another 10 minutes, begging my frie d to let me use the toilet. I had probably been desperate for over an hour at this point. My desperate grows really fast when I've been drinking too. I was on the verge of wetting myself. The pee was on the tip of my wee hole. I could only keep pounding on the door, furiously clenching my muscles.

I began to leak soon after; the ache in my bladder was just too much to keep holding with no end in sight. I grabbed my wet crotch, luckily I hadn't fully wet myself.

"Please, I'm nearly seeing myself here" I remember shouting.

"I won't be a minute". She clearly didn't believe and thought I was exaggerating my need.

Minutes passed by slowly. I debated peeing into the bed sheets (at least they could be washed) or making a dash for the kitchen sink. Eventually though, the toilet door swung open and I was able to go in.

My friend, us both still be considerably drunk, jumped onto the toilet seat and began singing as if a live performance.

I begged her to let me go, more leaks escaping into my pirate costume and panties. I pulled the stripy costume pants down. My friend saw my soaked panties as I let out another leak which ran down my now bare legs.

"Oh god, I didn't know you needed to go so bad" my friend said, apologising.

She jumped off the toilet seat leaving my with some privacy. I didn't have time to reply. I ran to the toilet, flipping onto the seat and just emptied my bladder through my panties into the toilet.

My friend once again apologized when I had finished. I told her not to feel bad. She said she wouldn't tell anyone and we laughed it off the rest of the night once I had changed...

*008*2021-10-31 12:53

{{On 10/27/2021 at 3:43 AM, C.omoboy said:

What happened, did you hold? did you get to the bathroom on time? Now you are a sexy pirate who had an accident? did you wet the bed ?

}}

{{23 hours ago, maty said:

What happened????

}}

I have updated the story. Let me know what you think!

{{On 10/27/2021 at 7:01 AM, fabric5 said:

Ah gutted I missed this! Sounds super hot!!

}}

I like the idea of a live hold soon if anyone was interested in helping.

*011*2021-11-01 16:49

{{22 hours ago, John_John said:

Just the fact that you decided to keep the panties on and peed through them is super hot. The best thing about all this. Your friend wouldn't be a closet omorashi fan, would she, or she just likes to tease you and poke you when you say you have to pee?

}}

She is quite outgoing so I could imagine her being quite experimental and interested. Whether she has an actual interest, I'm not sure

{{10 hours ago, itibeti2 said:

I second that the fact you kept your panties on is the best thing could have happened! Great story! Thank you!

}}

They were already pretty wet when I got into the bathroom from what I remember also being drunk, I didn't care too much!

