My 4th major experience

Author: Jaylah

*000*2016-11-11 00:42

Sometimes the best wetting experience is in the morning. Full bladder ready to burst. Plus I was wide awake and my husband, was dead to the world lol. It was his last day home before he had to go back to base. At first I quietly picked out a black pair of pantyhose, and drank a tall glass of water, my liquid courage ;). I was very antsy, I never even considered this at night, especially if he's asleep. I tried nudging him, nothing :(

By this time I could feel the pressure build, I was tempted to just use the bathroom and lay quietly but it was a huge turn on and I got needs too! So I shook him and whined that I really had to pee! He asked if the door was jammed and I told him no! I need to pee really really bad!! Like now ^^'

He told me to use the bathroom then asked if maybe I saw a spider or something. I shook my head and said "get the hint!!! I gotta pee and I ain't using the bathroom!" I was loud, but not loud enough to wake anyone . He clued in finally and I went and laid on my side and nicely fixed my satin night gown. I was excited, proof was my nipples. I crossed my legs some and pressed my hand into my crotch.

"It never dawned on me to see how this material dampens nor in this position. He gave me a check over, he was getting aroused, it was very...obvious. He told me how he likes the way the gown clings to my ass perfectly, you could definitely tell I was In either a gstring or nothing. I wasn't wearing tight pantyhose, just looser ones that gives me more flexibility. I closed my eyes and began to slowly let it out. I pressed hard and pee escaped between my fingers. I didn't foresee it when my side also got soaked, but I let it out rubbing enough to get the maximum soak age. I made it last 3 minutes? Omg it was near the end it escaped and gushed out, I curled some into myself and I noticed my hubby getting very very excited. Poor guy was also very very tired. I was done and stood up, I was dripping bad lol. 

A steady stream of after pee was hitting my feet. I lifted up my gown and took off my pantyhose. My gstring was completely wet. I wanted to shower, my side felt weird being wet but I wanted a happy ending! I pushed my hubby onto the bed and told him to relax and let me be in control. I removed his boxers and climbed on top and made him cum very hard, he litterslly had to hold me down when he climaxed, I was hoping for a 3rd orgasm but he can give that to me later, after he was done he fell asleep. I didn't get a chance to take my shower, I waited until morning I feel asleep with him in me for the first part. It was a amazing.

