Public Challenge Completed! Pics & Vid!

Author: TheHamp

*000*2021-02-23 05:27

Hey everyone! I was challenged to try a hold in a public place, essentially until the point of losing control. I had never actually lost control before so I decided to give it a try! Let me just say in advance that I don't advise anyone to try this. If you have a particularly strong bladder, you could do some real damage by holding until you lose control. I'm just sharing this experience for your enjoyment, and to make good on a challenge

Original thread:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/65542-no-i-have-never-wet-myself-before/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1857085&embedComment=1857085&embedDo=findComment#comment-1857085"

Anyway, it's still too cold for a "main street" style hold like the suggestion in the thread, and nobody would be outside anyway, so I substituted for a supermarket during the evening rush. I had never even come close to the point of actually losing control, but I have wet before out of discomfort. As such, I was not really sure exactly what my limits were, so I began preparing with the rapid desperation method an hour or two ahead of time. I already had to pee before leaving, and by the time I arrived, I was already at the point that I normally like to wet. My bladder was full, and under normal circumstances, I would have gone to the rest room waayyy before this point.

I admit I was pretty nervous about what was going to happen. I was wearing grey shoes and socks, black(ish) jeans with thick-ish athletic leggings underneath to soak everything up and avoid getting anything on the floor if a full on accident happened. Full disclosure, I cut a trash bag in half and wore it between the layers to avoid a big wet spot leading directly back to my member, but it only covered to where the pant legs separated. This was my first time doing anything this public so I gave myself this one little advantage.

Anyway, I entered the store with a long list of groceries that I needed (why not make this trip serve two purposes?). After standing up from my car and walking in, I already began to feel a little bit of bladder ache. About half way through the aisles, the desperation started hitting in waves. Every few minutes I would have to literally stop for a few seconds until the feeling passed. By the time I made it to the back of the store, the waves were hitting more frequently and lasting longer. Bending over to grab an item was absolute torture and I had to stand back up veeerrryyy slowly to maintain control. Heavy items were also an absolute chore to deal with.

By the time I hit the back of the store, I was more desperate than I ever have been my whole life...and I've been into omo for a long time! But I was still able to keep control at that point. I decided to walk to the other side of the supermarket to grab a few other things and to drag this out a little longer. I could feel the pressure with every single step, punctuated by the intense waves of desperation.

Finally, when I was about half way through the other side of the store...it happened. One wave was particularly strong and a felt a small, but not exactly tiny, spurt come out completely involuntary. I could feel the wet patch slowly spreading out in my leggings. I couldn't believe that I had actually lost control for a moment! I was able to stop it pretty quickly, and the pressure was slightly relieved for a moment. I looked down and couldn't see anything on my jeans so I guess it hadn't gone past the trash bag yet. Pretty soon though, the waves came back with some intensity. The aching was become a little stronger than I was comfortable with, so I decided to head to the check out. THANK GOODNESS the self check out lanes were open so I did have to interact with a cashier who would definitely see me squirming. Check out was where it really all went wrong (or right?).

I had to bend over for all of the items in the bottom of my cart. The heavier items were finally the last straw. I had some cases of water and soda on the very bottom platform of the cart. I lifted up the water first and felt another, longer, spurt which was very difficult to stop. I stood there for a moment and tried to subtly inspect the damage. My right leg had a very obvious wet spot which was absolutely glimmering on the black jeans in the bright lights of the store. It was a surreal, embarrassing, and somewhat exciting moment to be honest. 

2 cases left on the cart...and each one caused another spurt. I didn't dare to look down again until I was out of the store, but I felt wetness down to my knee. I stood very close to the kiosk (without touching it!) to try to hide what had happened. After I paid, I (quickly) walked out of the store with the cart directly in front of me. It didn't seem like anybody even noticed on my way out thankfully. Once I got outside, I inspected the damage, and took a picture!

My takeaway from this experience was that I don't think my body is capable of a full on flooding, but I definitely would have kept spurting until it appeared that way if I truly had no way to visit a bathroom. I don't think I'm going to try this again, as that level of desperation became quite unpleasant, but I'm glad that I gave it a try! In my particular case, I cannot even imagine a scenario where I would be THAT desperate for that long and have literally no access to a rest room, so I don't foresee it ever happening unplanned to me. But of course, that's 100% just my personal situation and I can easily imagine someone unintentionally losing control in similar circumstances. Anyway, thanks for reading! (bonus content below!)

The outfit:

The aftermath:

Bonus story!

I still had to go preeettyyy badly after leaving. My pants were already wet so I decided to have a little bit more fun in a less public setting. I needed gas so I went to a little station on the outskirts of town. The ground is wet from melting snow, and there's rain blowing in (as you can hear in the vid) so there was no risk anybody would accidentally step in the puddle before it was washed away by nature. The station was about to close in a little bit anyway so nobody was there except for me and the cars driving by on the road. I pulled up to one of the far pumps and decided to "fill up." Sorry for the loud wind noises!

432fdgh4dh.MOV

