I let the discord chat decide...

Author: Atrix

*000*2020-01-31 20:52

I'm very excited to share with you guys my last wetting experience ... it was definitely very wet.

I normally try to do at least one massive jeans wetting per week. Sooo when the desperation began, and I was deciding on what to wear while wetting... I decided, to make it more exciting, to let the discord chat choose for me.

After long discussion and arguments, the chat finally came to a conclusion to choose my tight blue jeans with my over knee-high boots.

I was very skeptical over the high boots because they are always very difficult to clean up afterwards.

BUT the chat spoke and I surrendered...

$$

$$

Of course at that point I was already at stage 8-9 of my desperation-level and started slowly to let out a few drops that turned into small leaks. I was still in my room and don't like the idea of cleaning up my floor, so I had to make my way to the bathroom. I didn't want my neighbors (I live in an apartment) to hear the "sound effect" that high heels do when walking.

$$

So I slowly sneaked towards my bathroom door, trying not to slip on the pee that already dripped on the floor.

I was super nervous because I always think that somebody could catch me while wearing female clothing and at the same time wetting myself... Ohh my, the humiliation and embarrassment - I could not even imagine that.

When I finally arrived at my bathroom and closed the door, feeling secure and alone... I just couldn't hold it any longer. I tried to stop the leaking but was forced under submission of the pressure in my bladder.

I loved the warm pee flowing down my tight jeans and going into my high boots...wetting while wearing boots is definitely a different feeling and I can just recommend it.

I just stood there letting all the golden liquids stream out of my body....

After like 2 minutes - I finished and looked at myself through my mirror and felt a warm puddle of pee in my boots.

$$

$$

$$I couldn't resist myself and just had to lift my foot up and down, squeezing the pee around my toes.

I loved the complete feeling of the situation and was kinda sad that I already finished...BUT I decided to stay in my wet clothes and just walk back into my room and watched a series while consuming more fluids xD... I wanted to see if I would be able to pee myself again.

I was sitting on a towel that I placed on my chair to avoid any damages to my furniture.

After like 40 minutes and 600ml of water... I knew that I had to go again but the series was getting to exciting and I just wanted to finish the last 12 minutes of it.

In my head I thought that my bladder wasn't full at all and I thought I could just wet myself on the towel because a few leaks could just get soaked up. Right?!

Well that's what I thought...

Suddenly... I felt a massive wave of pee going through my jeans and splattering on the floor. I was panicking of course and wanted to avoid the damage.

I stood up and immediately noticed a big puddle underneath me...at that point I literary "threw in the towel" and lost all hope and just let out the last bit of it...

Hope you liked my story, if you wanna hear more - follow my profile, support is much appreciated.

Much love and don´t get caught peeing yourself

~ Atrix

*002*2020-03-10 22:41

{{On 3/8/2020 at 4:18 PM, Wetsy said:

Wonderful story and awesome ics..Hope you got your boots cleaned..

}}

Haha yes it's quite a challenge to get them cleaned but after some good soap/water rinsing and some drying - everything was fine again!

