Empty battery, full bladder, lost in the woods

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-09-30 11:45

The other evening I had planned to have a mutual wetting while texting with a new online friend who also like public wettings. He had been holding all day and was way ahead of me so I had to speed up my desperation, had a few beers on my own, it was Friday anyway. After drinking four small cans of beer pretty fast I had the side effect of not only starting to feel my bladder, I was also a little bit drunk in a comfortable way. We both headed out. I walked down the street for a while and then into my nearest forest area, and on the tracks. I headed for a nice spot in a clear ing where I´ve been having picnics before.

When I got there the feeling of growing need to pee was even nicer, I sat down on a rock and I enjoyed thinking of the fact that both my jeans and the rock under me would be wet before I left here. Me and M were texting, and he suggested we would leak a little bit, we both did so and exchanged pictures. That was nice. I was in good control still, and a very thin streak could barely be seen on the inside of my thigh. Then he wanted to go to the store and get something more to drink so I enjoyed the waiting, and the feeling of all the beer I drank starting to land in my bladder, making it difficult to sit still.

I changed positions, standing up for a while, then sitting down, and while we were chatting I noticed that the battery on my phone unfortunately was emptying at the same speed as my bladder was filling up. It quickly went from 10 to 5 to 3 %... I asked M if I maybe should go home again, and he said i probably would, it would be so boring not being able to chat anymore. Even if I would have loved to wet in the woods I also found the idea of walking home in this desperate mode a bit exciting, just to see if I made it home with no accident, so I made a quick decision to leave, and started walking fast down the same trail I came from.

I was nicely desperate, happy and aroused, and kept walking in a good speed. Then after a while I realised that something wasn´t quite right. I didn´t recognize the surroundings. I didn´t remember this tree across the path. And then my path ended up in someones backyard…. But that couldn´t be… I know this forest… I was confused, and exactly then my bladder reached it´s limit. I was desperate like hell. And it felt so good. I leaked, I struggled and clenched my muscles and I leaked again, and I tried to think straight, but it just wasn´t possible, “Haha I´m lost” I texted, and sent it just before my phone died completely.

I went back on the path until it divided itself, but had lost all sense of orientation. Also time. How long had I been walking before I got here? In a stupid stubbornness I once again went in to the same path I just tried, believing it would magically change and lead me home, but there of course was that stupid backyard again. I leaked again, held myself, breathing heavily, my body was dying to release, and for a second I thought wetting myself right here right now would be the only way to get my brain back and find my way out of here. It was so tempting. But I didn´t want to give in, I wanted to do this with M, I knew he was also probably desperate to wet, waiting for me to get in touch again, wondering what the hell happened here.

Once again I walked back a bit, and finally realised that i must have missed a crossing way earlier in my happy state of mind where I had just walked without thinking. After a while I found the all so familiar path and started to rush home, still warming my crotch with leaks every now and then. When I reached the street leading home the inside of my legs were wet almost down to the knees, but the black jeans didn´t show much. A bigger concern was the amount of pee (probably at least a liter) that I still kept in me, and the seemingly high risk that I´d flood it all out on the ground in front of a neighbour if I didn´t make it home. I had to make it home!

I made it. I rushed up the stairs, happy not to meet anyone, got inside my own appartment and kicked my shoes off, desperately fighting to keep the floor dry as I flied in and out of the bedroom to fetch the charger. In the kitchen I pressed my legs tight together as I plugged the charger, shaking, but I couldn´t hold back the stream now and it started to drip to the floor before I regained control. 

I stood there texting and still bursting. M replied, he was a little wet too, but still holding. Great. He asked if he should leak a bit for me. I just replied “I wanna let it all go now”, because emptying my bladder was all I could think of. He said ok, and next second I let the river loose right there on my kitchen floor next to the sink. The pee was immediately going through my pants, hitting the ground in streams from several directions around my legs and feet, soon creating the biggest pee puddle I had ever seen. And it felt great! Aroused and relaxed I kept standing in the puddle, feeling my own pee cooling down in my wet jeans and soaked socks, while my friend somewhere in another country still had some warm wet moments to share with me.

