More pics and even videos (of my bladder)

Author: MisterBlue

*000*2021-11-22 11:04

Some time ago I've posted some pictures of my bulging bladder. I've had another oportunity to do the hold (unbelievably). So I did and of course took some photos (all are basically same, but I hadn't time to do more) and even two short videos! I've finished the hold literally minutes ago! Sadly I had to end it afterwards (on 8/10), becose I have to go to school. I most probably won't be able to answer to your comments, even that I would love to. But I'll try to answer after school. Btw. If you have some critique on whatever you don't like, write it down too. Sending love to all of you.

Edti/PS: That was probably bit overshot to expect reactions this early.

VID_20211122_112307.mp4

VID_20211122_112211.mp4

*004*2021-11-23 06:01

{{12 hours ago, Bursting_Baby said:

Omg your breathing and moans! And that bulge! you must have been about to explode!!!

}}

Actually it wasn't That bad. But I wouldn't probably be able to do pics/vids of this quality if it would. Early to mid 8/10. I felt worse. But it wasn't easy either. I hope I will manage to do full proper hold next year (and share some photos and videos of course). I doubt that I would be able to do anything during Christmas.

I'm glad that you like my content. I would be happy to provide more if I could.

{{7 hours ago, Derpysquid said:

This is all super hot! Thank you for sharing!

}}

I'm glad you like it. And it's also giant compliment for me.

{{1 hour ago, notthewees said:

You are lovely.

}}

Thank you.

*005*2021-11-25 09:00

I will put these into Omorashi & peeing videos section from next post. It makes more sense.

