New black denim pants

Author: coloradowet

*000*2020-08-28 01:49

I have a bit of a textile fetish as well as Omo and had to find some new "wetting jeans". I took a week day off to catch up on some car work and appointments and had some time to hit up the local thrift store. I mostly had blue denim at my disposal for wetting purposes and watching some videos of black denim and how it also really shows the wetness I knew i had to find some better than the ones I had.

I tend to shop both sections, men's and women's, although the latter I get a little shy but get bold from time to time and sneak some skin tight (ball crushers) to play with. I've really come to appreciate tight pants with this kink, Im a Jnco kid so baggy has always been my style.

With the covid happening, fitting rooms are closed so it can be a guess how things may fit but am ok with guessing how it will fit and even better with how it will show wetness and always seek those that are hard to pull down;-)

Anywhoo, I got lucky in the mens section, I found the tight black denim pants i was looking for! Nice and tight looking but was worried about the crotch because my experience with mens tight pants, they have a huge waist and i tend to not lean towards the aptly named "ball crushers" for fetish fun. I wasn't done though, I hadn't braved the women's section yet;-)

I get shy since I'm in a smallish town and i see women my age looking through the selection but have gotten a lot better at "not giving a fuck" ever since my lady encouraged such behavior, She likes it

I scoped for awesome vintage skirts like I do to no avail, and hit the jeans rack and found nothing but dark blue denim to my dismay, I had one more chance at the capri section and think I found my new favorite "fem" jeans. They have fake pockets, no belt loops, big elastic band and supper tight but not too constricting ( i do think its shitty the patriarchy on pockets..btw) but for personal fet fun.....score!!!

Anyway, I had been desperate during this escapade and needed to make it home dry, they have been doing construction at my home so I knew I couldn't walk in wet like I have done before, I literally had to climb over scaffold to get to my front door. Since I've been on a wet escapade for some time pushing my bladder to the limits, I knew i didn't have much control over my needs so i knew i had to get home. didn't want to waste my desperation in a toilet nor lose control and have to change into my backup pants i keep in my car for such occasions in broad daylight so I hurried home bouncing and grabbing myself the whole time.

I made it home, grabbed my "goods" and rushed upstairs of the jungle gym of scaffolding. I got inside and quickly rushed on my new pants i found in the men's section, they fit like a dream!!!! Grabbed my computer to shoot a video and here it is.

I wanted to do more desperation as well as a close up but my desperation got the better of me and I wet my new pants, guess i can't return them now

It felt soo good!

Sorry, not sorry for lack of desperation, once I edge myself for long enough, I become incontinent'ish, public accidents happen to me but once I get inside my own home, it becomes a latch key thing and It just comes out of me.

Anyway, enjoy!

Maybe Ill make a video of the supper skin tight pants I found too if their is some interest;-0

Movie on 8-27-20 at 6.07 PM.mov

