Desperate on a bus

Author: Allegretto

*000*2016-03-29 13:38

Does anyone else have a fear of wetting their trousers on a bus or coach journey? As a teenager I was dreadful about this and the mere thought of a coach journey made me want to go. I recall clutching myself desperately on trips to swimming club, which only involved a one hour ride, especially if I was wearing my jeans. Somehow the need was never as bad if I had my tracksuit bottoms on. Not sure why. Then there was an outing one day, on which I dived straight into some bushes on arrival after a very long hold.

However, my worst experience was when I was 15. We were going to London to take part in a concert. It was a two and a hour bus ride and in those days coaches didn't have toilets. For whatever reason I wanted to go quite badly after just an hour on the bus and to make matters worse I was wearing the suit I needed for the concert. My need got worse and worse throughout the journey reaching the desperation scale somewhere on the outskirts of the suburbs. I decided to sit on my own so I could clutch myself with as much privacy as possible to avoid embarrassment.

Every time we passed a public toilet or somewhere I knew there would be one I looked longingly out of the window, but to no avail; the 'wheels of the bus just kept going round and round'. Should I ask them if we can stop? I decided against this, because they would probably only tell me that it wasn't far now and just to hold on and also make me sit at the front to offer moral support. It was better just to suffer on my own in silence.

As we got nearer the pain of my bursting bladder got worse and worse. I was holding myself and straining my bladder muscles with all the might I could summon. I was sweating, and in dreadful pain, but I had to hold on. I couldn't suffer the humiliation of appearing in public in wet trousers. I thought that if only I had worn my jeans or tracksuit bottoms it wouldn't have mattered so much if I had wet myself as I could change when we arrived, but there was no way out of my dilemma. As we got nearer, I started leaking a bit in my underpants, which got gradually damper but without anything showing. By the time the bus pulled up at our destination I was frantic and ran to the front of the bus before the instructions were given, begging to be let off the bus.

I ran like something demented into a side street where I hoped there would be no one around, with the thought that it was not illegal to 'go' in the street if you were in dire need, but there were a few people there and I ran back into the main street looking frantically for anywhere to relieve myself. To my immense surprise and salvation I suddenly spotted one of those underground public toilets and made a beeline for the steps. As I started to run down the stairs I felt my dam bursting and hurriedly unzipped my flies, whipped out my willy and did the most amazing fountain down the steps leading into the gents. I managed to stem the flow after the initial burst and did the longest piss I can ever remember into the urinal. It seemed to go on for ever and I was still shaking a few minutes later as the most sublime feeling of relief gradually came over me. I had damp underpants for the rest of the day, but I could go into the concert with pride.

At a personal level, this experience quite traumatised me. I didn't want to get on a coach for ages afterwards and longed for a friend who had the same fear and problem, with whom I could share my anxieties, whether it be on buses, in exams or whatever situation, and probably share a few wettings with, but that wasn't to be and for me it is now great to have sites like this where I can reveal those feelings and other less traumatic stories of later usually more deliberate wettings.

*003*2016-04-05 16:44

I was 15 when this happened, but I had the problem for quite a few years before that and it continued. As you say, its that fear of knowing there is no bathroom. Some days would be fine, others would be awful. Even now, I am still not entirely comfortable about bus journeys for this reason.

