Another Day, Another Rigorous Jogging Workout

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2017-07-31 07:01

I’ve been trying to go jogging every day, and I’ve been pretty good at keeping up the regime. Where I live there are lots of big hills, especially in the nicest places to jog. There are fish streams and little hidden gullies, full of trees and rocks. If you want a scenic jog, you have to start your run jogging downhill. I usually do this.

The hill I take is pretty steep. This makes for a grueling final leg home, and also puts a huge amount of pressure on my bladder while going down. While I try to be fleet of foot, it very often seems that all the shock from the decline goes straight through my legs and strikes at my bladder.

For those who know me, you will know that I’ve never had the strongest bladder in the world, and have suffered from stress incontinence my whole life. Sneezes and coughing fits (fortunately few and far between), will cause leaks, as will strenuous workouts. Starting my jogs going downhill counts as strenuous apparently, and this means leaks. If I’m working out properly (and doing hills or stairs), I’ll almost certainly be leaking, especially because I stay well hydrated.

This means wet panties after most rigorous workouts. I’m resigned to this by now, and sometimes will even have some fun with it. There have been a few times while I’ve been out jogging in the rain where I’ve simply purposefully soaked myself while standing waiting for a light to change. I’ve also peed my panties and running shorts while sitting on the bench on a dry night. The feeling of the warmth spreading across my bum and the dripping of the pee slipping through the slates in the bench made my heart pound and pulse quicken.

When going out jogging, I have a couple of options: the first, and something I do every time I go out, I wear a pair of black running shorts which are excellent and covering up leaks and wet spots. So no one can see if I accidentally leak, or if I completely soak myself. Next, I will sometimes wear a pad. These keep my panties dry but tend to bunch as a result of the running action, and are just not as comfortable as they could be in hot weather. Since I start my runs out going downhill, the pad is often rather wet by even before the midway point of my run, making it uncomfortable at times. So while I often do wear a pad (and I’ve experimented with different brands, some of which are better than others), lately I’ve just worn panties and accepted the fact that they will be wet before I return home.

Today was one such day. I went out for a lovely weekend afternoon run. It was very hot out, so I was careful to hydrate before I left (and stopped for water mid-way was well). Sure enough, I thoroughly leaked in my panties on the way down the hill and had smaller leaks at a couple of other points on my run. I thought I’d share the aftermath with the world. As you can see, they had dried somewhat by the time I got home to take a shower.

$$

$$

$$

*003*2017-07-31 18:00

{{10 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Nice!

The stain probably doesn't show on your short, huh?

}}

It does not :)

{{1 hour ago, scinosensation said:

I must admire the way you have accepted and adapted to your situation and have not let it interfere with the rest of your life. Your are also very fortunate in having a spouse who accepts you, all of you. Platonic hugs!

}}

Hugs back!

*005*2017-08-04 16:31

{{On 7/31/2017 at 11:22 AM, Brandie said:

Awesome and cute panties. Small leaks can be just as fun as big ones.

}}

True enough, and easier on your cloths and dignity :)

