That one night out

Author: ilovethesea

*000*2016-04-25 23:24

Hey,

So couple years ago I went out with some friends and as usual, you go out for coffee or a beer and that's it, you get home in the morning.

We were just talking about girls and sports and beers and snacks, beer after beer as is the way of my people, which leads to a lot of peeing breaks. Finally we went to this club in town and after a while I really really had to pee.

I was wearing baggy jeans, baggy enough at least, and I always wear baggy boxers. so I went to the bathroom in a bit of a hurry and they actually followed me thinking I was going to puke or something (to make fun of me, not the 'need help?' kind of group that I have).

So I go and I enter the stall and I finally start peeing. All good. Until when I was going to put my penis back inside. I never took it out of my pants.

Oh noooo!!

So I called them to meet me in the bathroom, they were there, I let them in the stall, they immediately started laughing their hearts out. I couldn't believe what had just happened. I asked them to go to the wardrobe and get my sweater so I could at least tie it to my waist and pretend nothing happened until I get to my car. and there I was, alone in a stall waiting for my friends to get me my sweater so I could leave and yet I was feeling quite enjoyable of all that had happened there. And even though I felt really bad about coming out of the stall, I didn't about having just pissed myself. They arrived and my panic came back, about going through everyone, paying and finally leaving and getting to the car.

It's a small town so kind of everyone knows who you are or at least has an idea. I tied my sweater to my waist and asked them to come with me to the door, one in front of me, the other behind, and they were just laughing and saying 'no one will notice, it smells like cigarettes and sweat, it's dark, just stay, it will dry and it will be OK'. So we made the try, we walked around the dance floor and actually no one seemed to notice anything. I decided to stay!

I put my sweater to the side to see how far I could take it. I think a few people noticed it before it dried but no one seemed to care and one girl that i then believed noticed even came up to me and we were dancing, so either she didn't or I don't know.

Bottom line is, it all went OK and it actually went so good I walked home (responsible driver) and had to pee again, really drunk, so I was hopping to get home, but not worried to not. And I didn't. At point I just thought 'why the hell not' and wet myself again.

I never did a public accident again, but if anyone cares I have a few other experiences I can share!

*003*2016-04-26 18:29

Yeah, I mean. for girls it's probably different, I was just a bit drunk and I honestly didn't notice what I did until I was completely soaked. but I did the action of taking it out to pee, just not enough x) anyway, by then I would never even think of wetting myself, even less in a situation that I was obviously going to be caught. but as I wrote, it didn't went all that bad. I know a few people noticed but I also kept drinking and at a point I just didn't really care, I felt dry and therefore 'safe'. and I have no idea if anyone saw me wetting on my way home, but I was definitely drunk and maybe I even wanted to. I don't know. this never happened again, peeing myself by mistake like this. there's an automatic movement in me already, and after this accident, I make sure I apply the movement correctly, I don't think this will happen again, at least not like this. so I guess you're probably safe, unless it's normal for you to wet yourself like that sometimes? I don't know.

