Respiration to Relief

Author: Lexie Lanser

*000*2017-08-27 19:51

I remember this time like it was yesterday. It was a time where I almost wet in public.

Back when i was in 4th grade, i remember a time when I slept in late. There was no time for breakfast because i would miss the bus. So i got dressed and ran out the door. It wasn't until lunch time where i had drank half a gallon of water where i realized i really needed to go. I told my friend that i'd be a second, and ran towards the bathroom. I saw the janitor's mop cleaning bin in-front of the bathroom. I was crossing my fingers that it wasn't being cleaned. Despite the fact that I wet myself all the time at this point, it was the first time it would be in public, and sure enough, i saw the janitor in there. 

Panicked, I ruched to the other bathroom at the other end of the school, to find that it was closed! The boys bathroom wasn't, but I would never go in the boys bathroom. I tried to think of other things on the way back to the cafe', like deserts, a hot sunny day, but when i sat down back at the lunch table, my friend had pulled a one pint bottle of coke. I was used to being desperate, because i would always wait till the last second before letting go. By bladder felt like it was in a hydraulic press. By 1:00, I had let my bladder go past the hardest i ever let it get. Every 20 minutes I would check the bathrooms, the one was finally clean, but there was a line now, so i sat at my desk and dribbled it in my underwear every 15 seconds or so, I did this for about half an hour, until i realized that the wet spot had just begun to show on my pants, so I waited,

Until Dismissal. Every bump on the one hour 20 minute bus ride felt like somebody punching me in the bladder repetitively. After continuing to dribble, it was my stop. I peered through the doors and made sure there was no traffic, so i waited there until the bus was out of site, and let it loose! That may have been the longest pee i have ever had in my entire life. I continued to pee for another 25 feet before finishing. It felt so good! I was worried my mom would be home and see that my pants had turned into a river, but to my disbelief, she was shopping! I ran in and started to get undressed when i heard the door open! I didn't have time! I took off my pants and shoved them in my closet, I cold hear my mom's footsteps getting closer! I kept my panties on, and put on new pants, right as she walked in! A big relief fell over me. But then... another fetish had just begun to inspire. Instead if changing my panties, I kept them on. All day, All night. It felt terrific!

The next day, I washed my panties in the sink, and kept them by my vent to dry, the next time I felt my fetish starting to come on, I put on those panties, did my business in them, and never changed. I repeated this process many times.

I still have a pair dedicated to wetting.

Do you?

