525 mile trip

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2017-04-11 23:12

I embarked on a 9 hour-drive business trip. i made a similar one last year, and took a few things from it last time to make this trip more pleasurable.

Before i left, i had about 2 liters of soup. i already knew that was gonna push me over. as i started my trip, i kept drinking small amounts at regular intervals. this took a toll on my bladder, and the bumps and cracks on the road definitely didn't help me maintain control!

About an hour and a half, i was already dying to pee. some car behind me signaled to me that one of my tie-down straps had come loose and needed to be retied. i pulled over to a hotel parking lot. even though it was sunny, there was some wind and there was a drop in temperature ( i usually prefer warmer conditions, so driving in the cab of my truck was a comfy 75 degress F). as i got out of my car, i felt the entire weight of my bladder dropping. i was in pain. as i was retying my strap, i was hobbling up and down, crossing my legs. after i was done, i glanced around. coast was clear! i kneeled down and let loose. i felt the pee exploding into my white jeans. since they were a bit tight and my posture was kneeling down, i could see my the color of my thigh take over my white jeans. it sure felt good!

I sighed a relief, hoping no one saw. i then continued on my way, while re-hydrating myself.

Three hours later, i needed to fuel up again. as subsequent holds go, i knew that my bladder had already weakened from my first holding. after fueling up, i drove to a closed down restaurant. i ducked in the corner and let loose. my jeans weren't fully dry from my first wetting, and there was something about re-wetting my jeans that felt hot! i must've underestimated my bladder because when i was done flooding my white jeans, i attempted to get up from a squatting position, only to have a pool of pee that must've not been given enough time to soak through the denim, rush down my legs! my shoes got inadvertently soaked, but feeling that gush of warm liquid was exhilarating! it reminded me of an ocean wave of water just completely dowsing me.

Sadly, i didn't make another wetting that day. by the time i arrived at my hotel, my jeans were pretty much dried. actually, im wearing them now as i write this story – there are no stains on it, but it has a slight odor to it. perhaps it'll experience a few more floods before getting a wash. :)

