An Evening With Friends

Author: Nineteen

*000*2017-03-30 01:22

I don’t remember exactly when my friends found out about my tiny bladder. I just know that they realized at some point or another and that was all they needed. Whether I enjoyed it (which, naturally, I did) or hated it, it became their goal that, from time to time, they would make me as miserable as possible without making me pee myself. Now I, being an omo enthusiast, played along- pretended to be naive enough to think they wouldn’t do it, pretended to be mad when they dared me not to go… but deep down, I loved it. This particular time happened quite a while ago, although I can only speculate on exactly when it was. It was, however, one of the best experiences I’ve had and I hope you guys enjoy the story.

...

I was already uncomfortable when the time came for the usual midnight shenanigans. We had all planned to leave after our raid attempt in... Destiny, I believe, but it got late and we decided to just stay the night, so we did something we had been doing since we were kids. The six of us, my best friend, his best friend, the one who’s house we were at, my best friend’s girlfriend, one of her geekier friends and me, decided to play sardines. If you’ve never heard of sardines, it’s a game very similar to hide and seek. Well… somewhat similar. One person hides and the rest search for him or her. Once one person finds the hider, that person hides with them. Once one person is left, they become the hider and the rest return to seeking for the next round. Oh, and it is played in complete darkness. Very fun even if you’re not a kid, but it can be a little scary sometimes, especially if you’re not entirely if your mental faculties aren’t running at 100%, which none of ours were.

I believe we chose the first hider by age, so… let’s call her Lilith- my best friend’s gf- hid first. We went up the stairs to wait it out while she found a hiding spot, then flipped off the lights. It didn’t take very much searching as she hadn’t spent to much time in the house and didn’t know it well enough to find a good hiding spot, but even in the short amount of time I spent looking, my discomfort nearly doubled. It was part the movement, part the fear of bumping into something or someone, and part all the drinking I had been doing. I wasn’t the last one, but with the amount of squirming I did once I was safely in the hiding spot shortened the round considerably. Perhaps it was this that tipped my friends off.

As we stood huddled at the top of the steps waiting for a sufficient amount of time to pass, Lilith’s friend (let’s call her Anna) looked slyly at me.

“Hey, are you alright? You were moving around a lot last round,” she asked innocently.

“Uh… yeah,” I replied hastily. “I’m fine.” She raised an eyebrow.

“Are you sure?” She persisted, a hint of playfulness creeping into her voice. “I mean, you’re looking pretty red… are you sure you don’t have to… pee?” Anna drew the last word out to a dramatic crescendo and then looked at me expectantly. I’m sure I got redder, because her innocent expression broke into a malicious smile. “Oh, you do!” She exclaimed, then, more quietly, “Well, you can’t go now. You might accidentally find (err… best friend… Calvin. Sure.) Calvin. That wouldn’t be fair, now, would it?”

The friend who owned the house merely watched on with an ever growing grin before looking at his watch. “We can probably go now.” He chimed in, interrupting Anna’s teasing. He flipped the switch and led us down the stairs into the pitch black basement. Being at the end of the line heading down the steps just behind Anna, I was able to give myself a quick squeeze before going to look for Calvin.

Calvin, having been to the house many times before, was significantly harder to find. Being as skinny as he was didn’t limit his hiding options either. Eventually, I found him because house owner de jure (Logan, I will call him) had found Calvin and seated himself none too skillfully next to the hiding spot, not being skinny enough to fit. After a short while, Anna found us and stood behind me.

We stood there for a while, listening silently to Lilith and other friend sound off, asking where the other was and if they had found us yet. I was still fidgeting, but standing up made it easier since the button on my pants wasn’t pressing into my bladder so much. After several minutes, I felt hands creeping up my back, tickling slightly and making their way towards my shoulders. I instinctively crossed my arms over my chest, assuming that Anna would probably jokingly fondle me like she does from time to time, but I was horrified when the hands went instead to my underarms and began to tickle me.

I wrenched myself away, the sudden fright and tickling combining to make my bladder lurch, a few droplets leaking out of me. After a few moments of wondering whether the sound of my movements alerted the remaining seekers, my heart stopped pounding and I decided it was safe to return to my hiding spot. After a few moments, however, I felt hands on my back again and whipped around, only to find the hands grabbing me were not Anna’s, but Logan’s. He grabbed me and held me in place while Anna returned to tickling me, although, this time, I had no means of escape. I could only jam my hands into my crotch and try to keep from crying out as I was tickled mercilessly.

As I wiggled desperately trying to keep my now aching bladder from spurting into my undergarments, the tickling became more and more fierce and I began to lose control. The first squirt was tiny, barely dampening my underwear, but the second was longer and I began to panic.

“Anna, please…” I begged in a whisper between fits of silent laughter, but she said nothing and continued to torment me. “I’m about to pee my pants. Come on.” Still the torture continued. The next squirt was even longer than the last two and I felt certain that the pee was visible on my tight, light blue jeans.

The last spurt signaled the beginning of a constant trickle that I couldn’t seem to stop. I could feel it dripping slowly down my leg, and I began to kick at Anna, who stood in front of me. The kick to her leg made her stop and back up for a moment, but after only a second, she returned, more vicious than ever. Finally, I couldn’t take it any longer. I screamed, and her hands left my body. I collapsed to my knees and jammed both hands into my crotch. The flow tapered off, but I knew that I had a huge wet spot, probably nearly half a foot, down both legs.

My male friend and Lilith both came to investigate the scream and found the group of hiders, myself included. Calvin asked what I had screamed about, but I could only whimper in response. Anna explained that they had been tickling me, but no other questions were asked, and everyone basically stepped around me and left me to sit there.

“Hey, guys?” Lilith called softly. “Do you mind if I use the bathroom before the next round?”

“No,” Anna responded. “No, not at all.” I looked up, seeing an opportunity. Lilith wasn’t in on this yet, I figured. She might just let me go to the bathroom. I stood up slowly, clenching my bladder muscles, and stumbled over to the bathroom door where Lilith stood, just on the verge of closing it, the light on.

“Wait!” I pleaded. “Wait, Lilith. Please… I have to pee so bad. Can I please go first?” She looked me up and down for a moment, assessing my hunched, desperate posture and the way my hands were locked on my crotch in the dim light that the bathroom cast out. After a short moment of deliberation, she answered.

“No,” she said simply, before closing and locking the door.

“NO!” I shouted through the door. “Lilly, please! I can’t hold it much longer!” I knocked loudly on the door, but when I heard no answer, I collapsed against the door, feeling tears welling in my eyes and urine swelling my bladder. I was at my limit, and I knew it was only a matter of time. I knocked again. “Lilith, I’m begging you! I’m about to piss myself if you don’t just open this door! Come on.” Still no response. I began to despair.

After almost a minute, I knew I was out of time. Sweat was absolutely pouring out of me, my bladder was sending waves of desperation through my body, and I could feel my control slipping. I knocked one last time, unable to form any words with my mind completely on my bursting bladder. Finally, collapsed to my knees as the last of my control ebbed away. The sudden sound of Lilith’s pee hitting the toilet was the thing that sent me over the edge.

My muscles gave out, and after a second, pee began spraying from me full force. I could feel it spilling down my legs, making a huge dark spot on my pants that grew and grew. The pee spread outwards, making its way across the front of my pants, spreading past my knees, soaking my butt. My control had completely disappeared and all I could do was enjoy the relief and try not to think about the enormous amount of humiliation I would face when my friends saw the mess I had made. By now, I could feel the pee puddling on the ground beneath my knees and I knocked softly on the door one more time as the last of my urine was absorbed by my pants or dripped to the ground.

“Almost finished,” Lilith responded, her voice muffled by the door. I stood up with less difficulty this time, but when I felt some additional droplets of pee fall down my leg, I nearly collapsed again. Lilith looked awed when she saw my soaked pants, and the rest of my friends, especially Anna, were very apologetic. To be honest, I don’t think they actually expected me to wet myself as I never had before, and haven't pushed me to hold it since. Honestly, they are good friends, but they can be cruel sometimes, especially when they get into the right mood. Although they didn’t know it, they gave me quite the enjoyable evening, and I know I won’t be forgetting it anytime soon, nor will I experience anything as exciting on my own.

...

Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed doing it. If you did, feel free to let me know, or, if not, let me know what I could do to make the next story better. Make it less wordy? Describe the desperation more? Feedback is always appreciated. Thanks for reading and if you'd like to suggest any pee holding challenges for me to write about, I'd be happy to try those out as well.

*002*2017-04-01 02:33

{{11 hours ago, Wetbriefs said:

Amazing story! Wasn't too wordy at all. It completely held my attention and it was so good it wasn't till I finished the story that I noticed I was aroused!

I'm a huge fan of tickle wettings!

Looking forward to more posts like this. Well done!

}}

Well thank you so much! I always appreciate the feedback, but such positive feedback was, honestly, a little unexpected. I get tickled all the time, so working another one like this wouldn't be too difficult, especially if I could excuse it by saying I'd been drinking a lot... so who knows? Maybe I'll have another experience to tell about soon. In the meantime, thanks a million for taking the time to comment! You totally made my evening!

*006*2017-04-05 19:40

{{23 hours ago, Wet Shorts said:

Lovely story, thanks! Very nicely written and described - it'd be awesome to hear if you're able to repeat the experience. I love reading about the desperation, which you rounded off beautifully with your description of the final wetting.

}}

Thank you so much! I really appreciate the support and positive feedback! I'd be happy to accommodate any other wetting requests you might have, but for now I'll do my best to make another tickle wetting happen.

*007*2017-04-05 19:41

{{14 minutes ago, tek84 said:

Loved your story =D Boxers or briefs?

}}

Depends on my mood. ;P

*010*2017-04-06 04:48

{{9 hours ago, tek84 said:

Hehe, what was your mood on the night in question?

}}

I believe that was a briefs night... but I'm not entirely certain.

{{2 hours ago, Wetbriefs said:

I read "depends" and actually thought of Depends. Lol!

}}

That's pretty funny. I've never tried diaper wetting, but I've always been curious. Maybe I'll give it a shot sometime.

