Hand in warm water? (Test to see if it works)

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2016-03-17 14:19

Ok, a group of us did tests to see if this would work over the summer of our junior to senior year of high school (ik sounds fake but we all love science and theories, so think as you will). There were 6 of us, 3 girls and 3 boys. We wanted to see if it worked on anyone, everyone, under certain circumstances, or if sex had a factor.

The girls names were Alex, Taylor, and Erica.

The guys names were Nathan, Michael, and Timothy.

The first test we did was the person we did it on knew we were going to do it. The results were all the same and no one wet the bed. The next test we did the same thing, except we didn't use the restroom before bed. This time and the results were the same (alex woke up suddenly and ran to the bathroom, however).

The second test we did was the person had no knowledge of the testing. Every Thursday through Sunday we would stay at nathans place because this way we could test and he had enough rooms so we could each have our own (we were all friends as well so it made it easier).2 people would wake up a night and do the test (one boy and one girl to do the test on their own sex). If someone didn't wet their bed they were responsible for doing it on the fourth night. Alex and Erica wet their bed on the first night. The third night Michael did and Alex did on the fourth. We wanted to see if you not going to bathroom would change results, so we all stayed 2 weeks and not used the restroom before bed each night. Everyone except for Timothy wet their bed during this test. (Note the entire second test went on for 3 weeks and more often than not we stayed dry). No one wet their bed more than 4 times in test 2.

The third test was cold water to see it made any difference. We found out that cold water had a lesser effect of making someone wet the bed as only Alex did (she has a really small bladder ig).

The final test we did was play sounds of water quietly up to their ear and this one had the best results. Alex had enough of this as she wet her bed on her own as a result of this and wanted to stop for fear this would become a permanent issue (according to her since this experiment she has wet her bed 7 times since). Anyways she wasn't included in this experiment. The first one to be tested on was Taylor. We noticed that it always took a bit for it to take effect, but the first night, Taylor (only wet her bed once) and Nathan wet their beds and in a faster manner. This testing went on for 2 weeks and although the first night brought promise only 3 times since did someone wet their bed. (We were back to the Thursday-Sunday schedule for this one.)

Anyways after this one we were done and dedicated part of our summer to wetting the bed. (Ex 1- one week) (Ex 2- 3 weeks) (Ex 3- one week) (Ex 4- 2 weeks) Well at least the nights we did. This is what we concluded that some people rarely wet the bed while others do it a lot more. In our group girls were more prone to do it but even with help it was rare. Again I understand how fake this sounds, and if you choose not to believe me that's fine. Point is we've concluded that the hand in warm water trick does work but not often and only on certain people. Hope you enjoyed!

Alex: 5 times

Taylor: 2 times

Erica: 4 times

Nathan: 2 times

Michael: 3 times

Timothy: never

*004*2016-03-17 20:57

{{: 

Can you post the sound of water you were playing?

}}

Lol we just looked it up on youtube. Anything works but even then it barely worked

