Summer Shenanigans

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2019-05-20 14:20

Hello my wonderful Omo community!

IT’S SUMMER!! At least where I live.

What’s my most active time of year for holding, wetting, and all similar? Summer!

I thought I would start this thread to chronicle all my happenings this season, and to help keep them in order (more for myself, but hopefully you’ll enjoy too!)

So I wish all you lovely humans out there a prosperous season, and wish you all the best in your endeavors!

*001*2019-05-20 14:46

Yesterday, I had my first notable experience of the Summer.

I live a little over an acre of land, and have quite a large garden towards the back. It’s behind a row of bushes, so from the road, you can see that someone is back there, but you cannot tell any details whatsoever about what they’re doing.

I spend a lot of time out there during the Summer. It’s how I feed myself from mid June until early September (minus meat / fish).

I also drink a HUGE amount of water before, during, and after working in it. I typically shoot for about 500 mL an hour. It’s in direct sunlight (it is a garden after all) so that’s about the minimum amount of water I need to at least feel healthy. As with such intake though, I pee a lot. A LOT.

Working directly with the dirt, I get pretty filthy. Far too dirty to be going inside to use the bathroom every time I had to go.

Usually, I start to feel the need about every half hour to 45 minutes.

My options are pretty limited - I don’t want to go inside and get everything dirty, I could try and hold, but even then, I’d probably only last an hour and a half at a time. So what do I do? Well, I just go right in the garden.

Drinking as much as I do to combat the heat and direct sun, my wee is nearly clear. And I’m always in different parts of the garden, so I don’t worry about any ill effects I might have on the plants. If anything, they’re happy for the water.

Since I’m already down near the ground, I just pull one shorts leg off to the side a little, and go wherever I am. And nobody from the road could ever tell what I was doing because of the bushes, and the fact that I’m near the ground already for weeding and planting. It’s perfect!

That is, it’s perfect until our street got a new post delivery driver who wanted to make a good impression. He saw me in back, in the garden, and decided to come back and introduce himself.

I appreciate the gesture. Except that as he approached, I was squatted down, near beginning of stream, back to the road side.

I don’t know how much he saw, as I heard his footsteps approaching about halfway through, and cut off my stream in an instant.

I pulled my shorts back, stood up and turned around just as he got to the front gate to the garden.

How do I know he saw my stream? Well, as I walked over to the gate to introduce myself and get my mail from him, he said, “I uh. Hi. I’m... I’m... Hi, I’m sorry, did I interrupt you?”

Yes.

However, I kept myself together and said, “No, not at all. Just getting some weeding done. I’m *name*, and you must be our new post delivery.”

I reached out to shake his hand, but then pulled back and said, “Oh sorry, don’t want to get you dirty.”

I was initially referencing the dirt on my hand, but then I realized the ends of two of my fingers were noticeably wet.

The poor post delivery had no idea what to do or say. I felt like I had broken his thought process.

I simply collected my mail from him, wished him a good day, and returned to my weeding.

As I heard him turn around, and his footsteps start leaving, I pulled my shorts back to the side to finish. I still had to go after all.

Thats the first time I’ve ever been caught going in my garden. I also think it was a proper and wonderful way to start off my Summer.

Hope you enjoyed and I would venture to say many more stories of my adventures to come!

*002*2019-05-22 14:29

Yesterday, I had to go to Urgent Care for a Tetanus shot. Fear not! I wasn’t actually hurt, it was just for work.

I set up a check in time for 1 PM online, and then went about my day. I went out to work in the garden and continued with my usual rate of water consumption and then watering some of the plants from myself.

One thing I forgot to mention in my last post - when I’m out in the garden, drinking a higher volume and going quite frequently, there’s really no need to wipe. Which I find so freeing! I mean, sure, I get a few last drops in my undies. But that’s fine. I usually wear older or more unflattering pairs for the yard work. And my wee is so diluted, the drops are basically water and don’t stain. I haven’t done a proper shave down there for the summer yet, so sometimes my lower hair feels a little moist, which get a little uncomfortable if I’m out there for a number of hours, but that’ll be fixed soon enough.

After about three hours and four garden wees, I noticed it was just before noon. I finished my current cup of water, and went inside yo clean up and get ready.

The fun starts here!

While in the shower, I noticed I had a bit of a need to go. Nothing serious though. If I were still outside, I would have gone. If I were just living my daily life, I would not have gone to the toilet. Being in the shower though, I normally would have just let it out. I’m certainly no stranger to taking a wee in the shower. But today, the contents of my bladder stayed right where they were.

Getting dressed and doing make up and such, I noticed a marked increase in my need to go. It went from an afterthought, to an actual relevant need. I decided to go with bright yellow V string undies and jean shorts. I also tossed a liner in. More because I was getting kind of excited rather than specifically for a leak, but either way

By the time I got to the Urgent Care and checked into my saved time, I properly had to go. I could feel my badder starting to push out against my shorts and I was starting to find it difficult to sit completely still.

After about a 20 minute wait, my name was called and I was taken back to a room and left to wait for the Doctor.

I have several little games I play with myself, and strategies I use during a hold. One strategy is how to tell if I’m actually desperate, or just really need to go (These things matter! Lol). So I take a deep breath and hold hold myself. If I feel instantly significantly better, I’m desperate. If it helps, but isn’t making or breaking the hold, I only really need to go.

Yesterday, as I stood in the Urgent Care exam room, holding my crotch, I was officially desperate.

The Doc came in about 10 minutes later (fortunately I wasn’t holding myself, and was still holding). He was young, maybe early 30’s, in shape, pleasant. We chatted for a few minutes before he gave me the shot.

I’m not afraid of needles. But apparently, when I am stuck by one while officially desperate for a wee, my bladder likes to contract. Hard. With no warning.

I must have showed outward signs of my internal battle as the Doc asked if I was okay.

Now, he was some pretty sweet eye candy. I was not about to admit that I almost just lost my purposefully full bladder all over his exam table.

I did, however partially joke, partially seriously tell him that his needle made me need to use the restroom.

One of the games I play with myself is to guess how many stalls are in a restroom before going in. If I’m right, I’m allowed to go. If I’m wrong, I must wait in the bathroom / in a stall for 3-5 minutes, then leave without relief as punishment for being wrong.I also wait so I don’t walk in then immediately out and appear weird or suspicious.

I figured the restroom here was going to be single occupancy. The Doc showed me to the door, and I entered to find 2 stalls, side by side. 2 stalls! What Urgent Care uses stalls and not single occupancy?!

I cursed at myself and started a timer on my phone. Those 2 stalls looked so inviting right now and my bladder throbbed several times in both anticipation and protest. I had one hand firmly digging into my groin to help hold until the door to the bathroom burst open.

In came a girl a little younger than myself, clearly in great need, though not holding herself. Our eyes met for a second before she dashed into the first stall. She unleashed an absolute raging stream, making my own need leap. I now constantly felt my bladder pushing out hard against my shorts and I had certainly lost at least a few drops.

Part of me almost awaited an explanation from her as to why she was so bursting, but no such luck. I imagined she had just lost track of time before her check in time, and rushed here without any concern for bladder forethought.

As my timer hit 3 minutes, I promptly exited the bathroom as the girl in the stall was starting to clean up. Passing her stall on the way out, I could see her purple thong pulled down. She hadn’t 100% made it in time.

I quickly left having taken care of paperwork and insurance upon first arriving, and made a quick stride out to my car. Once in my car, I unbuttoned and unzipped my jean shorts, allowing my bladder to push out freely. I felt better, but was now just running on borrowed time.

About halfway home, I had to pull off to the side of the road and hold myself firmly while bending over.

Im not opposed to weeing on the side of the road. I’ve done so several times, actually. But only in 2 instances - When I’m not trying to hold at all and just want to go about my day comfortably, and when I set out to purposefully go somewhere public. Yesterday was neither of those, so no roadside wee for me.

While pulled over, I took the opportunity to pull my shorts off completely. My bladder bulged out even further and felt a little better, but again, I was on borrowed time.

I finally got home, left hand firmly holding myself over my undies. I knew I couldn’t wait to unlock the door and make it inside. So instead, I jumped out of my car and ran straight back to my garden. The first plant I saw that was behind the bushes (a cucumber plant) was my target. I didn’t even try to pull my panties down, choosing instead to just push them to the side.

My stream started while I was still standing. I was just about to squat down when I realized how strong my stream was. It would likely dig a hole into the dirt and potentially hurt the roots. So I stayed standing and releasing. I don't really have any aim so I did my best to try and make sure as little as possible ended up on the leaves of the plant.

I sighed in great relief as my stream finally started to slow. I pulled back and stopped the remainder of my wee. My legs were dripping wet soaked and the ground in front of me was fairly well watered.

Small specks of mud had splashed up and stuck to my legs. I needed another shower. And the remaining wee I had left in my bladder was about to become shower pee.

*004*2019-06-19 00:09

Last week, I went to the beach with a friend for the first time this year. Sure, I’ve been to the beach already, a few times. But what I mean is last week was the first time I was going to lay out on the beach, on a towel, in a bikini, The whole nine yards.

Now if you’ve come for a story of me setting myself in front of my friend, or dashing off into the ocean in a last second dash to relief, or any of the similar, I’m sorry to inform you, this post will not fulfill those daydreams. It was nice day, at no point did I ever even approach questioning if I could hold it, and both my friend and I stayed dry.

No, this post is about the prep work the night before my beach day. My hair down there typically depends on the season. Pending no dates with high hopes / expectations, I go full she bush all winter long. A nice trim and shape up in the Spring. Summer is smooth and clean, a landing strip at most. And Fall starts the return of my lady forest.

So the night before going to the beach, I had to shave. Well, I didn’t have to, but I’ve worn a bikini with my Spring trim before, and it’s fairly embarrassing. First off, it sticks out the sides and there’s usually some that grown in areas just outside where the bikini covers. Secondly, a thick post-winter bush sticks out like a sore thumb in the thin fabric of a bottom. It’s fine for when I’m by myself, trying them on, shopping for them, etc. But really just not my style for public. Especially with plans to visit a nude beach later this summer.

Every year, I like to spice up my hack, slash, and shave fest. Keeps things interesting and helps pass the time. It usually takes a solid half hour to do it properly and get everything under control. Last year, I was on the phone with my then boyfriend while fighting my overgrown she garden. It turned me on so much knowing I was all over every part of me he regularly begged to be. The year before, I tried doing it while watching a movie. Fun fact, didn’t work well.

This year however, I decided to try and do it while at the tail end of a hold. I figured it would be rather challenging to trim and shave while bouncing and squirming. Plus, I’d have to have my legs open and spread the whole time. Talk about a challenge.

I went through most of my day normally, then started upping my water intake to around 400 mL an hour for the last 2 hours of the workday. I had to go before I left work, then again an hour after I got home, but continued to keep that pace with my water drinking.

About an hour later, I really had to go. I could see a bit of a bladder bulge forming, but more importantly, I felt a lot of the pressure trying to work its way out.

It was time. I went into the bathroom, took my shorts and underwear completely off, and sat down on the toilet. It was at that moment my pee hole sprang to life and felt like it was actively trying to push my full bladder out. Of course it was. I had a full bladder and was sitting on the toilet, naked from the waist down. It didn’t care about my plans, it wanted relief.

I crossed my legs and shoved a hand into my crotch, potty dancing on the potty for a few minutes before I regained enough control to proceed.

I spread my legs open, felt my bladder throb, and grabbed my pair of personal grooming scissors I had on the sink. Clipping the big main parts off wasn’t too bad and went fairly quickly. However, my real struggle started as I had to start going after the less easy to reach areas. As I pulled myself up to reach the lower half of my lower half, I saw it before I felt it. A quick, sharp spurt of pee shot straight out of me. Because I was pulling myself up, it fired straight out of me and hit the side of my tub.

I was so taken by shock I immediately let go of myself in an effort for the stream to go into the toilet instead of all over my bathroom. The next several minutes went by pretty much in a repeating pattern - move myself in a various direction, clip some hair, lose a spurt in a completely unexpected and often not ideal direction, let go and regain control of my stream while going in the toilet, repeat.

I finished trimming with about a half full bladder left. I stood up, grabbed a few pics of both myself and my recently severed lower lady lashes swimming in my recently evacuated pee, and moved on to finish up. (Side note, after I finished shaving myself clean, I simply left the bathroom, naked from the waist down, shiny and clean, and with a refilling bladder for some more fun later.)

