Workout at gym went wrong

Author: Elyra

*000*2017-07-10 18:35

Hey guys, it's me again :)

As you know, I live with my girl and I love sharing our experiences. This one was really bad and I still feel kinda awful for my poor girl, but I just have to share it. Please let me know, what you think :)

My girl and I go to the gym few times per week and do our exercises. Normally, we're never apart but this evening a new course started and we were separated to work with someone else. She was brought together with a girl named Lia. I knew she had a crush on my girl and therefore, I wasn't really pleased with this situation.

My girl wasn't pleased as well, she came home late this evening and didn't use the bathroom. We never planned wetting in public. We live in a small village and we're the weird girls that live together anyway so there's no need to give them more to gossip, so we're normally very very careful.

So my girl was with this girl forming a group, she had to pee, I knew the signs but hoped she could use the bathroom in the next minutes.

But the trainer talked for ages and I could see my girl feeling worse with every minute. I got distracted, when my partner told me to lay down and explained, what we had to do. It was kind of a trusting test, one lays down and the other pretends to drop a Basketball. If you trust your partner, you don't try to catch the ball. So we did this, my partner didn't drop it and I could watch my girl again.

She laid down, pressing her legs together. She is a skinny girl with a very flat tummy, but I could see the bulge of her bladder very well. Lisa had the ball and the moment she watched my girl, smiling in a very mean way. I didn't feel good about this smile and I was right...

Instead of pretending to drop the ball, she smashed it down, right on my girls bladder.

I still remember her painful scream, she doubled over and then I could see, she had lost control, a puddle formed around her. Lisa was laughing so hard, I felt so bad for my girl but was really furious too. I rushed over, snarled at Lisa what a stupid (I won't repeat the exact word, it's really nasty) she was and slapped her in the face.

Then I brought my crying girl into the shower, cleaned her up and tried to comfort her. I brought her home and we changed the gym afterwards, so we would never see Lisa again.

This happened about 2 years ago and I still feel bad for my girl and she still is very embarrassed when she remebers this incident.

*005*2017-07-11 14:12

{{19 hours ago, Riptide101 said:

I'd sue them for that. Literally physical assault.

}}

I wanted to, but my girl just wanted to forget.

She was so ashamed and it took several days until she could go outside without only watching the floor.

But now, everything is ok again, she didn't los her liking on omo :)

