Needed to pee on bus ride

Author: No Toilet

*000*2021-04-15 19:00

I was riding a once a day bus route yesterday afternoon, it was about an hour and a half long from terminus to terminus. I didn't think about urinating before I got aboard as I do such trips on a regular basis and had no signs that I needed to pee.

Only a little way into the journey I started becoming desperate for a wee, however as this was a standard urban double decker there was no board toilet and thus the only thing I could do was to hold it till the end of the route. Thankfully the traffic was light so the motion of the bus moving along helped ease the pressure on my bladder. However every time the bus braked for traffic lights or for passengers to join/alight the vehicle, it made my situation worse and at one prolonged stop I thought I was about to full on wet myself there and then but the bus started to move again.

I reached the terminus in the middle of a housing area and of course it really did hit me that I badly needed to go toilet. Initially, there wasn't anywhere obvious at all I could relieve myself but a couple of minutes walk away I discovered an open expense of playing field with a cluster of trees nearby. With no one in sight I headed straight towards the trees and finally emptied my bladder onto the undergrowth.

I so needed that!

{{1 minute ago, No Toilet said:

}}

*002*2021-04-19 18:46

{{On 4/17/2021 at 12:31 AM, lsn1 said:

I love it. Public transport desperation stories are always my favorite, and I often fantasize about drinking a giant 2 liter bottle of water before getting on a long bus or train ride.

Weren't you afraid someone might have seen you urinating outside though? What if there had been traffic? Do you think you could have held it in?

}}

I made sure before I got my penis out of my pants that no one was nearby before I relieved myself in the wooded area but due to my toilet situation at home I am open about urinating outside as I don't know how to use a lavatory. Thus I feel uncomfortable going in the men's room and prefer to find other places to pee if I need to... even if it means wetting myself.

