Fucked in my own puddle!

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-08-29 20:05

The other night was exquisite!

Not my usual detail, just the raw, wet, sexy facts.

I came home with a full bladder and told my hubby I really had to pee. He picked up on my cues and pulled me into the bedroom. Threw down our waterproof mat. Roughly undressed me until I was only wearing a rather sexy bra and panties.

He then pinned me down on the bed, all the while I was complaining about having to pee and squirming about.

After a few minutes of struggling, I just wet myself, soaking my panties and creating a huge puddle underneath me.

He then stripped off my wet panties and fucked me hard while I was laying in my delicious and warm puddle.

I cam very quickly and then just lay there as he rode me hard.

$$

$$

$$

It was incredibly hot, and I just wanted to share.

The best sex is the kind where the room smells like pee afterwards and you have to shower off, if only you could stand up to walk to the shower.

*011*2019-08-31 06:48

Thanks everyone, it was absolutely delightful

*014*2019-09-01 22:10

{{On 8/31/2019 at 6:51 AM, PrincessPeeach said:

Right?!?! The only thing missing is a few lighthearted spankings for wetting my panties

}}

Oh I was way too out of it for that, but it would have been nice!

*016*2019-09-02 22:23

{{16 hours ago, greg66 said:

Oh no, THANK YOU for sharing. So hot soaked in piss and fucking.. Love as you say the fragrance of piss mmmmmmm

}}

*020*2019-09-04 06:03

Mmm wet make out times are fun!

*023*2019-09-06 06:02

{{12 hours ago, Sentinelchicken said:

@rachelkirwan

So hot. Have you considered/ would you consider photos/videos of that kind of full event maybe on your personal site or another sharing site?

}}

Ah well, I did make custom videos for a while, but it took way too much time and effort. So I'm sticking with panties. But I do sell panties from these kinds of adventures and write about what I got up to in the panties

