Small wetting accident in you underwear after peeing when you're cold?

Author: CarmenCD

*000*2019-12-08 14:18

I just wonder how common is a problem I have every winter or when I'm cold and how do you deal with it? Is protection the only answer or you can do something else to battle leaks like that?

It happens often if I'm cold and have to pee. I use a bathroom normally, pee and normally finish peeing, but when I put my penis back in my panties, some extra urine comes out of the blue and my panties are suddenly wet. Often it doesn't even feels like I'm peeing, I just notice panties got wet suddenly. Sometimes is only a small patch, sometimes so much pee comes out even my pants get wet patch between my legs if I don't have sanitary pad in my panties. It's annoying and can be embarrassing if it happens when I really don't want it, like at work for example.

It's not like omo fun, but a real annoyance. It happened again just yesterday. Temperature outside was bellow zero and I was outside for a while before we went into a restaurant to have dinner. When I came inside, I was already a bit desperate, but not like a major desperation, just felt I had to pee. I went to a bathroom, peed normally, put my panties and pants back on and suddenly I get wet feeling in my panties. I lowered my pants and my panties are totally wet between my legs. I didn't have spare one with me and I had to stay in wet panties throughout the dinner in a restaurant with my parents. I just hoped I won't start to smell or someone notice my pants became wet between my legs. Luckily no one noticed, but at occasions like that wetting accidents are not fun at all and would prefer to avoid them.

