Lost control

Author: AquaticGoddess

*000*2018-06-15 21:57

So today I finally decided to go all out. I drank loads, I peed loads and never in the toilet. It was really liberating and I'm still feeling horny as hell from it all.

I only intended to do one hold today. Primed and ready for action, I started downing those glasses of water. Heck, I've been struggling to keep hydrated in the warm weather. Not today my friends, not today.

I distracted myself as my bladder filled up by scrolling through here and Tumblr looking for inspiration. I didn't want to do what I had always done but I didn't know what my options were either. I was getting seriously impatient at this point and I think I drank too much water in one go because I felt quite sick at one point. But heck, I was achieving my goal faster than I thought. I ploughed on.

My impatience was growing as was my need to pee which had reached a seven. This has been my safe point before so I got my trusty jar and decided, instead of doing what I always did, that I would go out of my room somewhere I could be caught.

Facing a full length mirror on the landing of my house I started peeing into the jar. At this point I was so excited pee wasn't the only juice that was entering the jar and I began to doubt capacity. I was holding the jar up by wedging it between my thighs but the weight was threatening to dislodge it. Putting one hand underneath, I watched the jar fill yellow. In the end it was about 300ml and about 3/4 up the jar. That was pretty good for me and about the limit I normally reached.

After this I cleaned up and, ummm.... changed panties. You know, casualties of war and all that.

Then one of the guys messaged me on here about another hold. I thought heck, why not, YOLO swag and all that jazz. I started drinking even more water. I definitely was not going to die of dehydration. Drowning, maybe.

This time I had a time goal of two hours. At the start I could feel my need to pee but it was nothing too major. I wiled away the time chatting to this guy and doing chores round the house. An hour in and doing the washing up with my hands in warm, soapy water was torture! I then needed to go and water the garden which involved so many running water sounds you wouldn't believe. Watering the front garden was the worst because, being on a busy road with nosy neighbours, I could not have an accident there!

About fifteen minutes short of my goal I started leaking. I panicked because I had my nice jeans on, ones I definitely did not want to wet! I managed to grab an old towel and shove that between my legs to contain the drips as I waddled to the bathroom. At this point, my jeans and panties were round my ankles, the towel was wedged firmly between my legs and I had one hand to open doors to get to the bathroom.

Upon entering the bathroom I decided peeing in the toilet after coming this far would be a waste. So it was, with the door to the rest of the house wide open, that I hopped up on the sink and peed. I loved hearing the sound of pee hitting the porcelain side of the sink and it running down the pipes. The added drama of being fully visible. I kind of enjoyed being so high up as well (I'm short ok :P).

I felt sooooooo happy, elated, horny, satisfied and all the good feelings that, after cleaning up from round two, I went back to my room to finish off....a few times....

Hope you enjoyed the description as much as I loved the event. Urgh, no-one told me it would be this good!

