New to the site, plus A Desperate Trip to the Mall With My Wife

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-10-03 04:56

Hello all! I’m going to start with an introduction, but you can skip a few paragraphs for my story if you’d like.

I’ve been a semi-frequent lurker for a while, but never contributed. I’ve always wanted to write down my experiences for others to enjoy, but just never found the time until now. I must admit that a recent super-hot experience was the catalyst - I will write about it soon. The story below is an unexpected bonus from this morning.

While I do enjoy wetting, what really does it for me is the desperation. I have no idea why it turns me on so much, but seeing a woman who needs to pee but can’t is just amazing. The wetting is almost a letdown because that means the desperation ended, but I definitely love it when you see a nice, long, forceful pee as evidence of how much they were holding back.

Aside from a few more incidents (one of which I will write about in the future), my next settings were courtesy of my first wife. Overall the relationship was pretty miserable, but it provided a lot of desperation encounters which I’ll go into on separate posts.

The main topic, however, is my current wife. We have been together for about 4 years, and they have been amazing. We are truly best friends and love doing things together. What is relevant to this site, however, is her bladder. She has quite a small bladder - when we are sitting around the house, she will pee every 30-45 minutes, and not uncommonly several times in a 30 minute period.. She also has an amazing ability to hold it. While her normal pees take less than 10 seconds, and even her “desperate” pees can only be 20 seconds, there have been occasions where she had a gushing stream for a solid minute. I’m not sure how she does it, but it is amazing. Now for the story!

A Desperate Trip to the Mall With My Wife

This weekend, we took a trip to a nearby city (about and hour away) for the night. It was a much needed weekend of relaxation. There was some mind-blowing wet sex that night, but thats for another post.

We went to a mall this morning for some shopping to celebrate her new promotion. We went down for breakfast about 9:30 where she had a coffee and some juice. When we got up to the room, she peed (at about 10AM) then we packed everything up.We hopped in the car for the ~30 minute drive to the mall, which we had never been to, then lunch and some hiking afterwards. Since we live in Texas, it’s still hot outside, so I made sure we were both hydrated. It really was for the hike, but it had the side effect of filling bladder. When we got the mall at 11, I was half expecting her to immediately seek out the bathroom, but she was overwhelmed with the mall, so we walked around looking at stores.

As I mentioned before, she can hold it for a long time. Due to her small bladder, she has apparently learned to shut it out and move the need to the back of her mind when she can't go. She also has ADD, and can legitimately forget she needs to pee for a while. I think that’s what happened. We wandered around the mall for another 30 minutes before I started seeing some signs. She doesn't do much that is noticeable, but I've learned to pick them out. She started getting kinda fidgety and not being as interested in things. It had begun.

Another thing about my wife is that she doesn’t like to point out that she needs to pee until she either sees a restroom or its getting bad. We continued along for another 15 minutes before she finally told me she needed to find a bathroom as we were leaving a store. I could tell this wasn’t a casual request, but more “I need to pee quickly.” I checked my watch and it said 11:50. Almost 2 hours since her last pee, with a coffee, a glass of juice, and about a liter of water.

We walked to the nearby department store, which she immediately scouted for a bathroom. Neither of us saw one which is quite weird as they normally have one. We walked around the store with her looking at the clothes for a bit, before we went upstairs. She immediately looked around very intently for a bathroom, but there was none to be seen. At this point, I saw her do her “well, I can't pee, so I'll just deal with it” thing. Bonus for me! We looked around for a little while, then we left because she didn't find anything she was interested in. +10 minutes.

At this point, I figured she'd go find a bathroom and that would be it. However, we walked for a bit without seeing any signs of one. She was overwhelmed with the mall, and apparently managed to forget the need for the time. We walked around some other stores for a little bit, and found some interesting things to check out. Suddenly she said “OK, I HAVE to find a bathroom”. +20 minutes.

Walking out of the store, I thought surely we would quickly find a bathroom, and I was genuinely hoping she would find one as I hate to see her suffer. However, when she is stuck, particularly if its partially her doing, I can’t help but enjoy it. This is when I struck gold! We turned the corner and saw a giant Forever 21, which is her favorite store. She went straight into the store, apparently having forgotten her bladder. She went all over the store, checking out everything and going through lots of racks. I am always amazed at how distracted she can get, and this was a perfect case. Finally, after almost 30 minutes, she had seen everything there was to see and left. +50 minutes.

Upon leaving, I could see she was getting VERY desperate. We walked around and still didn’t see any signs of bathrooms. What the heck? I had seen a sign on the first floor, but couldn’t find it where we were. Finally we saw the food court, and knew they had to have one there. She walked rapidly towards it, with me following, then slowed up saying “I don’t see it!” Finally we found it, and she nearly sprinted towards it. I ducked into the Men’s, which was first, hoping to find an empty bathroom with a stall where I could quickly take care of my “situation”. Unfortunately, there was just a single open urinal, so I had to make due with awkwardly trying to pee with a hard-on.

I walked outside, expecting to see my wife waiting for me. What I saw, however, was a line going into the ladies, and my wife was still outside - I couldn’t believe it! She saw me and I could tell she was at her wit’s end. She was furiously tapping her foot, had one hand buried in her crotch and had the other semi-covering it with her frantically tapping fingers. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing - it was just like something out of my fantisies! As soon as she saw me, however, she tried to calm down but couldn’t do much. I checked the nearby family restroom, which had been open earlier, to get her relief sooner (and let me hear it!). Unfortunately, it was in use. I looked back at my wife and she had barely moved (apart from her near-dancing!). I just sat there trying to keep my jaw closed and conceal my massive erection. I was really wishing I could film her, but there were too many people around to do it discretely.

Finally, she moved back into the actual bathroom, but it was still another several minutes before she came out. She washed her hands at the sink outside, so she had just come from the toilet which meant there was still a wait inside. She must have been in the line close to 10 minutes. When she got to me, the first thing she said was “that was terrible!” I’ve never heard her use those words to describe this, so it must have been pretty bad. Next she glanced down at my concealed pants, casually brushed them, then looked back at me with wide eyes. What can I say, I can’t help it!

Even as amazing as this was, what’s even better is that this wasn’t even the last desperation of the day! It may not have been as intense, but it was still pretty awesome. I’ll leave that for my next post, though. Hope you enjoyed it!

*002*2016-11-09 23:59

If there wasn't a bathroom she definitely could have held on longer, but when she gets close to one it is much harder for her to hold on. She did enjoy the relief very much, though!

I should also clarify that she drinks a lot of water throughout the day which causes her to pee more, so her bladder is small but not tiny. Still, I don't think I've seen her voluntarily go longer than 2-3 hours without a pee except when she's dehydrated.

*003*2016-11-10 18:27

As promised, here is the rest of the day’s adventures! As you recall, my wife (let’s call her “Jenna”) had recently just held on for over an hour after she initially told me she definitely need to find a place to pee.

I assume this is common for when you hold on too long, but my wife normally needs to pee again soon after holding it that long. While this is almost always the case, I wasn’t counting on it today. The reason? We were about to go hiking. It was still hot outside by most people’s standards (mid-high 80’s), and my wife still isn’t used to drinking enough water to stay properly hydrated.

After her frantic pee at 1 PM, we left to get something to eat. I tried to make sure she drank enough to avoid dehydration (which has happened before with her), but I only got her to drink less than 2 glasses of water. On the plus side, she has a water bottle that holds ~ 1 liter for the hike, so she at least had something.

Once we finished eating, we hopped in the car and drove down the road to the trail head. I’ve been to the trail once before earlier in the week and loved it. As we were pulling up, though, I realized that there were a lot of other people who loved it too. We parked our car and hit the trail around 2. It became immediately clear that the trail was quite busy. It wasn’t anything like popular trails in national parks where its just crammed with people, but you saw people very frequently. This immediately got my imagination going.

Jenna is very in-touch with nature, bordering on a hippie/naturalist in some ways. She loves the outdoors and everything out it, including peeing outside. However, she doesn’t like being seen by a stranger, or even having a stranger know she’s peeing. This factors into a number of my stories with her, but for this occasion, it meant she probably wouldn’t be able to pee on this trail. I’ve been on it, and there isn’t any good cover. With the number of people, it was unlikely there would even be a gap enough for her to squat. In fact, I wouldn’t have even had time to pee.

I was secretly hoping she had drunk enough to get desperate along the trail, but I was sadly disappointed. She would periodically stop, and occasionally look at side trails - I kept hoping she would talk about needing to find a place to pee, but it never happened. We reached the car around 3:30 with no signs of a filling bladder.

I just knew she was going to immediately ask me to find a bathroom, but it didn’t happen, so I started on the way back home. She has 2 kids from a previous marriage, and they were with their dad this weekend so we decided to pick them up on the way back home. It is on the other side of our hometown from where we spent the weekend, so we drove nearly past our house to get there. Still not believing she didn’t need to pee yet, I was amazed she didn’t want to stop in for a pee.

We drive this route at least 4 times a month to drop off and pick up the kids from their dad’s (he’s useless and never comes to get them). It’s about 30 minutes 1 way with no traffic, but there’s almost always something that causes it to take a little longer. What is particularly notable about this drive is there is basically nowhere that Jenna will pee. It is rural and doesn’t go past any businesses except for 1 small town. It has 1 place with a public bathroom, and she absolutely won’t go there. She’s a bit OCD with cleanliness, so she will pass up dirty bathrooms even when she really needs to pee.

Almost as soon as we turn off the highway, at 4:30, I could tell she realised she needed to pee. She changed her position a little and became less talkative. She’s kinda fidgety anyway, and always taps her fingers or feet along with the music, but the more she needs to pee the more intense they get. At this point, it was ~4:30. It had been 3 ½ hours since her last pee, which is one of the longer times I can remember. The length was obviously due to sweating out the water that would have gotten filtered by her kidneys, but still remarkable for her. Apparently the water she was sipping in the car was finally catching up to her.

At this point, I could tell she was trying to get the need to pee out of her mind. She was partially successful, but it's hard because she gets very bored on this drive. As we were getting close, she suddenly said “Oh, I guess I should let me know we’re coming early”. I asked her “Wait, you didn’t tell him we were going to be early?” She rolled her eyes, telling me “No, I told him we would be there between 5 and 5:30, so he should be there."

Unfortunately for her, we got there about 4:55 and he wasn’t there. She looked annoyed and texted him asking where he was, which he obviously didn’t reply to. I’m surprised she didn’t say anything about needing to pee, as she normally does, but she also doesn’t like making a big deal about it in front of the kids and I think she didn’t want me getting horny with them in the car. I’ve also seen her a lot worse on this particular drive, so I think she knew she could make it back to the house.

We sat around, with her getting increasingly fidgety, for another 10 minutes before he pulled up. The kids went inside and grabbed their stuff, but she still stay talked to their dad for at least 5 more minutes, all the while shifting her weight around. I’ve never understood why she continues to do things that keep her from the bathroom. I think it because she’s gotten used to having a full bladder all the time, so she just ignores it and does whatever she was going to do. When she finally got in the car, we headed home. It was now 5:15, 45 minutes past when I think she noticed her need to pee.

He lives right next to a railroad crossing, and I could see her wince a little as we crossed it. When we pulled up to the highway, I could see a car coming quickly, so I decided to wait instead to pulling out in front of him. She immediately said “What are you doing? Why didn’t you go?!?!” We then saw that there was a long line of cars after that one. I made a disgruntled sound, and I think she understood that I was annoyed as well so she dropped it. We continued on behind this group, which was luckily going close to the speed limit, until the small town we pass through.

For whatever reason, there was an abnormally long line of cars at the single light in this town. It turned green and we moved forward, but I wasn’t sure we would make it. Sure enough, right before I got there, the light turned. As I stopped, she said “Why didn’t you go through?!”. I told her there was no way I was running a light on this town, which is know for an over-abundance of cops. Luckily for her, the light is fairly fast. Unfortunately for her, a large truck pulled out right in front of us. Knowing this road, I figured there was a small chance I would be able to pass him. Sure enough, even though he was going 15 MPH under the speed limit, there was no way I could pass. We finally turned on to the local highway going to our house, and I could see her getting ready even though we were almost 10 minutes away. However, I had noticed that my fuel light came on ealier and genuinely wasn’t sure I had enough gas to make it home then back to the station.

Nearing our house, I took a different exit from normal. I could see her trying to figure out what was going on, so I explained to her about the gas. She let out a huge sigh, and I could see her squeeze her thighs together rhythmically for about 30 seconds. I think she was trying to decide if she wanted to mess with going in to pee, and she seemed to getting ready for a mad dash as she already had her seatbelt off. She obviously wasn’t thinking straight, though, as the only gas station nearby that isn’t a total ripoff is at a Sam’s Club, which means it is in the middle of the parking lot with nothing else. As we pulled in, reality hit her, and she slowly put her seatbelt back on and sat back in the chair with a slow sigh.

I hate for her to suffer, but it does make me feel better about it when she was also responsible for a lot of the delays. When we finished up, I decided I would be nice and take the quicker route that cut through a neighborhood, as the normal route she takes is almost 5 minutes longer. It had the downside of having speed humps, and every time we hit one she made an “Oof” sound as it jarred her bladder. When we were getting close, she asked me if I had gotten the mail before we left. We hadn’t so she told me we should get it. I was amazed as our neighborhood mailbox is several minutes out of the way, but who am I to argue? At this point, I’m starting to think that she is purposely doing this for my enjoyment. She is VERY aware of my fetish, and is nice enough to indulge me even though its not something she directly enjoys.

When we got in the driveway, she jumped out of the car, but instead of running to the door, she went to the back to unload stuff from the trunk! I went back, and got some things as well to help. She beat me to the door, though, and sat there and said “won’t you hurry, this is hurting!” I think she was talking about the things she was holding, as she grabbed too much, but I’d like to think it was partly about her bladder as well. Much to my surprise, she went back out to get the rest of the things from the trunk, which I helped her with.

She has a very one-track-mind, and when she gets home it is almost always on the kids. She knew they were hungry, so she asked them if they wanted an eggo waffle (the quickest thing she could make). I watched her in awe as she was subtly squirming around, then followed her as she quickly made her way back to our bedroom.

She made a bee-line for the bathroom, with me closely in tow. She yanked her pants and underwear down in one quick motion and let out a massive gusher. It was now after 6, 5 hours since her last pee and 1.5 hours since she realized she needed to go. I was rock hard and had been for a while, so as she continued peeing I went around the corner to jack off, finishing in about 30 seconds.

*005*2016-11-12 15:31

Yeah, I've thought that as well; it's kinda hard to call. I think that is a certain part of it, possibly that it's very sensitive at first which is sent she will pee so frequently at times.

However she does definitely have a small bladder, it's just not tiny. I think that from a lifetime of holding it, she has stretched her bladder and trained herself to hold on well past when a normal person would have just wet themselves. Her will is so strong that she absolutely won't go in her clothes.

One thing story from her childhood stand out - she was staying in a place in the winter that still had an outhouse. It was cold and she didn't want to get out of her bed. She held on so long that when her parents got up in the morning and was crying and they had to carry her outside because she couldn't move.

*008*2016-11-27 04:59

I'm not into wetting, and she's definitely not into it, so it works out well for me. If she'd wet herself it probably would have ruined the day, but as it was we had some great sex that night! I was extra horny, which made her extra horny.....

