Wet myself in my backyard

Author: Lapis Lazuli

*000*2018-07-24 02:51

Hello >~< This is my first time posting a wetting experience here, and admittedly it felt like a bit of a missed opportunity, more on that later.

But I've been kind of stressed lately and I kind of wanted a day where i could just relax,,, so I did just that. For the sake of those of you who wanna know what I look like, I'm a tall and skinny trans girl, about 143 or so pounds. I was wearing a fairly form-fitting black long-sleeved shirt and a long skirt that's slashed along the sides. I really like this skirt because it accentuates my legs sjhfdghsfghd

I woke up today with a fairly full bladder after having not peed since about 11:00 yesterday, about a 4 or 5, enough for me to notice but not enough for me to really care. I woke up for a bit at about 6:30 and went back to bed about an hour and a half later, finally getting up for real at 9:30. By 10:30 my bladder had filled to a point where it was making its presence prominent, and at that point I had committed to holding it for the day. After getting breakfast I had remembered that both of my parents would be gone at work for a while after this, and i began to compose my plan. Throughout the day I would continue to drink periodic glasses of water (alongside a glass of juice at lunch) and enjoy the growing pressure and weight of my bladder, and eventually wet my skirt.

Now, I do have two brothers, one older and one younger. My plan was safe because they both stayed cooped up on the second floor all day, so I could go downstairs to pee, yet more thrilling in the sense that I had to walk past them to get to my room to change, the laundry room to wash my wet skirt, and the restroom to shower afterwards. Things got a little easier because at about 2:00 my older brother said that he was going out to the grocery store, which eliminated one of the variables, but didn't completely get rid of the thrill because I had to walk back upstairs past my younger brother in my wet skirt.

That was one of the two main caveats of my plan to wet- the other being that if i took a full bladder into a restroom, I would take a full bladder out. I didn't want to hide in the bathroom where people expect me to pee anyways, I wanted to be more dangerous. Once I had heard the announcement that my older brother was going to leave, I decided that once he left I would head downstairs to pee. At this time (which was about 2:00) I was at a solid 7, and the weight of my bladder and the pressure from holding in my pee felt great. I wish I could have held for several hours more but it was nearing the time when people would start to come home. (I actually have a really big bladder. I don't think I've ever had the chance to hold beyond an 8 or 9, so for a day that wasn't really meant for an extended session of holding until I was bouncing like jumping bean, I was honestly satisfied with this)

I continued to hold, looking out the window to see if my older brother had left yet. It took a long 20 minutes after that for him to depart, through which it had become hard to sit without fidgeting and occasionally holding myself. It wasn't until 2:25 that I decided to leave and do my business, but before heading outside I stopped in front of the mirror to admire my bladder bulge. It wasn't massive like some of the ones other people on this forum have been able to pull off, but my underbelly was still considerably more rounded than it is with an empty bladder inside it, enough that you would be able to notice.

But I've built this up enough already, it was time for me to let go. I stepped outside to our backyard and walked down the steps to the patio onto the grass- I was now standing in a place where anyone could, in theory, look over and see me wet myself, but I didn't care. I stood over the grass, separated my legs just a little bit, and let my burden fall.

It felt great. My pee immediately began to course out, running down my skirt, warming and tickling my legs, pushing through to fall down through the open air. Everything I had been holding in all morning began to spill out, my stresses falling off with them. It was a risky spot, but I didn't care? Other people can say what they will, I'm here for myself. Truly a lot spilled out- I ultimately ended up peeing for at least a minute straight, and not at all slowly, I made quite a mess of my skirt. I honestly wish I had thought to do it over the concrete instead of the grass, and taken photos; that way, I could have shown you my pee coursing down my legs and skirt, and making a puddle on the concrete.

Eventually my stream began to taper off, and I finished. I was standing there in the wet grass (i might add it had been a wet day anyways, as it had rained and it was very humid) and all I had to do was escape. I gave myself a little bit of time to admire my mess and let the smell air out, and began the trip back to my room. The first floor gave no resistance, but my younger brother was still sitting there playing video games on the TV right next to the door to my bedroom. After waiting for a bit to ensure he was focused in the game, I nonchalantly but quickly walked past him. (I had actually chosen a black skirt for this very reason, so it's harder to see after a moment if you don't look very closely).

Once I was inside my room I still had to pick out an outfit, but then I had to take that to the restroom too to change, so I had to walk past him twice. In fact, I had to walk past him three times, the third time not in my wet skirt, but with it and my wet undies in hand. It was a short experience, yet probably one of the most thrilling I've experienced in a while. I wonder if he got suspicious?

Pretty soon I had gotten my clothes in the washer and myself in the shower. All of the evidence of my huge mess was erased- by the rain, by the washing machine, and by the shower. It was something for my eyes, my mind, and my memories only- At least, not until now when I'm sharing it with you. How did I do? It's my first time sharing one of these stories, did I drag on? Don't be afraid to tell me how I can help myself make these stories more entertaining.

Thank you for reading!

*003*2018-07-25 04:12

{{14 hours ago, desplover1 said:

When you are older and move out of your parents' house (say, into a dorm or apartment) you will *relish* the privacy when your roommate is gone. Or try to get a single dorm/single apartment. You will love it.

}}

Getting an apartment all to myself would certainly be nice...

I will admit, I definitely am frustrated by my lack of options. I wish I had more chances to wet over a hard floor, and see how big of a puddle I can make...

