My first time

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2017-08-24 01:52

One thing about me, I never wet myself on purpose and have never wet myself by accident. I have a very strong bladder and can normally hold it for over a day. For the first time in my life I couldn't hold it and wet myself. Its actually a really funny story so enjoy!

Ok so my friend and I went on a hike Sunday and I drank a lot of water because water is life and I drink am minimum of a gallon a day. We go out to potato chip rock in California and let's say I don't do heights. And by I don't do heights I'm can't even look over a ledge on the third floor without freaking out. Potato chip rock is a beautiful mountain a big hike to the top where a rock hangs over the edge and I don't know why I thought it was a good idea to go but I was like fuck it!

So it was roughly 1400 when we decided to go and it's a 2 hour drive so we get there at around 1600. I packed a couple protein bars a Gatorade and a some sweatpants and a track jacket incase it got cold. So I had to go kinda bad at this point but I was like what ever I can find a bush if it gets too bad and we hiked up. So we get to the top and I'm bursting at this point and was like hold on imma take a piss real quick when my friend called me a bitch and told me I was just scared to get on the rock. He was 100% right but I wasn't going to let him do me like that so I climbed the first part and you kinda got to jump onto the next part. See I would normally be too scared to jump but I was about to piss myself so that made it worse.

I eventually jumped on the rock looked down and instantly laid down on the rock completely ignoring I had to piss. My friend got a phone call and said hold off I gotta take this and got off. I was like you're just going to leave me here!! He just started laughing and said imma head down if I don't see you in 10 minutes I'll come back up and see if your alive and left down the mountain.

At this moment I realized how bad I had to go and how scared I was to move. I slowly get on my knees and start crawling and I get the point where I have to jump down and lost my shit stepped back and fell on my ass. The moment I fell i felt warmth and realized I was peeing myself. I was in shock for a second tried to stop it and realized I couldn't. I'm gonna be honest I didn't realize it was nearly impossible to stop mid stream and peed for a full 10 seconds before I could stop. At this point I was soaked and still had to go pretty bad so I go to the edge of the rock to pee look down and turn around not realizing I started peeing again in my pants and when I did I literally didn't care and wasn't just too scared to go the the edge and just finished in my pants.

When I was done i was mortified at what I just did finally got off that stupid rock and thought how the hell am I supposed to explain this to my friend and then remembered I packed sweatpants. I changed fast as hell because A I was out in the open and was wearing brown khakis and B because I didn't want my friend to come up and know what happened. So I finish go down and my friend is coming back up and was like hey you're alive!!! I just laugh said fuck you and we finish going gown the mountain. The best part was when we finished he said hey didn't you have to pee? And I said you were right it was just an excuse to not get on the rock.

So there you go my first and hopefully only time I wet myself. Hope you enjoyed

