Back of the boss's car

Author: blisster

*000*2017-09-24 15:41

We had been on a business trip and I was in the back of my boss's jaguar sitting next to my new girl-friend who worked for the same outfit. It was late at night and we were both tired. I had drifted in and out of sleep for the last 50 miles and Jane's head rolled over onto my shoulder- which I kind of liked. I heard Jane whisper something but didn't quite catch it. I asked her to speak louder and she whispered more clearly "I am going to pee my panties if we don't stop soon". I said "you know what Dave (the boss is like) he won't want to." Jane sounded desperate and close to tears when she said how urgent it was and her panty pad was soaked. Then she said "you ask him". Knowing Dave was a bit sadistic to words women I changed the request to "Hey Dave I'm pissing myself back here, can we stop at a tree or something".

Dave grumbled but said "OK" and pulled over. I jumped out as Dave said "If anyone else wants to water the grass,do it now I'm not stopping again. I stood by the side of the car and Jane got out the other door. I was on the highway side and was pulling down my zip when Dave came and stood beside me. I deliberately wet the front of my jeans and briefs a little bit and as I pissed on the ground said "Thanks Dave, that was a close call" and pulled the front of my jeans away from my body to prove the point. Dave (ever boss like) said "You were lucky I was going to stop anyway-cleaning the seat would have cost you". I mumbled thanks I didn't feel and got back into the car.

Jane got in and I winked at her, she nodded and We settled down for the rest of the journey. She put a hand on the front of my jeans and whispered "you didn't really wee in your pants did you?" I replied "just enough to convince Dave he was the macho male with the iron bladder".

We both lived in the same part of Town and I suggested that because it was late if he stopped at Jane's flat, I could walk from there. By now it was very late on a Friday night. Jane asked me to come in and I agreed - "just for a minute". I was offered coffee and one thing led to another. I admitted that my Jeans and underwear were "probably" wetter than I had led her to believe. We both showered and from somewhere Jane found a pair of track suit bottoms that just about fitted me so I stayed to watch a film and had a stumbling sort of conversation about how awkward it was to be desperate to pee and hiding the evidence of small accidents.

I slept on the sofa and collected my clothes from the washer dryer in the morning. We spent the day together and agreed we were getting on fine. Jane kept saying "What a pig Dave was" but although I agreed, I was grateful to him for helping our relationship along.

