Choosing not to go

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2019-04-16 15:48

I had to take a bit of a road trip yesterday for work. I do this same trip about every 3 weeks or so. It’s 190 miles. Usually takes me about 4 hours.

Now I know what you’re thinking - 4 hours? Pffft, you should be able to hold that long easily. And I can. Normally. But a couple trips ago, by chance, I had a moderate urge to go by the time I got to my destination. I had no intention of holding, it just happened. And I dawned on me, I should purposefully be holding for all of them!

I had tried to during the last trip or two, without ever really getting post that moderate need to go feeling, so I decided to step up my game. A lot.

I woke up around 9 AM, took my morning wee, showered, ate breakfast, hung out with my mom a little just talking, and decided to leave just before noon.

My family has always been the “try before you leave just in case” type. Boring! I grabbed a water, hugged my mom goodbye, and left.

My scale for need to go is a little different than most others. I don’t focus much on the specific numbers. Basically, 1 is literally just went, couldn’t barely squeeze a drop if I tried. 3 is the first twinges of needing to go. 5 is when I’d normally go. 8 is when there’s a constant, strong need. And 10 is actively going. Regardless of voluntary vs. involuntary, my bladder is actively finding relief.

So when I set of, I was maybe about a 3. Probably not even.

The first hour and a half went by smoothly enough. I had finished my water and was wondering where I should stop for an iced tea when I saw the giant billboard for the casino. I play a little Blackjack from time to time so I decided to make that my pit stop.

Pulling into the garage, I was between a 3-5. I wouldn’t normally even really notice the need if I wasn’t hyper vigilant of my plans for the day.

More to come...

*002*2019-04-27 01:22

Passing not one, not two, not even three, but FOUR bathrooms, I found my way to my favorite pit of tables, and found a $5 Blackjack table with only 4 people playing.

I pulled out one of the empty chairs and gave the dealer my card (the free points add up!) and money and joined the game. The first few hands are always awkward as you settle in and get a feel for the dealer, other players, etc.

I was playing with an older woman who clearly knew her way around a Blackjack table, two middle aged men who were obviously betting way too much for their skill level, and a moderately cute boy about my age was planning on spending the day based on his drink of choice. We had a really good dealer to start - 1 that was well versed, but good at keeping the game going smoothly for everyone despite skill level and wasn’t trying to show off.

I quickly became oriented and was starting to have some fun as the first cocktail waitress came around. I requested a cranberry juice (gotta prevent those UTI’s) and a water.

I had planned on only spending about an hour on this detour, just enough time to let my bladder fill nicely. However, I was doing really well. Playing is so much more fun when you’re winning. I didn’t even realize what time it was until I started ordering my third drink (a ginger ale this time). I looked at my watch and realized I’d been playing for almost two hours. And I had no plans to leave soon based on the hands I was being dealt.

It was now about 3:30 in the afternoon. My last wee being just after 9 that morning. I shifted in my seat while the dealer shuffled and I certainly needed a wee, but it wasn’t too dire yet. Maybe around a 7 where it was a stronger need than I’d normally let it get to, but not constant and pressing.

The cute boy excused himself from the table, most likely to receive his own bladder, and the two men had all but blown through their entire chip piles and had gotten up to meet their families for dinner (likely leaving out just how much money they had lost). All the seats were filled now as the boy came back and drunkenly mumbled a complaint to the pit boss about there being a line for the bathroom.

With the arrival of the new players, my luck had turned and I chipped up while I was still noticeably ahead. The first thing I always do after leaving a table is head straight for the bathroom, and today was no different. However, while I’m normally heading there both to wee and wash my hands, today, I was just going to wash my hands (the chips are usually a little on the gross side since sooo many people touch them). There was a bit of a line but that didn’t really affect me at all since I just there for the sink and soap. What did bother me was listening to a room full of the echoes of streams hitting water. That was the first time all day I’d really felt my need.

More to come!

*007*2019-05-08 16:14

I felt full. Maybe even uncomfortably so. However, I could still stand up straight, walk without any problems, and certainly wasn’t holding myself yet. That being said, my bladder was bulging out against my jeans, I couldn’t go very long without thinking about it, and I thought I maybe felt myself just a touch on the damp side down there.

On my way out, I passed back by those same four bathrooms, each looking more inviting than the last. At the last one, the one closest to the garage, I noticed a woman maybe college aged make quite the beeline straight in, obviously in a bit worse condition than I currently was. I did, however, have hopes of reaching that point and beyond in the near future. Right before the exit, I stopped by the coffee shop and got a large iced tea for the road.

The garage was cold which didn’t help my need as I felt my first proper throb. While it was uncomfortable, it was also very exciting

I got into my car and plugged my address back into my gps to show 2 hours and 12 minutes remaining of the trip. This was the first time in a very very long time I wasn’t absolutely sure I could hold it. Especially that long and after drinking so much.

One way to find out. I pulled out of the garage and back onto the highway. Traffic wasn’t too bad at all until I realized it was now 3:45 in the afternoon. Rush hour would be starting any time.

Another 15 minutes passed and I hit a bump in the road, causing my second proper bladder throb. This time though, I held myself with my left hand over my jeans to help mitigate the feeling. It passed quickly until I saw the first red lights in front of me. Cars were slowing down. Traffic was getting heavier.

I was still able to keep a reasonable speed for another half hour until I hit my first official stretch of traffic. It wasn’t stand still, but it was only crawling along.

At this point, with my gps reading showing another hour and a half if I were going the speed limit (which I obviously wasn’t) my bladder was at a strong 8. I couldn’t stop thinking about it.

I also could t shake the feeling I might just wet myself today. In public.

More to come!

*009*2019-05-24 19:25

Traffic worsened. My bladder throbbed.

Traffic worsened some more, my bladder almost felt as if it had its own pulse.

Traffic stopped, my mind raced. I was NOT going to make it.

I finally conceded defeat to my initial goal. However, that didn’t mean it was game over, nor did it mean I was going to just give up and wet myself in my car. No no.

I sat in the middle lane, legs crossed, doing exactly 0 miles per hour. What could I do? Pulling over and doing anything was out of the question. Way to many people around. Couldn’t pop a squat, couldn’t go in an old coffee cup. Couldn’t do anything.

So what else? What was around me? Who knows. I was completely unfa,Iliad with the area. I’m sure there was a store nearby. I just had to find it. And quickly.

3 feet foreword. Stop. 5 feet forward. Stop. 10 feet foreward. Stop. And wait. And wait. And wait.

The nearest exit was 1/4 miles according to the nearest road sign. 1/4 miles. There was a time I could run that in just a few minutes when I was in school. Driving at highway speed, I’d be there in a blink. Sitting in this traffic, it felt like I might as well have been going to Canada.

I needed to pass the time somehow or I was not going to last if I just kept thinking about it. Windows down, radio up.

I started singing along to a few of the songs and for at least a little bit, it helped.

It helped right up until I felt something that normally brings excitement normally, I wait for this moment. Today, it brought nothing but dread.

I felt a bit of hot wee work it’s way down from my bladder, through my urethra. I literally felt it traveling down and no matter how hard I squeezed, or grabbed at my crotch, I couldn’t stop it.

I felt that bit of wee keep working it’s way down until it finally squirted out of me, right into my undies. I’d be somewhat embarrassed if I didn’t feel another bit already working it’s way out.

I was starting to wet myself. In my car. In the middle of rush hour.

More to come!

*012*2019-05-31 02:23

As the next bit of wee was creeping further from my bladder, and closer to my panties, I knew I had to do something. I was facing the very real potential of actually wetting myself.

A car drove past me on the side shoulder, and I could see that it took the exit just up ahead. The exit I wanted to take. The exit I needed to take.

I pulled off into the breakdown lane and started driving towards the exit and my relief.

At the bottom of the exit ramp, I looked both ways, more to see what public building (and restroom) was nearby than to actually look for oncoming cars.

To my left, nothing of any use. To my right, a grocery store. That would work.

Just as I pulled onto the road, I felt it. That small bit of wee that I felt flowing through my urethra squirted out of me with force, straight into my underwear as my bladder contracted. The contraction caused an actual substantial amount of wee to be squeezed out, into my exhausted urethra. I felt a few drops dribble out, this time dripping down and running along my womanhood, making me feel soaked.

The left turn light was by some chance green and I was able to immediately pull into the parking lot. I took a deep breath to mentally prepare myself for any outcome. I honestly didn’t know what was about to happen other than I was going to pee in the next few minutes. In a toilet, in my pants, half and half. Who knows. But I couldn’t hold it any more.

I got out of my car, and felt a little more wee come out as I stood up.

Walking in (which was more of a hobble jog), I felt dribble after squirt after drip.

Straight to the back of the store and I saw the restroom sign. And my bladder knew I was close. I was no longer squirting, or dribbling, or dripping. No, I now had a very slow, but very constant stream pouring into my underwear, and down my legs. I was wetting myself in the middle of a store.

I gave up and ran the last few yards, straight into the bathroom, straight into the first stall, straight onto the toilet with my jeans down, but I hadn’t managed to grab my underwear at the same time.

I was sitting on the toilet, peeing full force into already dripping wet underwear, with the stall door wide open, and the bathroom door slowly closing as it was one of those anti slam kind. I made direct eye contact with no less the 3 people in line at the deli in front of the bathrooms before the door closed.

I counted this as a win. I had technically made it. My jeans only showed very little if any wetness. My panties were a lost cause on the other hand. I rinsed them out in the sink after finishing and cleaning myself up and wrapped them up in some paper towels before shoving them into my pocket.

It was an embarrassing walk out to my car, but I had an empty bladder (that was actually full again by the time I made it to my destination) and dry jeans, as well as a story to tell

