Wetting in a grocery store

Author: Rileyy

*000*2018-07-04 14:51

Notice: this is probably like the most bold thing I've ever done omo related.

Also notice: my original plan was to let out a couple of spurts before it ever would show on my shorts and then get my.groceries and go.

So before going to the grocery store I made sure I was well hydrated. I was wearing very short jeans shorts and a white t-shirt. The temperature kinda spiked today and so everyone was wearing like as little as socially acceptable. So I go into the grocery store and I was just going to get a few things but I just wandered around drinking some water and then decided to let a spurt out. Immediatly I could feel the wetness in my panties and I started to get really nervous and excited. As I was walking around drinking water every once in a while I was letting  tiny spurts out and it was amazing xD. My need to pee had been increasing but I  knew where the bathroom was so I wasn't worried. Idk if it's because my muscles are so much weaker from all the holding or from the gallons of water I drank but all the sudden I really needed to pee.

I leaked a little bit and just went over to the bathroom to see that someone was using it. It was a small store and they had 2 single person bathrooms. One for men and one for women. I got a little worried at this point but figured in a couple of minutes they would come out. 10 minutes later they still hadnt and I'm getting really desperate at this point. I'm leaking a lot and the crotch of my jeans shorts is wet but isn't super visible since there isn't a lot of surface area to wet. I kept trying to hold it without looking like I was absolutely bursting but in consequence I kept leaking and dribbling. I was going through what to do in my brain of like how to not wet myself in a store but t that moment I leaked a lot and the front of my shorts started to look wet.

After 15 minutes the person finally came out of the bathroom in a sling and figured that's why it took them so long to go but at that moment I like ran into the bathroom and almost forgot to lock the door. I got to the toilet and was shaking so much for a second I couldn't pull down my zipper and felt a huge leak come out of me where a trail of pee came out of shorts and down my leg. I finally unzipped my shorts, sat down already half peeing and enjoyed the sweetest relief in my life. I peed for what felt like an eternity until my stream tapered off and I just sat there for a second in heaven. I tried to clean up the best I could but idk how well I did. I bought my groceries and then went home and took a long shower xD

Sorry for the very jumbled writing btw, I'm tired

Also in my next stories I'm thinking about posting like aftermath pictures and I was wondering if that would be of interest.

Thank you!

*004*2018-07-04 15:02

{{1 minute ago, cloud said:

Love it! My urge to pee hits really quickly too when my bladder is tired from holding and I've already been drinking a lot, and it can cause trouble.

}}

I know right!

{{3 minutes ago, desp_wet said:

Yes, great story. I'd be interested in seeing some aftermath pics. Maybe with you still wearing your wet pants/panties?

}}

I'll see what I can do

{{7 minutes ago, largebio said:

Great story! Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thank you!

*011*2018-07-05 04:02

Thank you! In the future I'm going to try and get some pictures xD not sure how good my photography skills are but

{{12 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Mmmmmn, what a great story and daring naughty experence!!

I would love to see the aftermath of a wetting

}}

{{10 hours ago, DanyBoy said:

Heyy Rileyy!! You posted it xD I'll say it again I loved your story (∩＿∩)

}}

{{9 hours ago, wetpirate said:

I'd be dying if I ever was that close.

}}

{{8 hours ago, Chaseeee said:

Great story! Definitely a bold move for sure - would love to see aftermath pictures.

}}

{{8 hours ago, WetFunOne said:

Yup!

}}

*013*2018-07-05 04:47

{{17 minutes ago, Meowth said:

Wonderful story. I've never had the balls to do something that bold in public before. Closest I ever came was an accidental leak at work that got on my jeans, but I don't think anyone saw.

You think anybody noticed your shorts were wet?

}}

{{8 hours ago, Lils said:

Great story! I wonder if anyone in the store was "aware" of your situation...

}}

Idk I tried to like maintain no eye contact with anyone xD

*018*2018-07-06 17:47

{{14 hours ago, CoffeeGuy1 said:

Really exciting and fun story. I'd go shopping with you anytime....

}}

{{16 hours ago, Anubis said:

I loved this wetting story. It was excellent! I definitely agree with everyone above who has said that aftermath pictures would be awesome. They add a little something extra, to good wetting stories like this.

}}

{{21 hours ago, h1234 said:

Pictures would be great! That is a bold thing to do is wetting in a grocery store.

}}

{{23 hours ago, wettingman said:

I enjoyed your story and would love to see pix.

}}

Thank you!

