Really experiences

Author: eduardotyc

*000*2012-06-21 18:06

Hi all

REAL I tell two experiences I've had some years ago.

Here where I live, Argentina, Omorashi or golden showers are not culturally speaking, very well regarded, even for those who like him is hard to talk about it with someone else, for there is also an amateur.

What's more, the girls and / or women who went through a situation in Female Desperation, Accidental Wetting or things like that, I lived and live with much shame and find it hard to talk about it

They imagine that, for all that, the truth is that very little I could see, but in the cases I have sometimes seen, were very exciting or flashy but, in truth, I never saw the situations seen in the videos.

Obviously, in real life do not happen.

I spend my experience when I started college, the 90.

New environment, new customs and new partners.

He left high school behind.

And, contrary to this, where the partners had been the same for five years and we were all the same age, here he shared classes with peers of my age, but also larger, married, bridal, etc..

For more, we were, at that time, more women than men ......

Well, the truth is that I, coincidentally, worked for that time in college health and upon reaching the time of the medical exam, suddenly I see among all the shifts, they played several of my new colleagues that the Incidentally, and as in any human group, had some excellent relationship with others less so, and usually with wives or girlfriends who were not had any kind of treatment rather than social greetings and some other issue study.

The medical tests were not anything special but required that the person, especially women, to leave a urine sample for analysis. I never knew the reason for this requirement.

So, when I made the letters informing the turn, including in instructions per liter of drinking water and the retention time but ....... it occurred to me a little trick: instead of putting the time had to show, started an hour earlier.

Total, with the mess and disorder which was at the university health time nobody would miss the hour ahead.

The staff we entered at 7 am.; At the university had been cited for 9 am but, as I had put in the note, came all at 8 am.

I had an office where you saw perfectly the waiting room, though, from this last, I could see my.

So I could see perfectly, as my friends were arriving and found they had to wait for an hour to arrive the staff who dealt with the issue and that they were, were all or administrative assistants.

They sat in the waiting room and, although visibly uncomfortable at first not externalized anything. Then some began to cross and uncross their legs, to move in the seat.

Some stood, walked a bit and turned to sit down, others sitting very straight, move your feet and legs in short jumps.

Some more, stood up, walked a little, crossed his legs and returned to sit.

Almost all of them sustained the area of ​​the bladder or sitting, they placed a hand between her legs.

Although I could not hear them, it was clear they were remarking including discomfort.

However, it was all very discreet. That was not the subject had not even noticed.

Not as seen in the videos, in reality, everything is very different ....

Finally, medical arrived and began calling. They went into the medical area, and there I saw no more nothing.

The other experience was several years later.

I already had over twenty five years, nearly twenty-eight.

I was with a girl of about twenty-seven or twenty-eight, too.

Pleasant, nothing out of the ordinary, well located but very shy and no friend of situations "hot".

It includes: daughter of parents and too old for her age, people raised in other times when many things were spoken or adults.

There were no problems between us but given back, had not much trust between boyfriend and girlfriend.

When we were already married a few weeks, it is customary in this country that if the wedding will be at church (to give pleasure to the mother), the bride and groom have to attend a series of talks in parishes.

For the week, obviously, we could not go, but if we could on Saturday and we had no solution to enroll in a long and heavy day that lasted from two in the afternoon until after seven o'clock.

It was a lost afternoon but had to go and went.

The first few hours but nothing happened, over in the afternoon, began to offer coffee, mate, soft and as it was early summer, many of the girls of couples who were going to talk, drank a lot ... ..

Halfway through the talk, I started to notice that my girlfriend was moving quietly in the seat.

She had her legs together, crossed, was returning to join the .....

As wise as any comments the bother, preferred to say nothing even though seeing her in a situation that until then had not I was getting very excited.

At this time d, in a pause in the talk, I was watching something out the window and the girl next to me and said:

- You do not have to go to the bathroom? Because I have an urge to pee ....

I never had said something like that so directly, so I imagine the pressure that would be passing by.

So I replied, without comment, as if nothing had happened:

- Go to the bathroom ....

He went to the bathroom, walking normally, but the bathroom was small, had many women lining up and was rather toilet.

He resumed the talk.

I watched quietly and I seemed to see his distended bladder for retention.

Was wearing a jean skirt, not too short or too long and low shoes moccasins and a shirt type half wide, so that he could not see much.

Finally the talk was over, retired certificates and left.

When I went to withdraw the certificate of attendance she stayed in the room and said, almost talking to herself:

I'm pee-up. Hurry.

For I have said, that these comments I could not make or imply, and as it should have been.

Nevertheless, neither saw anything out of the ordinary. It had to dance or desperate or anything like that.

When I get the certificate and I will seek to leave, I see sitting in a chair with legs close together as by force a moment, then relaxes.

At the time of going to the chair lift inadvertently spreads her legs and I could see quickly, inside of the skirt, a patch between her legs in cotton panties wearing (never liked wearing a vedettina or thong).

That was it. There was also no puddles or urine running down the legs, or soaking shoes. That should be left for the movies Giga.

Obviously I said nothing, but the girl must have realized that I saw and shame must have been capitalized.

Although I said nothing, or comment, or see, or anything, the situation was too much.

IF she knew what had happened and that shame is not going to happen so no more.

There was a girl wakes up to take it as an accident.

He lived just two blocks from the church so do not let me accompany her to the house, leaving me at the bus stop.

After that, the problems started: the shame was too much for her and would not speak to me in several days with various excuses and saying he had much work for me.

Parents and uncles, we believe that we had fought, he began to make room for him not to marry (I do not fell very well).

And to me, finally, I get upset with me lack of confidence and, little by little, I went away to finish.

As of this, the couple did not exist.

It was the best, there was very little in common and these games and sex, were not in the list.

The conclusion from this is that, in reality, at least I never saw a situation like in the movies or similar Giga.

In real life I think there is much more fancy than it seems and these situations will be given some time, but practically, few should realize, though this passing by them.

