Ever had a control freak make you hold ur pee?

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-04-27 06:04

I have a pee friend who is in her 60s named carla, She told me that she wanted to make me hold it until I burst in diapers. She sent me money on venmo to buy diapers and 3 40oz beer. When I got to her house she made me put the diaper on and drink 2 of the 40oz of beer. An hour went past and my bladder was so full it was hurting. She was enjoying me having to be very very desperate to pee. I got to the point where I couldnt hold it anymore and the pee started coming out uncontrollable into the diaper. my came out at full force and I couldnt stop it, (peeing in a diaper uncontrollably feels amazing). when my bladder emptied, Carla told me she owns a business and she lock the bathroom doors so she can watch her employees become desperate to pee, she unlocks the door during lunch so they wouldnt have accidents and sue her company

Have you ever had a control freak make you hold ur pee?

*002*2018-04-27 08:05

{{1 hour ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

*facepalm* is any of that true?

}}

Very true, I've known carla for a very long time, we go to multiple pee websites that we find new hold it games, shes an older lady and im a young guy with similar pee fetishes.

*004*2018-04-29 18:57

{{On 4/27/2018 at 9:13 AM, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Is any of THAT true?

}}

@BENAir01

Its true and I personally enjoyed it a lot, I met a lot of friends online through out the years. Whether you believe my stories or not, its fine with me. I hold the memories of my life & my small bladder struggles and try to share it with other people who have the same the same problem as I do. I could care less if you believe me or not, you should see the hold it competitions we have in our group chats.

*010*2018-05-06 12:40

@lmao holy shit I just read what I wrote, and my response to that. Sorry guys and gals I was on spring vacation and highly drunk when I wrote this stupid post. Oh god no wonder everyone is grilling me on here! I deserve it to get told off for this one, glad my drunk texts where not this bad, that did some damage to my social life. Sooo sorry @Bedwettingchik12

@Anubis

@kochel428

@ian flemming

- and everyone else.

*015*2018-05-08 09:10

{{On 5/6/2018 at 2:31 PM, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Okay.. if you're gonna come up with an excuse to back up your false story, come up with a better one.

You posted this story and 2 DAYS later, you still defended it

}}

Dont care, I just come here to download videos, then move on about my day. It humors me that you counted the days @Bedwettingchik12

Take your victory I give up, no need to challenge me further.. unless it makes your miserable life feel important go for it.

