Men's Tena Active fit pants?

Author: kevy19

*000*2018-11-21 09:02

Hi, I have become quite intrigued by these men's Tena Active pants! Why, well I sometimes wear a very hard to get out of drysuit for winter kayaking for hours at a time, it has a back high round the shoulders zip and without help can be hard to get undone! Quickly say. I just wondered do these Tena pants really hold a say average man's bladder full of wee without leaking? I suppose the answer is to buy some an do a test! Does anyone else have any thoughts experiences with these? Kev.

*002*2018-11-21 10:17

Hi, O well what better excuse do I now need if you want to know more! I better get off to Boots later as I have a money off voucher off a pack! So will go and buy some and do some test trials with them! This cold weather here in the UK I can see a biking test trial coming up! LOL! Sounds fun. Kev.

*005*2018-11-22 07:25

Thanks to all above. I will go and check them out, I kind of guessed that around 500ML would be tops as I say I find now older I can't hold on or get out the drysuit to pee quickly so I have just had to wet a couple of times in the suit which OK maybe fun but then means a full clean and wash out! As it's not like a wetsuit which you can pee as much as you like So think these would help and what's more sound fun! Will report back when soon. Thanks, Kev.

*007*2018-12-03 07:45

{{12 hours ago, Frank123 said:

Have you tried them yet? I just posted about them here

.

}}

Thanks, I do now have some but life has been busy so not had time to try them out but will soon! Can't wait. Thanks again I will report back when I have. Kev.

*008*2018-12-13 15:21

There you go a video about a test run in Tena men's active briefs! Not sure that's the right term But sounds right and well it's a bit of fun!.

Kev.

%https://xhamster.com/videos/a-wee-wee-tena-active-men-s-brief-test-10645379

