Bursting on the bus

Author: LizJWetting

*000*2021-03-15 18:06

So several people have been sharing stories of desperation on buses so I thought I'd share mine, this happened when I was on a holiday to Spain a couple of years ago.

Our flight was booked for mid-afternoon and as everyone knows you have to arrive at the airport few hours early so there was quite a lot of waiting around. In this time I had a few cups of tea, and a McDonald's lunch with a large coke, and then on the flight also had some water, well you can probably already see where this is going, but at the time I hadn't.

I had peed before getting on the flight, but at getting off I didn't feel the need to, so I didn't go.

Leaving the airport took a little time, we had to get on a bus to take us to our hotel, and when getting on I suddenly felt a fairly mild need to pee. I figured it wasn't too bad, and we'd probably be there soon anyway so I ignored it. Unfortunately we then had to sit there for about an hour not going anywhere because we had to wait for people who were on other flights, and during this time I could feel my bladder filling up fast. I had a paranoid fear that if I got off the bus might leave without me or I'd get lost at the airport, so I decided to keep waiting.

By the time we actually left I was already pretty desperate, squirming in my seat a little, but then I had no choice but to wait and hoped the journey itself wouldn't take long. Unfortunately the trip seemed to take ages because of traffic, and winding roads, and having to drop people off at other hotels first. After about an hour I was really starting to need it, and struggled to sit still, bouncing my legs up and down a lot. At this point my parents, who already knew I wanted to go since I'd mentioned it earlier looked a little concerned and asked if I was ok and I said I was even though I wasn't entirely sure if this was true.

Another hour passed. By this point I was sweating a bit and still squirming but sitting slightly bent over with my legs crossed seemed to help a little. On some level I was almost enjoying the unexpected pee holding challenge, but at the same time also wasn't enjoying it at all.

Eventually we finally got to our hotel and could get off, though standing up didn't help my need and I was actually gently pee dancing a bit as we got off. Of course then we had to find the hotel lobby, get ourselves checked in and actually find our rooms. Of course my room was across the grounds so I had to walk some distance and then it was a challenge to actually find my room in unfamiliar surroundings. By this point I was so desperate I felt like I could lose control at any moment, and since it was dark by then I could have got away with doing it. By now it must have been 3 or 4 hours since I first noticed the urge to pee, and god knows how long since I'd last gone, and I really, really had to go now.

Finally I found my room, and when I got in I just dumped my bags down and then bent over and jammed my hand into my crotch to hold myself. I'd been wanting to do that for so long that it was a nice relief. I stood frozen in that position for about a minute then ran into the toilet, ripped my jeans and pants down, and I think I started peeing before I'd even properly sat down. I must have peed for well over a minute and it felt soooo good. After that I could relax and enjoyed a good holiday, but in a weird way this was kind of a highlight of it.

*012*2021-03-18 19:46

{{7 hours ago, New_Macca said:

I to love these situations and agree they are a great chance to witness desperation. I have two stories I could share one involving me and my pee shyness meaning despite incredible pain I could not go in a coach despite trying and the other I just remembered when taking a levels and going to see a university a number of us spent the afternoon in student union and some people (me a DJ women) ended up incredibly frantic...

Happy to share more details if people would like

I really love this original post as such a sexy scenario and clear despite the discomfort you took enjoyment. Based on all you drank and time waited it must have been a huge pee when you finally went and you did amazing to stay completely dry

}}

I'd also be interesting in hearing any stories you have to share. Yeah towards the end I honestly wasn't sure if I would be able to make it without at least leaking a little bit. This is among the most desperate I've been in public and unintentional situations.

{{8 hours ago, bustin2pee said:

Thanks for the additional info, Personally speaking, it does make the story and situation much more exciting for me when there is some detail, as I can build a picture of the event more clearly. Its a fantastic sighting, exactly the the type and situation I love.

}}

If anyone wanted more detials on what I look like here's some. I'm about medium build, dark hair, glasses, and I think at the time I had my hair in a ponytail and was wearing a flannel shirt unbuttoned with a t-shirt underneath, blue jeans and converse shoes. I was in the middle of a tomboyish phase that I then never really grew out of.

$$

*018*2021-03-20 11:44

{{On 3/17/2021 at 10:04 PM, sammilove said:

That’s a very detailed story! Glad you ended up making it! Of course wetting probably would’ve felt amazing even if you were in public still. Sometimes no matter how good you can hold it, you still can’t make it. Glad that this wasn’t one of those times haha.

}}

Well like I said it was dark by the time I was walking across the hotel grounds, so if I had lost control at that point probably not many people would have seen me, and at least I'd have had a good excuse for wetting myself. So I almost sort of wish that had happened, even though at the time I didn't feel that way.

