Poor Girl :(

Author: Accidentz

*000*2017-07-28 06:56

Hey guys, i'm pretty new here but i've had a love for Omorashi for quite some time now. I've been looking at this site but wasn't brave enough to speak my mind on here. So I must share with everyone this one experience i had that finally made me start wanting to post here.

I was heading home on the subway after a big party this past Saturday night, drunk and tired. Once I got on the train and sat down, there was this young cute chubby girl sitting near me. She was looking around pretty scared, like something had happened to her. Did she realize she just lost something? Was she being chased? I felt concerned and wished i could help. A few minutes later, the heartfelt guy I am, looking over again to make sure she was ok, she now looked frustrated and began fidgeting around in the seat. So in my drunken state of mind, I was trying to comprehend why she was acting so strange. I was pretty out of it at the time so I still couldn't quite tell what was wrong.

Then she started making this face like some sort of pain she was experiencing, while squirming and shaking her legs back and fourth. At that point I finally realized... SHE HAS TO PEE!! She probably looked scared before cause she felt like she won't make it to the bathroom! Coincidently, my bladder was filling up throughout the ride home too. Her desperation now looked like it was getting worse by the minute. She was grimacing hard, holding her crotch while bouncing up and down. As much as i was getting aroused by this sight, i still felt bad for the extreme discomfort she was going through.

My own bladder was getting pretty heavy at this point from all this alcohol. I felt extreme empathy for her and started fantasizing in my head of telling her "aww it's ok... you dont have to be scared... I have to pee badly too... and if you have an accident ill pee myself for you so your not as embarrased". Of course I didn't say anything cause I didn't want to scare her. She was already overwhelmed as it was. Her desperation to pee now got so bad, she began to cry. Seeing the sight of this girl in such agony with nothing I could do for her made me on the verge of crying myself.

At this point it seemed an accident was pretty imminent. Her pee started coming out, dripping onto the floor from her seat. This poor girl's bladder was losing strength from holding all this pee in her. Her face turning red, sweating, violently bouncing up and down, both hands squeezing her crotch with all her might, pee was now trickling onto the floor. Her hands could no longer block the flow of all this pee. Finally, her sphincter muscle gave out completely, and a full stream of pee was flowing right through her hands, flooding her tight jeans and making a huge puddle on the floor. She just sat there motionless, peeing for like 2 minutes, bawling her eyes out.

I felt so bad now I had to say something to her. I didn't wanna just leave her like this. I walked over to her and said "im so sorry this happened. I feel so bad for you. Are you gonna be ok?" She looked up at me, smiling a bit but sobbing said "ill be ok, but thank you". And I said "it's ok don't feel bad, accidents happen. Can i give you a hug? You look like you need one right now" She said still sobbing "no thank you ill be ok". She got off at the next stop with her pants dripping wet, looking incredibly devistated. I fantasized about myself just wrapping my arms around her adorable chubby body, making her feel better.

I got off at my stop walking home with my bladder now bursting like crazy. I don't know how I didn't lose control of my own pee from what I just witnessed. So to make up for it, i purposely let loose and flooded my tight jeans. It felt so good I felt like I was orgasming. I started to get extremely horny, once I reached home I surely took care of that. Lying on my bed naked, i was so horny I shoved my finger up my butt and rubbed my P-Spot while jerking myself. I had the most explosive intense orgasm I probably ever had. I was panting for like 5 minutes. The next thing i remember literally was waking up the next day full of stickiness from cum allover myself. My bladder was aching to pee again so to make even more fun I peed allover myself and sheets. Good thing I had a waterproof mattress cover.

Sometime in the near future, i'm going to make myself get super desperate on a train ride home, setting up an inevitable accident just like what happened to this girl so I could feel what she felt that night.

*007*2017-08-02 16:02

If she doesnt live in NYC its not true lol

