My Friend And Her Bladder Infection

Author: Smorky

*000*2010-11-21 11:49

At the time this story took place, I was aware that I had a freakish interest in people wetting themselves, but I was too prideful to talk to anyone about it. Heck, I didn't want to have ANYTHING to do with porn, fetishes or any of that crap back then, but this was one night where I guess fate was trying to do me a favor. I'm filling in some blanks here since it was a while ago and I wasn't expecting what happened to happen, but I hope you enjoy the story nonetheless.

It was my 15th birthday party, and I had a two close friends over, and a bunch of family. My friend, we'll call her Cameron, was hanging out with me and my other close friend, "Ashley" in the computer room of my house. Cameron was wearing her usual attire, a tie-dyed T-shirt, some lose jeans, and some flip flops – she liked to be comfortable. She had started wearing wire framed glasses in the past few years, which I had pretty much gotten used to by then, and at the time her mother had paid her to get highlights in her hair, because her mother was desperate to see her tomboyish daughter do anything remotely girly.

We were joking around, and one of us must have made a very, very funny joke, because next thing we knew, all three of us were in stitches. However, the next sound we heard was Cameron shouting in her usual fast paced stutter "OH SH**! MOVE-MOVE-MOVE-MOVE!" And practically tackling my 3-year-old cousin out of the way, who had just happened to have walked back to visit us in the office right as Cameron began losing control. Cameron ran to the bathroom as urine soaked through her panties and got to the toilet as her jeans started to get soaked too. She quickly pulled down her pants and finished going.

As my mind loved to do, and still loves to do, my first reaction was to wonder if she had wet her pants. I was trying not to enjoy that thought too much, as that had never turned out to be the case before, but I looked at Ashley after a few minutes of waiting for Cameron's return and said I was going to go check on her.

I walked over to the bathroom door, just around the corner from the office, and knocked. "Don't come in here!" I heard Cameron shout anxiously. "It's just me. Are you okay? ...Did you pee your pants?" I tried to say as smoothly as possible knowing this was a life changing moment for me. "What do you think?!" she snapped.

I offered to bring her her overnight clothes, and she accepted happily. She came out in her changed clothes, and we went back to partying, with Cameron very sternly telling us that we were not allowed to make her laugh anymore that night. Quite oddly, this story does not end here.

More jokes were told – it was my birthday party, we weren't going to sit around being boring – and you guessed it – Cameron went into a belly laugh that caused her to dart out of the room for the toilet, her second pair of pants becoming soaked. I ran to the bathroom, and was not sure what to do at this point, so I asked my mom if she could wash Cameron's pants. I got out my Loony Toons nightgown for her to wear, and walked over to the bathroom to take her wet pants away. I tried not to seem too interested in the wet crotch on her jeans, but I don't know how I did. Pretty much every one at that party knew she wet herself, and I felt bad about that. But I will never forget my friend wetting herself twice in one night, on my birthday.

I hope you all enjoyed, feel free to comment as you wish. :]

*002*2010-11-21 20:19

{{ 

Oh wow. twice in the same day? :[ How did she get a bladder infection?

}}

I am not too sure, I wasn't too keen on asking about details because of my insecurities with the issue at the time. But she did tell me afterward that her mom took her to get checked out, and that's what they diagnosed her with.

*005*2010-11-22 03:17

@ssbb_killer: Thank you very much. :3 I felt I ought to stop being such a lurker and actually contribute something to this community, seeing as the community has provided me with so much.

@antifairy: She is fine now, we're both 19 now, if that gives you any indication how long ago the issue was. ;]

I have had my share of UTIs, oddly none have resulted in accidents (probably because it is such a sensitive issue for me) but I have had a few accidents in my time, so I will be sure to post those, as traumatic as they were. I hope you all will enjoy those as well – I'll definitely be able to provide more detail for you in those cases. ;]

*007*2010-11-22 04:13

{{ 

Ah, very good.

I can't imagine what they're like, I've never had one. :[ But I'm glad you don't have to live with that anymore. And yeah, I'd be willing to read about your times... if you want to share. :x

}}

Haha, I just got over a UTI about a week ago, so I wouldn't say it's gone. But I don't mind sharing, it's closure. I'll go start that topic A.S.A.P.

*009*2010-11-24 06:05

{{ 

Quite a poor girl , I actually kind of pity her , wetting herself twice , as someone else's house at that .

But I thought someone would only get bladder infection if she held pee for too long ? According to your story , she wasn't holding it but only wet herself due to laughing ?

Pardon my questions , I happen to be the sort who likes to question .http://animepee.co.cc/public/style_emoticons/default/tongue.gif

}}

I don't mind questions at all, especially about this topic. ;] The bladder infection was probably contracted before the party, those were the first symptoms I knew of with the bladder infection, and it was a very unfortunate time for those symptoms to show up too. Her bladder's normal ability to function was reduced, so its ability to get through situations that were already difficult to deal get through without a bladder infection (like belly laugh jokes) was now in shreds of its normal self. She normally has a bladder of steel, but the inflammation from the UTI made her normal ability to control compromised.

I hope that cleared things up a little. :)

*011*2010-11-24 19:10

{{ 

Aww, gawsh... I wish I got birthday presents like that. :3

But... this is indeed one of those cases that makes you think "you can't really enjoy that too much, it's rude...". It has something to do with the pity I feel for the girl in the situation, I guess.

}}

Yeah, she's a good friend, so I really just ended up being weird and obsessive about the whole thing rather than getting pleasure out of it, but I figured this would be a bit like therapy to share. XD

*017*2011-02-04 08:20

{{ 

Oh yes , that has definitely cleared all my doubts , thank you very much . B) As I said , I really pity this girl ... having bladder infection can be a real problem in society and life next time ... be sure to give her some support !

}}

Will do! :D

