Peed in depends

Author: Toady567

*000*2018-08-02 22:02

The other day after my gf left for work, I had to drive her son to camp because all of us overslept. When I awoke, the bathroom was el occupiedo and I had to pee so very badly. I thought I was going to pee myself for real! I went outside for a cigarette while her son dilly-dallied in the shower. I was tempted to bang on the door and tell him to hurry up but it wouldn't have made a difference. He's incredibly slow in the morning. After I finished my cig, I went back upstairs and could still hear the shower running. By now I was desperate. My poor bladder was screaming for relief! I did the pee pee dance but I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. If I waited for him to finish up in the bathroom, I would've been soaked with pee! I didn't want him to see me wet nor did I want to make a big mess in my room because we have carpet.

I started to think about pissing in the kitchen sink or finding an empty soda bottle or something to relieve myself in. Then I remembered I had some depends in my closet. So I put one on and relieved myself. I knew I had to be careful about how much I peed into it because I didn'twant to overflow the depends, which as many of you know, is easy to do. It felt so good to finally pee after all of that desperation. I didn't think I was going to be able to stop because once the flood gates opened, they didn't want to close. I relieved about 70% of my pee into the depends (love to hear the hissing sound as I peed). Then I wrapped up the soiled briefs in a bag and put it in my closet until I could dispose of them on my lunch break.

