A Romantic Wetting

Author: Yuuishii2

*000*2011-08-10 01:10

Hello! I believe that this is the first story I have posted here.

In ninth grade (Year 9 in Australia- Is this the American equivalent?) I remember being very good friends with a boy named Jake. He was tall and thin, and was not particularly popular: however, this didn't seem to bother him and the friends he had, he valued, which was a trait I admired. Jake and I were very close; to quote him when told that he and I should date: "If we were any closer, it would be incest.". We were indeed like siblings, and would sometimes perform small actions of affection for one another, such as loose hand-holding hands and playing with one another's hair. The best thing about Jake, however, was his love for wetting.

I first found this out when we were walking home together after our school sports day. It had been close to 40 degrees for most of the day, so naturally we had both drunk a lot of water. I was getting increasingly desperate as the afternoon wore on; we lived fairly close, and in any case there was only one main road between the sports field and the town centre, so we were walking home together, and by this point, my desperation was becoming quite obvious.

I remember him asking if I was ok.

"Yes!" I gasped, although all signs pointed to the contrary.

He laughed at this, and then put his head to one side.

"Since I'm feeling so kind, do you want a piggyback the rest of the way back?"

He blushed as he said it, and he looked so sweet as he did that I couldn't help but laugh and agree. I climbed onto his back, and tried not to gasp at the twinge from my bladder.

He carried me right up to the end of my road and, abruptly, he stumbled and fell. I collapsed heavily on top of him, and my poor beleaguered bladder could take no more. Pee started to trickle out from underneath my bum, and I covered my face in shame.

I suddenly felt a tingle on my crotch, and I realised, stunned, that it was Jake gently rubbing my wet croch; I had inadvertantly started peeing on his hand.

"Jake?" I said, all other words having been driven from my head. He suddenly seemed to come to his senses.

"Oh my God, I'm... Milly... Sorry..."

"No, it's ok..." I said. It was my turn to blush. "It feels nice."

He smiled, and helped me up.

"I... Kinda like it too." he said, smiling. And from that incident, a long partnership in omorashi was born.

Whew, that took ages to type on an iPod :l I'll post another story about me and Jake later. Hope you enjoyed it!

*002*2011-08-11 00:20

Ok, here's another one for you guys. It's all as clear in my mind as it was by the end of the day...

That same term, our class had to do a project on a subject of our choice and present it to the class. Naturally, this meant a lot of sitting around in the library after school.

Now, Jake had of course admitted to me that he was into omorashi; however, neither of us really knew how we could enjoy it together, as neither of us had much time away from parents etc. SO it was that I came up with a Cunning Plan for us to enjoy some "Quality time" together. The place? The library. The day? Jake's birthday, of course.

I woke up on the day already needing to go, but I ignored the urge and continued on with my day. I drank a bottle of water on the way to school, as the temperature was 35 degrees and fast increasing.

At school, I tried to hide my fidgetiness and continue with my day. I reckon I was at a 6 or a 7 by the time that lunch rolled around. I avoided liquid at all costs for most of the afternoon after that.

By the time the bell rang for the end of school, I was already at an eight or so, and I was having to use quite a lot of my effort to stop from just letting it all out there and then! In due respect for my best friend, however, I continued down to the library, where Jake was waiting outside. I smiled at him and we went inside together.

The library was a huge, imposing building that sat in its own residence some way from the main school complex. Not many people hung around after school, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. One of the defining features of our library were the enormous, heavily cushioned chairs that sat in little alcoves among the bookshelves. Here, you could sit out of sight and earshot, and do more or less what you pleased. Naturally, it was an ideal spot.

We got the research material that we needed and sat down in two such chairs in between the bookshelves. I was trying to stop myself from grabbing and holding my crotch at this point; I wanted it to look as natural as possible. However, I realised, I was going to have to do some acting.

"Ooh, I really need to go.." I muttered, almost to myself. Jake looked up at this.

"Mind if I ask how badly?" he said, blushing but smiling slightly nonetheless. I smiled back as wryly as possible and said,

"I don;t know if I'm gonna make it.." I gasped as a twinge came from my bladder, and I instinctively grabbed my crotch. Jake looked worried by this point, although the slight flush in his cheeks spoke otherwise of his thoughts.

I clenched my teeth and, using all the concentration at my disposal, gradually let go of my nether regions. I smiled at Jake, and touched his arm lightly.

"Happy birthday!"

I lifted my skirt slightly, and let out a short spurt. It hissed into the cushion, and I could feel the stain spreading across my crotch. He gasped, and looked up at me. I winked.

I let out another spurt, this time longer; I could already feel my pee pooling around my bum. Jake looked slightly dumbstruck, but he was smiling faintly. I took a hold of his hand, and guided it gently onto my crotch. He rested it there, and I let out another spurt. And another. My crotch got wetter and wetter along with his hand, and I could now see the stain soaking out underneath me. I was certainly feeling warm by now.

Finally, with a gentle gasp, I let go completely. My squirts turned to a full stream, which pattered against Jake's hand, and soaked into the cushions. I couldn't resist putting my hand over Jake's just to feel my warm pee come gushing out.

Finally, sadly, it was over, and I smiled and snuggled closer to Jake. He wiped his hand on the arm of the chair and put it on my lap.

"That," he said, "was the best birthday ever."

