Planned wetting gone wrong

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-04-25 14:11

So this happened yesterday, as some of you may be aware i have recently began the process of cutting weight. To do this i will be using the same technique i used when i needed to cut weight for fights, which involves manipulating my bodies water and sodium levels...

So yesterday was my last day in which i could drink as much water as i wanted, so as you can imagine i drank way more than needed.. Which in turn led to a very awkward situation. Business has been slow recently so i have had a lot of spare time on my hands but yesterday i knew i had a lot do be getting on with so i planned my day accordingly. I woke up at 7am and went for my morning wee, i told myself i was not allowed to go again until i returned home (i estimated about 3pm) so i got dressed had some muesli (hate that stuff) and drank 300ml of water, i then set off for a hard days work.

Through the day i was drinking 250 ml of water at regular intervals which had a profound effect on my bladder. By 11am i was pretty desperate for a wee, i was squirming quite a bit but it wasn't that bad yet, i had it under control.

However my job involves a lot of driving which can help to forget how badly i need to have a wee but when i'm stuck in traffic or at lights it makes it 10x worse. And of course at the moment there are major roadworks all around my area so its stop start traffic pretty much all day.. not good when trying to forget about needing a wee. Every time i stopped at lights i was non-stop fidgeting, even the radio was making my situation worse. They were having a debate about saving water and some female student called in to say she pees whilst in the shower to save water... as you can imagine this in no way helped!! It aroused me and made me think about wetting myself.

Come 12 i was mercifully nearly finished for the day, i didn't have as much to do as i thought i did. So i set off on my last few journeys. All of which were torture as the need to have a wee increased by the minute, at one point i honestly thought about giving in and just going for a wee up a back street or something, but i banished these thoughts to the back of my mind.

Around 12.45 i made my last drop off, i must have looked pretty silly to the lady who answered the door because although i tried my best, i simply could not stop fidgeting. I jumped back in my car and made for home.

The journey was pretty straight forward and i didn't have to stop very often. Although every occasion i did have to stop i thought i would lose control and wet myself in the car, but i somehow kept the flood at bay.. more or less

After many close calls i eventually pulled up at home around 13.10. I grabbed my gear and ran for my front door. i put my key in the door (after many failed attempts, i was shaking like a leaf) but the key would not turn. I pushed the door to find it was already open.. and there were people inside..

At the moment im house sitting for my gf as she is away and a couple of her relatives had popped round to see her. My heart sank,they had clearly let themselves in thinking she had just popped out or something. i had a choice to make there and then; try and hold on and hope they leave quickly or just go for a wee... I opted to try and hold. I did the civil thing and made them coffees although i stuck to water and informed them that Chloe was away at the moment. They were rabbiting about the upcoming EU referendum, completely oblivious to the fact that just a few feet away i was now on the verge of wetting myself right there in front of them. I knew if i wanted to wet myself privately i had to get rid of them quick. i started racking my brains on how to do it without being rude. I was stood there legs locked together rocking up and down and not once did they even notice.

I accidentally let out a leak, i was now in serious discomfort. The wetness i could feel on my cock made me want to release it right then, i could feel the end was drawing near. I was also becoming irritated that i couldn't think straight, all i could think about was my aching bladder. I had one idea and i put it into action. I informed them that i had a couple of business acquiescences coming round for coffee and a chat about business. This was my only idea and thankfully (for my dignity) it worked and they very slowly made there exits. The moment the door shut behind them i ran to lock it, i was shaking uncontrollably now and i simply could not get the key in the lock, it was at this point more pee escaped from my bladder and streamed into my underwear. The warm wetness in my pants was growing by the second, i could feel a slow steady stream escaping from my cock and soaking into my underwear.

I dumped the key and ran for the bathroom. By the time i got to the bathroom i was already pretty wet, but that was nothing compared to what was coming. I climbed into the bath and let it go. My pee soaked through my pants and quickly started to spread and run down my thighs and legs and pool at my feet, the warmth was amazing and i could not help but moan in pure pleasure. It felt like it was going to go on forever and i wish it could have. I peed for quite a long time and when it did finally end i fell back against the wall and just stood there enjoying the warm wetness that was all down my legs and at my feet. it took me a while to regain the urge to move and clean up after my "accident" But once i did, i took some snaps hopefully for you to enjoy

Thank you for reading guys. i hope you enjoy

*006*2016-04-26 15:53

{{ 

Sounds both daring and exciting in retrospect, but incredibly scary in the moment. Apart from my earlier story $$ about holding at a bar, I've never been caught in conversation or some other business toward the end of a big hold.

Now for the weight cutting, what is it for? If it's for health purposes (losing fat, shaping up), I hope you're aware cutting weight the way fighters do is incredibly unhealthy, it's basically massive dehydration. Doesn't actually get rid of any fat or speed up your metabolism or anything. "Manipulating nutrition and energy expenditure" is a healthier way to cut weight, as boring and basic as it sounds.

}}

In regards to my weight cut, I know what I'm doing :) Ive done it many times over and I have the correct fluid, diet and excercise plan to match. Before I broke my leg I was a fighter so I'm more than aware of the effects it has on the body.

*008*2016-04-26 17:07

{{ 

Yeah, I'm sure you know what you're doing, then. I'm just pointing out the difference between cutting water weight and losing weight.

Now I'm getting pictures in my head of female fighters running to the bathroom all the time... And maybe not making it. But I won't derail your thread too much with that.

}}

Yeah it's all good :) I'm simply putting my body in "flushing" mode.

I'd fight tooth and nail to stop Ronda Rousey in that situation :p

*009*2016-04-26 18:30

{{ 

Wow i wonder how much that was. It looks like a lot.

}}

It was a very long wee xD and an enjoyable one too :p

*012*2016-04-27 06:07

{{ 

I just can't ignore the type of your underwear x)

Are you often wearing breif instead of boxer ? ^^

}}

Yeah I don't wear boxers at all I find them deeply uncomfortable

*015*2016-04-28 20:12

{{ 

Wow... love the pics :3

}}

Thank you :) I aim too please :p

