Wet my pants at work

Author: Omoboy31

*000*2021-02-07 16:02

So small premise: it was about six months ago, I was working (I was a library assistant in my boarding school, it’s just a student collaboration, nothing too serious) and I had the night shift, from 21 to 2. Until midnight I was with some friends in the library concierge, all normal and quiet because there were few students, but eventually my friends left and I remained alone. 

Around midnight I start feeling the urge to urinate, but instead of going to the bathroom, I foolishly decide to hold it until the end of the shift, actually drinking more, since at that time on Friday evening there is never anyone in round. So I continue to drink and feel my bladder getting heavier, but I resist and sit waiting, still determined to get to the end of the shift and let myself go to my bathroom in peace (flooding the library concierge was not the case). So I continue until 2 am, at my limit and my absorbent underwear was already a little wet because I had already passed the limit and some sprays of pee had escaped me, but very little and nothing could be seen from the jeans. I’m kind of accident prone, maybe because I’ve been doing omorashi all my life, so I’m used to let go a little bit of pee when I’m forced to, so I wear absorbent underwear just to be sure.

While I was sitting closing all the various registers and paperwork in a hurry to run to the room since I was bursting, a matter of minutes, but a friend of mine, who lived in the boarding school with me, arrives and asks me if I could give her her ID Card as she forgot it (here you have to give your ID to the receptionist to enter a library). At that moment, I cursed myself because I was at that point where if you don't focus on not getting it on you, you start to feel wet between your legs. While I was looking for the ID in the paperwork mess I did, I began to feel warm again between my legs and small splashes of urine wet my underwear, because I had to lean on to look for that ID. The more I tried, the more I got wet, albeit a little and slowly, but now you could see the stain on my jeans.

In the end I found the card but, while I gave it to my friend, I had a huge loss because I push myself forward towards her, squeezing my bladder. A hissing sound was audible, but she did not seem to notice it, as I was behind a thick glass due to Covid. I started literally peeing in my pants, soaking my already soaked absorbent underwear and my pants. I tried to stop my pee but I peed for a few seconds. The damage was done, I had a very visible wet spot that runs off my crotch and then branches off along one leg. Well, luckily she leaves happy and relieved, and I took the opportunity to sneak into my room to finish the job! Fortunately, there were no damage at all at the library concierge, I would never do that, I just did not imagine that I’d wet so much to make my absorbent underwear leak!

*002*2021-02-08 15:24

I think so, it’s kind of embarrassing leaving your work station because you have to pee. Maybe it’s because, like many people, I have always been quite shy around strangers! Fortunately that was my only accident at work!

*004*2021-02-08 23:38

I really enjoyed your story, thanks for sharing!

