The Teapotty 3 (And 1 extra story)

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-11-07 07:49

Well, this one came to mind, and is, now that I think about it, the third time I used a teapot in my preschool as a makeshift toilet. I feel sorry for that teapot, but well, when you gotta go, plus it doesn't have feelings.

My morning started off fairly usual. Wake up in bed at around 5 or so. I quietly played some video games, barely caring about the condition of my diaper as part of me was still asleep. After my mom woke up, she gave me my breakfast, which was oatmeal and a bottle of milk. After that, my mom changed me out of my used night diaper, and into a fresh one, before getting me dressed for the day. As it was a bit on the warmer side, today I was dressed in a pair of a shorts and a T-shirt. The shorts had a garter, and could easily be tugged on and off, whether to use the bathroom, or to change my diaper, etc.

Well, we arrived a bit early to the preschool, about five or so minutes. With that little extra time, my mom took me to the YMCA lobby's bathroom (the lobby area was pretty damn big, and seemed even bigger to my 5 year old self), to try and go. I still wasn't yet comfortable with the bathrooms at the YMCA, having barely used them for their intended purposes (If I didn't use the toilet, I'd at least pretend to) After a moment of sitting on the toilet, and only a tiny dribble of pee coming out, my mom rediapered me, and asked if I could try and use the bathroom while I was there, to which I said that I would try.

After my mom dropped me off, I greeted the teacher, who, as I did not know her name, let's call her Mrs. Winters. She was a woman in, at least, her late twenties. She had two aides, one a bit older, the other around the same age, and began doing some arts and crafts. While I was doodling a picture with some crayons, I felt a familiar pressure building up, well, two pressures. I got up, and went over to a little Playskool house. Once inside, I slid my shorts down, and undid my diaper. In my five year old mind, I guessed this would help me in keeping up with what my mom had asked of me, and because this was the only diaper I had brought with me. Stashing it under one of the chairs, I fixed my shorts, and headed back out.

A little while after, I began feeling a tad bit desperate. Even though I was quite potty trained by that point, my muscles were still developing. As I was doing some arts and crafts once more, I began holding my crotch with one hand, the other holding the crayon, while I pressed my butt into the colorful plastic seat, to try and keep both my bladder and bowels in check. I spurted out a bit, warming my hand a tad, as my bladder spasmed a bit. Getting up, and now walking swiftly, but cautiously, trying to avoid unloading into my shorts (At least in view of everyone.), I began looking for either a quiet place to fill my shorts, or a place to go in.

I knew I wouldn't make it to the bathroom (Which were on the other end of the room for me, and again, wasn't yet comfortable with non-home bathrooms yet, at least not when my mom or the like wasn't around), and even if I could make it back to the Playskool play house, I don't think I would have been able to hold it in to fully put my diaper on. That is when I saw it. Sitting on a shelf, I grabbed the well worn tea pot, and set it down. Making sure no one was looking, I tugged my shorts down, just enough to go, plopped down, and used it as a makeshift toilet. Satisfied, I closed the lid, and set it aside.

That done, I went back to the Playskool playhouse, and rediapered myself.

And now, even though its past, a Halloween wetting.

Now this occurred in first grade. I was going as Tuxedo Mask, from Sailor Moon. Or rather, a makeshift Tuxedo Mask costume out of what my mom and I could find around the house. Well anyway, this little incident occured around the time of the costume parade. Basically, the classes would make a sort of square in the courtyard, and each class of the eight grades, so about 16 classes in total, would walk around the square for a minute or two, showing off their costumes to the rest of the school.

Anyway, as my class was one of the firsts to get let out for this, we had to wait for the other, like, twelve or so classes to get into the circle. It was during this time that I felt a twinge in my bladder, but put it off. As my class was started the walk about, my need to pee rose. Letting go, I miscalculated how much I needed to pee, and my Pull-Up leaked a bit. Not too noticeable, but enough that it trailed down my legs a bit

