The Bus Ride (Male)

Author: Alex Cubed

*000*2011-12-20 16:40

Okay, I have to say this is my first time writing from experience, but I feel it'd be cool to write it down. It's male, which I feel the site needs more of. This is one of the two times in my entire life I've ever felt desperation, wish I guess is good in a way, but since I was so young at the time I never knew it could be partially enjoyable. Oh well, on with the story~

When I was about 8 or 9 I went to a summer camp. It wasn't actual camp, but like a summer day care. It was at church down the street, and did have religion as part of it. But that's not what we did all of the time. It was a Thursday, and we were supposed to go to the pool that day. This is important because normally we had a restroom break before leaving for the pool(The restroom was in a different building), and sometimes I'd just pee in the pool cause it was easy. This day however the pool was having repairs, so the team leaders decided we should just go to an arcade/pizza place. We didn't get a bathroom break before, but there was a bathroom at the arcade so it was okay. Anyways it was a 20 minute ride on a bus full of kids my age, and the few team leaders.

I got there just fine, and went playing games with my friends. At some point near time to leave(though I didn't know we were about to leave) I felt the urge to go to the restroom, but I still had some tokens I wanted to use before I went. So I was playing some more and forgot, then one of the team leaders tapped me on the shoulder saying it was time to go. I glanced at the restroom as I left, but I knew it's only a 20 minute ride and we would have a restroom break when we got back, so I just went on the bus. It took about 5 minutes until everyone got on the bus, or so it seemed.

The team leaders did a head count, and were one short. So they counted again, same thing. One of them went back in to look for the missing child, which took another 10 minutes at least. I was kinda wanting to ask to go back in to pee, but I was super shy and kept thinking the team leader would come back any second. I didn't want to delay the trip. So I just sat there, looking out the window at a parking lot. The leader came back and talked up front with the other team leaders, and eventually a phone call was made. Turns out the missing child got sick here and the parent had picked them up, but the team leaders forgot.

So finally, the bus was moving back. Only 20 minutes max, even with heavy traffic. I knew I was in the clear, and would make it. Well... As I was looking out the window, they passed the street they were supposed to turn on! I was kinda worried, but figured it was a mistake. With that they turns on the next street, which connects to the back of the church. But they didn't go that way. The bus pulled into a Wal-Greens(drug/photo/convenience store). It had been 15 minutes since we left the arcade, and it hit me. A feeling I never felt before, and didn't have a word for, desperation. (Or in my young minds case, have to pee bad please hurry up).

It was torture almost. I had my hands gently in my lap, looking at why we stopped, wonder if I should ask to go inside to pee. But I didn't, I stayed quiet for at least 20 minutes. Each minute I felt even more desperate, I actually thought about pulling up my pant leg and going(kinda athletic shorts, but kid style, stretchy), but I didn't. The lady came back on the bus, and it turned out she wanted to pick up her photos but she had to wait a few more minutes. Yeah, I had to hold it so she could pick up photos while she was supposed to be working.

Luckily, it was just a short stretch back, a couple minutes, we pulled into the parking lot of the church, I was on the edge of my seat. And I got lucky, a couple kids up front complained about needing to go to, so the bus pulled to the main building with the bathrooms. I got off quickly, not holding myself though because I was super shy, and got in the boys line. Now see there was a boys and girls line, and they only let 4 in at a time to prevent trouble. I was the 5th one though, oh geeze it was close.

But when one boy came out I just walked quickly in, went to a urinal, pull my waistband and well, y'know, went. Surprisingly I didn't go that much, but I think I had a small bladder, or something. I felt much better, and then went on about my day.

This is an entirely true story, to the best of my knowledge and memory, and I hope it was okay. I'm not the best writer but I felt I should share something.

*002*2011-12-23 03:28

{{: 

I am surprised they let her get her photos.

}}

Kinda, but I mean it's not like there was a reason not to, I didn't say anything. The entire schedule was messed up that day because the pool was being worked on.

*004*2011-12-28 20:30

{{: 

So many things happened to stop you from going to the bathroom. It's like the universe was trying to get you to wet yourself.

}}

Yeah, but so far it's never gotten me.

I think I had a pretty big capacity for my age.

