Anushka Had Too Much Pepsi, .... and Popcorn.

Author: Ranganath

*000*2016-04-08 18:29

Hello once again guys.

This is a short story about an experience that I had quite some time back. I've been thinking a lot about it recently so I decided to post it. Hope you enjoy it.

So there was this girl I'd just met, Anushka. I'd met her at a mad party on M.G. Road. We danced together for hours and it ended with me getting her number. We met a couple of times, and, seeing how much we liked each other, we decided to get into a relationship less than 2 weeks after meeting.

One Wednesday I got a call from her asking if I was up for meeting her parents. I was caught off guard but agreed. She booked tickets for a Hindi movie on Saturday. However, a crisis came up regarding her work and she was forced to make a short trip to Chennai. The plane tickets were booked by her company and she reassured me that the plane would reach 2 hours before the movie. She said that she'd easily make it on time.

Saturday came and I went to the mall where I was to meet her. There were people, scores of them, thronging the brightly lit air-conditioned mall around me. A familiar face in a Lifestyle store caught my eye.

"Anushka!", I shouted, raising my hand.

She instantly noticed me and smiling, ran over to give me a hug. She wore a simple thin white T-shirt with pencil blue jeans. Dark blue. She looked absolutely stunning.

"Come! Meet my parents!!", she said excitedly.

I followed her, adjusting my collar and combing my hair back. Her parents were traditional but extremely friendly. Her father was a tall dominating fellow, about 6 foot 3. He smiled and politely shook my hand. Her mother wore a traditional saree and greated me with folded palms.

We set off towards the movie hall, which was on the 5th and topmost floor. On the way up, Anushka turned to her mother and asked:

"Ma, koi pani hai kya? (Mom, do we have any water)"

Her mother briefly opened her handbags and, after searching for 10 seconds or so replied with a no.

"Aah. I'm so thirsty yaar!", Anushka moaned comically.

We entered the cinema hall and as her parents took their seats, Anushka and I went to collect some snacks. I picked up a small coffee and was surprised when I saw Anushka. She had a 1L cup of pepsi in one hand and a large tub of popcorn in the other. I looked at her astonished.

"Wha..aat", she said, between mouthfulls of popcorn, "I'm really hungry!"

I laughed and we entered the movie hall. We took the seats next to her parents and sat down just as the movie started. Throughout the movie Anushka could be heard loudly slurping from her Pepsi cup through that giant straw. The movie proceeded and it was not bad, but not good either. There was a good guy and a bad guy. A fair deal of dancing and a lot of romance. Most noticibly however, there was a scene in which the heroine (Parineeti Chopra) wets herself after being left locked in a room. :P Apart from that it was shitty as ever.

(Check it out, the movie name is Hasee Toh Phasee )

As the intermission sign scrolled across the scene and the lights turned on, I followed Anushka's parents and Anushka outside, presumably to the restroom. As we exited, her parents were walking in the direction of the bathrooms but Anushka was walking in the opposite direction. I walked up to her and asked,

"Baby, where are you going?", she turned around.

"To the counter. My drinks empty yaar!!", she said, shaking her empty pepsi cup sadly. I laughed and went to the washroom. Strange as it may seem, I still had no idea what a sighting I was in for.

I returned to a filling cinema hall, Anushka's parents, and a gleeful Anushka: holding another giant cup of pepsi and another large tub of popcorn. I rolled my eyes laughingly and watched the second half of the movie. Nothing great happened. It droned on and on and out on a dancing number. I stood up, as we all walked towards the exit.

We were all heading downstairs towards the car when Anushka shouted,

"Papa, Mujhe ke liye rukho na? Mai bathroom ko jaaungi." (can you wait for me, I'll go to the bathroom and come)

Her dad looked somewhat irritated by this. He scolded her for a few seconds after which she refused to go. Out of stubborness she refused to go even once her dad stopped and apologized. Somewhat angrily she walked past us down the stairs and towards the parking lot. Her dad shrugged at me hopelessly.

We entered the car, and after a noisy gruelling 10 minutes ... we made it out of the parking lot and onto the main road. At this time of night there were barely any vehicles and her dad sped down the road. It was now that I noticed the first signs of Anushka's predicament.

Her legs were crossed and she was continuously shuffling. But more interestingly, she was sweating noticeably.

Sure enough, within half an hour, as she rocked over repeatedly and moaned, she turned to me and said,

"Hey, can I come back to your place??".

I instantly agreed. Thus, at the next fork in the road, a trembling Anushka turned to her dad and stiffly spoke,

"Papa. Bus, yahaan mujhko chor do." (Stop, leave me here).

Her dad willingly pulled over, waved us goodbye and apologized one last time for his behaviour. Anushka ignored him and walked off.

I ran up behind her one the car had taken off and tapped her on her back,

"Hey, everything okay?"

"Yeah babe", she quickly replied, not sounding okay in the slightest.

"What's wrong, need to go to the bathroom??", I added jokingly, prodding her.

She looked up at me defensively, from her long thin body in the clinging white T-shirt. She quickly averted her eyes, looked down and whispered

"Haan..." (yes)

Despite knowing this, I was caught off guard. It was at least half an hour from here by auto. I wasn't sure she would make it if it was indeed as bad as it seemed. I turned to her and lowering my voice, spoke softly,

"Baby, um...how bad do you need to go... It's quite a long distance from here to my place.....If you're not able to...."

She shook her head softly. It was only now that I got a proper glimpse of her face. Her eyes appeared to be brimming with tears. Her lips were inextricably pursed tightly. As she noticed me looking at her she lowered her head once again and shook her head as she whispered..

"I can....I can... It's okay..." Pausing for a sharp breath, "It's okay.."

I looked at her and for once, felt more pitiful than aroused. Maybe it was just the level of attraction that I felt for her but I genuinely felt bad for her. I wanted to help her. I stretched out my hand, put it gently on her heaving shoulder and whispered,

"Anushka, baby, don't do this to yourself. I'm not blind. I can see that you're in pain..... and I don't think you'll make it. There's a bunch of bushes over there under the flyover, if you want I can stand guard while....."

Her back heaved in a gasping sob. She bent over a little and held her stomach with one hand.

"I don't ... I don't just have to pee. I can't ... I can't..", she sobbed, " sh..shit under the flyover...just take me home quickly please..."

I instantly understood what was going on. I flagged the first auto I saw and it set off towards the house. Anushka sat silently next to me, holding her stomach and looking out the window as she occasionally rocked back and forth.

I took advantage of the situation and began inquiring about her predicament. She shrugged me off at first but after an awkward silence of 2 minutes, she responded to my question.

"Well, I took a piss in the plane before it landed...."

I cut her off,

" That's not what I'm talking about...."

She paused for a moment or so, took a breath and composedly replied,

"Before I left for Chennai, so ... Wednesday?"

"And you haven't gone since," I replied aghast.

"No.", she gave a smirk. "It's no big deal, I've held it longer.",

"Really", I smirked, " I'd like to see you hold it another hour."

Her joking expression melted away quickly. She angrily replied,

"This isn't normal baby, it's all that Pepsi.....and that popcorn....Aaaahh"

A fart crackled through the air and we fell into silence. It was so loud that the auto driver turned around for a second and checked. I was almost about to laugh when I saw Anushka's face. She was spasmodically trying to purse her lips but her cheeks were trembling with suppressed tears. I quickly erased the smile from my face and put a hand on her back. She looked up at me, her kajol smudged with tears as she quietly whimpered,

"I'm not going to make it. Stop the auto...Stop the auto...."

I put a hand over her back and silenced her, telling her she could and that it was okay. I began to smell a bad smell, akin to that of a garbage dump. She bent over once again and I continued rubbing her back.

My rising dick pressed against my trousers, begging for relief. I firmly rubbed it, pressing down on it with all my might, pushing waves of pleasure through my denim jeans. Anushka was sitting right here next to me, messing herself.

As the auto neared my house, I drew a 100 rupee note and flung it at the autodriver, as Anushka, my throbbing dick and I rushed out towards the house. As I stood at the gate, fumbling with my keys, Anushka doubled over again and the smell hit me. In the cold night air, it was very noticeable. I couldn't resist a squeeze. Turning slightly away from Anushka I squeezed my bulging package slightly. As I turned back however, I noticed her making full eye contact with me. She was very annoyed but said,

"Can't you wait till you're inside to start jacking off!?? I'm fucking messing myself!!"

Anushka knew all about my fetishes. I had rubbed myself off in front of her once or twice as she peed. It had never, though, been anything like this, a situation of genuine desperation. She also would masterbate in front of me occasionally, mostly though, as I squatted taking my morning shit, but that's another story :P

Startled by Anushka's urgency I wrenched open the door lock and rushed inside, slamming the door behind me and sliding out of my jeans. I grabbed my damp throbbing tool and squeezed it, rubbing it up and down frantically. Anushka jumped into the house and made a beeline to the bathroom.

She flung open the door to my indian-style washroom and ran in.

Anushka made a run for thee small white porcelain hole in the ground. I rushed in behind her. I stood on the expanse of floor opposite the toilet. I was less than 3 feet away from a desperate Anushka, struggling frantically to remove her tight jeans. With a pop the button came rolling out onto the floor. Both of us were too close to relief to care. I rubbed myself faster and harder as Anushka deftly yanked her jeans and her pink cotton panties down to just above her knee. As the jeans came racing down I swear I saw a rivuet of piss and a fist-sized brown mass shooting towards the toilet bowl. She squatted within a millisecond of pulling down her jeans.

She squatted with her light brown ass over the hole in the basin, away from me. Her moist swollen pussy lips, decorated with a landing-strip hair cut were in full view as they shot a pressurized river of yellow piss into the basin loudly. From the gap between her pussy and the bottom of the bowl I could see lump after lump of her shit being dropped around the tiny hole.

The splashing sound of her piss filled my ears. The smell of fresh shit mingled with damp pussies and ammonia filled my nose. I was about to come. I inadvertently looked at the stretched cotton panties pulled to their limit between her thighs. In the center there was a dark patch, presumably from some leakage. On the back however, my suspicions were confirmed.

Her spotted pink panties had a small mass of shit, about half the size of a finger, lodged onto them. It dangled between her thighs as she sighed and shat her aching bowels into the basin. With that I came, shooting my load all over the bathroom floor.

As my fervent jerking subsided, so did Anushka's stream. She opened her eyes, and looked at me with a sheepish half smile. This joy instantly faded away as she saw the finger smudge in her panties.

"FUCCKK!!, Mata Chod!" (motherfucker!!)

*004*2016-04-10 08:05

No man :P, just there for the clothing image. Helping paint a picture :P

