High school desperation leads to 3-way accident with friends

Author: dunnetahl

*000*2021-08-13 16:41

This is one of my favourite childhood wetting experiences that I've been remembering a lot recently. It involves 2 friends of mine which for respect for their privacy I will refer to them in this story as Luke and John.

I was in the 11th grade and 17 at the time. Luke was in the 11th grade with me but was 18 and John was 19 and in 12th grade. On this particular school day we had made plans to get together after school to check out this abandoned house in a forest near my house in Markham.

I had already been into wetting and cross dressing since I was young and I would do planned holds at school but never wet usually until I was in private either at home or sometimes on my way home.

On the morning of this day I decided to wear red girls panties, cotton with the athletic waist along with some pink fishnets underneath some girls skin tight blue jeans and a grey short sleeved girls top. Also some DC skater shoes with no socks. You couldn't really see the fishnets so the look could technically pass as a boy, like an emo or fem kind of boy, but anyone could pretty much tell I was wearing girls clothing. This whole thing was extremely exciting for me and I hadn't touched myself or orgasmed in several days.

In the morning I had several glasses of water and relieved myself at the beginning of the day but decided I would hold the rest of the day to add to my cross dressing excitement. I spent most of the day distracted in class, thinking more about how naughty it felt to be at school in girls clothes and wasn't paying much attention to the lessons.

John, Luke and I all had the same lunch so we met up and went to the bagel shop and each had some coffee before heading back to class. I had a crush on both Luke and John. Today John was wearing blue jeans and skater shoes and white socks (just above the ankle) with a kind of tight grey t-shirt and Luke was wearing a black tank top with blue jeans and skater shoes with no socks (this was a huge turn-on for me because I also have a foot fetish; this was my favourite look that Luke wore because I also have an armpit fetish and the tank top let me scope his sexy armpit hair whenever he lifted his arms). 

Both these guys are clean shaven with very little body hair except around the crotch, underarms and a bit of treasure trail. My favourite. I was completely shaved head to toe except for my long girly hair and sculpted eyebrows. So when I saw Luke wearing my favourite outfit with no socks and me being cross dressed and building up for several days, I almost exploded right there in my cute little red panties. John was wearing grey cotton boxer briefs and Luke was going commando (it will become clear later how I came to discover this).

I felt a spurt shoot out of my penis and a wet patch form in my crotch but managed compose myself and keep my excitement contained throughout lunch. However I did quite enjoy the thrill of reaching my hand down to feel the wet spot on my panties whenever no one was looking.

After lunch we went back to class and I was starting to feel pretty desperate between the coffee and keeping well hydrated with water throughout the day. By the end of the day I was practically bursting. Among the most desperate I've ever felt but the class was held back a few minutes to finish the lesson and by the time I got out into the hall there was a lineup at all 3 of the washrooms between my class and the atrium where I was meeting Luke and John.

When I got to the atrium Luke was already there waiting and he could sense my discomfort. "I have to piss worse than I've ever had to pee in my life," I told him, "but all 3 washrooms on the west side of school have lines and so does the one in the cafeteria." Luke admitted he had to pee also but not quite as bad.

About a minute or two later John came down the stairs into the atrium looking not too dissimilar from me and exclaimed he was on the verge of pissing his pants. Now it was a pretty humid day and the armpits of his tight grey shirt had become soaked with sweat. Upon seeing this and hearing him describe the imagery of him potentially pissing his pants, my arousal shot through the roof once again and I felt my whole body tense up. I was feeling so naughty and excited from the girls clothes and being on the verge of wetting myself that I was almost certain I was going to have an orgasm right there in front of my friends and whole school. I started breathing heavily, I felt one spurt of hot semen jet out of my penis... then another... then... *phew* I caught my breath. I managed to stop myself from completely going over the edge.

I was still a little embarrassed about how naughty and public everything felt and I turned pretty red. Luke asked if I was okay, John was too distracted by his need to pee. I shyly said I was fine and John said the east half of the schools bathrooms all had lines too so I said we had better just hurry to my place and we could all pee there before going to check out the abandoned house in the forest.

We started walking quite briskly back to my house but it was a good 30 minutes away. The wet patch in my crotch felt pretty big and I wondered if it had leaked through my jeans but didn't dare look out of embarrassment. The wet patch teased at my dick and made it more difficult to hold my urine in my now swollen and near-bursting bladder but the arousal and the naughtiness of what had just occurred helped keep my mind off it. I remember every time I thought I was about to lose control I would send my mind back to how sexy I thought it was that Luke was wearing sneakers with no socks and think about his sweaty bare feet in those shoes.

Finally we made it around the corner to my street and if I was at an 11/10 before, seeing my house made it shoot up to a 15. The 3 of us pretty much gave up walking at this point in favour of a full on sprint to my door, all the while declaring to each other which washroom we were going to run to. We run up my porch and slam into the door. I push the handle down... locked. Of course! I feel a gush a pee flood into my crotch and I squeeze my legs together and start running on the spot to stem the flow while I whip my backpack off and begin trying to dig through it for my keys.

I managed stop peeing for a moment but once standing still again, trying to focus on digging through my backpack was just too much. Another deluge of pee filled my crotch, completely soaking my red cotton panties and spreading a dark patch wider and wider across my skinny jeans. The warmth spread into my butt cheeks and down my legs. The relief was indescribable. I must have had the biggest ahegao face my friends had ever seen. I shoved my hands into my crotch to attempt to stop the flow but it just burst through and I dropped to my knees and just completely let go in front of them.

This might have been the greatest feeling in my life, certainly up until that point. The warm piss gushing out of me like a torrent, spreading through the panties and soaking the jeans completely down my legs and knees. The tingling of my toes in my fishnets and sweaty bare feet in the soft sneakers. My hands, still gripping my crotch began to instinctively squeeze as my hips thrust into them. Part of me was embarrassed about doing this in front of my friends but I was so overcome with pleasure that the animal instinct just took over and there was no stopping me.

As if this wasn't enough, the sight of my relief became too much for John to handle, also seeing that I was no longer capable of getting my keys. A dark blue patch began to grow and spread around John's crotch. He squeezed his legs together and grabbed his junk in desperation but the wetness just kept spreading through his jeans, soaking his grey boxer briefs, down his legs, into his shoes and socks. All of this right in front of me and at eye level as I was now on my knees. I was in absolute heaven.

John let out a huge sigh of relief but kept his hands in his crotch and legs together for the duration of his wetting even as a massive puddle formed at his feet and began to merge with my own. I think he still felt like he needed to give the impression that he was still trying to hold back at least until Luke looked at us both and said, "Well I might as well skip the toilet as well. You two look like you're having way too much fun anyway for me not to try this." (Luke had always been the experimental type and although he was straight, he and I often experimented together with different things).

Luke being the only one who didn't burst uncontrollably just casually stood there and enjoyed the feeling as a smile spread across his face and his blue jeans grew dark and wet. He grabbed his crotch and moved his dick around to get a nice even spread and just enjoy the overall experience. Luke's casual attitude made John finally give up on maintaining the illusion of still trying to hold back and he relaxed and let the pleasure wash over him as a smile grew across his face.

So there we all were. Me, cross dressed and with my two crushes in front of me. All wetting ourselves in front of each other and feeling a mix of pleasure, excitement, embarrassment and adventure. As my two comrades continued to empty their bladders I took satisfaction in the sight of seeing Luke's shoes fill with piss as it ran down his legs and covered his feet. I watched as John's socks started to turn a slight yellow.

A few good thrusts was all I needed at this point to release the load I'd been holding back all day and had let build up over the last few days. Still to this day it might have been the best orgasm of my life. For a moment it also felt like I blacked out. It felt so good and naughty to orgasm like that in public on my porch in front of my friends (even though Luke and I had orgasmed in front of each other before) but I was too caught up in the pleasure and excitement of everything to feel embarrassed anymore.

I don't know how much time passed as the other two just stood there taking in the feelings of everything with me on my knees. It felt like hours but surely it was only minutes. They didn't ask me if I got off but I'm pretty sure they knew or at least suspected. They were cool with it.

After all that we still wanted to go through with the plan to check out the abandoned house and we didn't really need anything inside my house anymore so I unlocked the door and we dropped off our bags and headed out to the forest in our wet clothes. We passed by a couple people on the street who seemed to be looking at us and whispering (all 3 of us had very obviously pissed our jeans) but being together we didn't really care. The forest was only 5 minutes away and we began hiking through the brush in our wet jeans and underwear (those of us that were wearing underwear ).

Now the abandoned house was a bit of a way into the forest, about a 30 minute hike or so and it started to rain, it looked like a pretty heavy storm was coming in. Half way to the cabin, John asked up to stop so he could take a piss again and Luke and I just looked at him and I said, "We're already getting soaked from the rain, just piss your pants again."

"Didn't it feel pretty good anyway?" Luke added as he shot me a smirk. "Here, I'll go too."

The 3 of us all pissed again in our jeans as the rain was pouring down on us. By the time we reached the abandoned house the downpour was torrential and we needed to take shelter inside the abandoned house. It wasn't falling apart or anything so we guessed it had only been abandoned a few years and there were obvious signs that other kids came here to party sometimes.

We hung out and chatted about regular stuff for a little while waiting for the rain to pass but after about an hour the storm showed no signs of letting up and we all needed to pee again. This time we all stood together in a circle in the corner of the cabin and let go while checking out each other's streams. Luke and John definitely seemed into this at least to some degree and at least for today.

After we all finished and sighed with relief, things took a bit of an exciting turn. Luke asked me if I was wearing girls panties underneath the girls jeans I was wearing. I shyly admitted to him that I was and he asked if he could see. I said, "Only if you two show me your underwear as well."

Luke said, "I'm not wearing any," as he unbuttoned his jeans and let them drop to the floor, proudly exposing his piss soaked dick to me and John.

"Fair enough," John followed and he too dropped his jeans but this time revealing some piss soaked grey boxers with a nice outline of dry cotton near the waistband to mark where they were wet.

I unbuttoned my jeans, exposing my wet red cotton panties to the two of them and to my even greater surprise Luke asked if he could try them on. I agreed only if we could trade clothes and I could try on his piss soaked jeans and shoes. We traded shirts as well. I was completely in heaven getting to wear the jeans Luke was commando in all day and the sneakers his bare feet had been sweating in all day. Luke looked really sexy is my girls outfit too.

John asked if he could try on my girls clothes as well and he and I proceeded to trade clothes and the 3 of us kind of took turns swapping and trying on each other's outfits.

Through all of this I noticed Luke and John getting hard and we were all trapped in this cabin in the rain storm, it was all kind of romantic actually, but one thing lead to another and I offered to suck them off which they accepted and things kind of spiralled from there. I won't go into full detail on this because it wasn't really omo related anymore and I'm not sure if that's entirely appropriate for this forum but a couple hours later after the rain had finally stopped and our clothes were mostly dry, we began hiking back through the woods to my house.

We had all swapped clothes so John was wearing my red panties, fishnets, skinny jeans, grey top and sneakers. I was wearing Luke's jeans, tank top and sneakers, no underwear. Luke was wearing John's clothes, socks, sneakers, underwear and all. On the way back we each had one final wetting in each other's clothes before heading back to my house. We swapped back into our own respective clothing and Luke and John started their walks home as the sun was setting.

We all became even closer friends after that (even though we were already pretty close). Luke and John are still straight although there were a few more times we experimented together. A couple of those involved wetting and although Luke and John seemed to enjoy it they never really took it on as a fetish the way I did.

This is still to this day one of the greatest omorashi and sexual experiences in general I've had in my life. It took a lot of work to write it all out in the level of detail I wanted to share as I wanted to take care to relate everything about the experience that stuck out to me and meant a lot. This whole experience shaped a lot of my fetishes and sexual life in general. I feel so lucky and blessed to have had an experience like this and it has convinced me that heaven truly is a place on earth.

I hope you guys had as much fun reading this as I did recounting it and writing about it. It took a couple hours and I got a few good wettings in while I was writing. Wearing the same outfit I was wearing back then for nostalgia's sake. Here are some photos for you guys to enjoy as well (not the fishnets unfortunately, they didn't make it through the years).

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*006*2021-09-10 00:52

Thanks for the positive feedback guys. Sorry it took so long to reply. Things are finally starting to open up again in Ontario and I have been super busy with work but I really appreciate that some of you enjoyed the story. It helped to write it out. Sometimes there's a lingering frustration when you just go over memories again and again in your head. I've tried to journal many times before but it just isn't my thing so taking the time to write it out in this kind of setting ended up being kind of therapeutic. Part of me had been looking for another experience like this or like hanging on this memory and wishing I could see those guys again even though we have long since moved on from each other's lives but since the clubs in the gay district started opening up again, me and one of my partners met a swinger couple a few weeks ago and we are going to sex party on Saturday so things are looking up.

Anyways, thanks again for the support. I will write about more experiences soon.

*009*2021-09-22 21:48

{{On 9/10/2021 at 1:28 AM, I Like Cows said:

I love your story! Im from Markham as well and that little fact made this story even better for me!

}}

Thanks. I got another Markham/Unionville experience I'm writing up later today. Let me know what you think when it drops

{{On 9/10/2021 at 10:06 AM, Wetsy said:

Awesome story..Love the fact that you all kept pissing your pants together..

}}

Getting to wet and re-wet with friends throughout the day is one of the most exhilarating experiences I have to say.

