First time I really couldn't hold it

Author: Dutchdreamer

*000*2020-07-09 11:54

So I'm a diaper lover and I like the feeling of peeing my pants, but unfortunately I have always had a bladder of steel in real life. So I never had any real accidents for as long as I can remember.

Today I was playing a little game where I roll dice to determine how badly I had to go and whether or not I could stop myself if I started peeing. It's only pretend, since I've never been able to have a real accident. Only purposeful ones. I'd already wet my pants once while walking back from the mailbox. They were soaked before I entered the front door but I hadn't quite finished emtying my bladder. So I changed my pants and drank some water, intending to have another 'accident' while gaming on the couch.

That's when I noticed that my bladder was giving me stronger signals than usual. I decided then that I wouldn't pee myself on purpose this time, just wait and see what happened while trying to hold. Now, whenever I tried this in the past, I could pretty much hold indefinitely. It would only hurt but no chance of anything coming out unless I purposely let it.

This time though, less than 10 minutes into my game, my bladder actually started to spasm. It was agony to hold it. I was actually sweating every time a spasm hit me.

Within 3 minutes of the first spasm, they became actually unstoppable. Three of them hit me close together. The first one I started peeing a little but I could regain control within a heartbeat. Then the second time it came out with force and I had to really clamp down in order to stop it. Still, my underwear was already soaked through and there was a huge spot in my jeans. I only got control back for a moment before the final spasm hit and I couldn't stop for several seconds. I was so wet by then that I just gave up trying and kept peeing until my pants were thoroughly soaked.

I'm 35 years old and this was the first time in my life that I actually lost control of my bladder and wet myself. It felt so helpless. Just divine.

