Wet myself in the changing rooms

Author: Skinnyboy

*000*2016-01-03 00:53

Hey I'm new to this so sorry for any mistakes or the story for being too long or too descriptive.

Basically I'm slim young guy (age 20) and I never have any body hair. Clean shaved.

How the story starts.

I've recently just moved into my own flat for the first time and I decided to start going to the gym and start swimming. So I went out and got stuff for the gym and swimming for example compressed running tights and top shorts and I got a n expensive swimming breif as well. So the next day came around and I got up a 7am to get an early swimming session since it would be emty. So as I was starting to get ready to head over it just came to mind that I had so much water to drink the day before since I left the heating on full blast while I was out getting clothes and swim wear the day before and when I came back it was boiling so I tuned the heating off and got a couple of 500ml bottles of water to drink. I didn't want to open the windows to let out the heat because within 2minutes of the windows being open it would be beyond freezing since its winter at the minute and I live in a wintery country so that was not an option.

But anyway drank both those bottles and then another two after that then watched a movie and went to bed. So back to the story. As I was packing stuff into my sports bag and getting clothes to wear (still naked at the time) got every in the sports bad and I was really starting to get desperate now like badly. Started to get my clothes on when I noticed that I forgot to put my swimming breif in. Then I thought I'll just wear them under my jeans so it less hassle getting changed in the changing room. Now before this story go's any further that I would like to say that I've never wore any type of tight sports clothing before its always been like normal loose swim shorts or running shorts etc.

I was quite nevouse wearing a low raise multi coloured swimming breif since I knew it would show off what I've got and I would be 99% naked but I wanted something to wear down that line since it would be allot better for doing lenghts in the swimming pool. So anyway I put them on I was not expecting them to be that snug, they fitted me perfectally but this is when I got really nervous, I look down and noticed after sorting everything out I had quite a big package at the front and yeah basically you could see what I had down their very easily from a mile away and then I started to panick cause I could feel that I was getting even more desperate and I wasn't sure if I could even wear this when everyone could see what I've got so easily but I convinced my self that no one would be there so I would be fine.

Back to the story

So after all of that I was still wearing my swimming breif and looking for my jeans that I was planning on wearing, found them and as soon as I tried to put them on a wave of desperation hit me a very tiny bit came out. I looked for damage but it was that tiny that nothing was showing so I started to get ready FAST. I got my super skinny pale blue jeans on and the rest of my clothes, gabbed my sports bag oand headed to the gym. I didn't want to stop and use the toilet at my house I was too focused on getting the swimming pool and getting back before anyone started to come and use the facility's. 

The gym was on a 2 minute walk away from my house so that was lucky for me. As I was walking over my desperation was a 8/10 getting to that stage where my musules wear starting to give up on stopping my self from wetting my self, and as I was walking over I noticed the my jeans are so tight on that the lining of my swimming breif wear showing through so everyone could see I was wearing breifs underneither my jeans.

As I was about to start walking up the sairs to get to the gym entrance my musels gave was for a second and a big stream came out for a second, I panicked like hell managed to stop it and look at what damaged has been done. To my luck nothing was showing through but I could feel between my legs since wearing a low raise swimming breif it tucks your stuff almost between your legs so the part of the swimming breif that go's right between your legs was now damp and at this stage I was at a 9/10 for desperation, getting to that stage where you know you've got less than 5minutes before you have an accident.

Also I remembered that I've never had an accident before and I didn't know what to do if it happened. So I managed to get in and get to the reception and I asked for a month pass (since that gets you into the gym and the swimming pool for free after the purchase of the month pass) and I looked up and their was a stunning woman about the same age as me (teenager age) and she said yes that's fine let me get you the forms for you to fill out. Completely forgot about the forms that I would need to fill out. So I started to fill them out and I was getting to the point of where leaks were going to start coming out. And I was correct soon as I started all I could feel was small medium and large leaks coming out for a minute straight when filling out the forms. After I finally managed to get myself under control I looked down and I got a fright when I saw a small wet patch on the inner part of my left leg.

After another 2minutes of forms this is where I knew I was in deep deep trouble. My musels gave way and a small steady stream started to come out just as I filled out the form and she took it away to get me my pass and I way trying everything to get myself under control but I couldn't. It was quite a small stream so it was taking forever to come out since I was wearing tight swimming breif and super skinny jeans. She came back and she started to go over the features of the pass the dams burst full force and I could feel it all running down my left leg and the left leg of the Jean starting to get very warm. But after 5secons I managed to stop it and looked at the damage and all the way from crotch down my inner leg to my knee was wet and so was the front of the jeans and so was my bum. I'm just glad the counter at reception was above waist height so she could see the wet patch. I knew at this stage I had pretty much wet myself but I wanted to al least make it to the toilet.

So I got into my little changing qubical I instantly started to undress as fast as I could and I just shoved everything into the locker. I had a quick look to see what the damage was on my swimming breifs and they were soaked from half way up my bum to a quarter of the way up the front of the brief. So I rushed to the toilet as I was still sort of wetting my self but just my luck the bathroom was locked. And I had to make a mad dash to the reception in nothing but my low raise swimming briefs and I asked her at the reception if she had the key to the bathroom just I'm really desperate and i m about to wet myself and as I said that I fully lost control for 3 second and then she seen the wet spot on the front of my swimming breifs and a stream going down both my legs and she blurted out "OMG I'm so sorry hold it in and I'll get the keys.

I looked down and there were still lines running down both my legs to my feet. She came back and we both rushed back to the toilets and she was trying to find what key was for the bathroom and as she was doing that a medium stream started to come out and she turned round she looked down to the front of my swimming breifs and she say the wet patch that was where my package was was starting to travel upword and she noticed that again it was running down both my shaved legs and she said try hard not to wet your self any more I'm almost there.

I was at full panick mode. Theirs a really cute woman in front of me and I'm wearing nothing but low raise swimming breifs with shaven legs and she can see my junk and she can see how big my junk is and I'm also wetting my self and all of this is for the first time. I'm standing there moaning and wetting and going red in the face and then it just happened. " oh nonononononono" and as I said that she turned round to see my fully wetting my self at full force it was running down the front and the back of both my legs and I just looked up at her and said "I'm so sorry but I'm wetting my self and she says I'll let you finish then.

But she never looked away. Once I was done she said follow me please and she took me to the reception even tho I've just wet myself and its clearly noticeable. She walked behind the counter and says " I'm so so so sorry about that I completely forgot to unlock the bathrooms and showers, I really want to make it up to you" I just replied saying I just want to go get changed and go home I'm mortified I don't want to come back here it's too embarrising now. She said I'll make it up to you just wait.

She looked up into this small supply cupboard and she was rumaging around then all I heard was found them and she pulled out some stuff and started to unfold it on the counter. Here have these as part of my apolagy she said and I asked what is it? "we used to sell really exspencive swim wear in here last year but none of it got sold because of the price and their all a size small and I think that will fit you" I looked at all the stuff and their was 4 pairs of men's fastskin swimming full leg swimming tights speedo FS II then 6 pairs of these super sleek men's speedo swimming breifs and a black swimming goggles.

And then I noticed the price tags and I added the price of everything up and the cost of everything was nearly 2000 and I said these are so exspencive why are you giving me these? She calmly came back with their just going to stay up there and I can't sell them any more since the FS II have been banned from allot of sporting events and their just going to stay up in the cupboard forever you can have them at this point I had complete forgotten I was still in wet swimming breifs in the reception talking to someone cute.

All I could say was thank you then she handed me a year pass to all the facility's in the sporting centre and said "here have this as well, the reason I'm giving you this pass is I don't want you to be afraid of coming here again I want you to come back and still feel confident in your self and I know this will be a bad memory for you I want to try and turn this into a better memory just I wet my self in school and it scarred me for life and I don't want that happing to you to" again all I could say was thank you and I asked are you not going to get into allot of trouble for this?

She replied with a smile on her sace just saying "can't fire myself no can I?" Then I realised she was the manager. So after all of that Igot changed into a pair of the FS II and damm they were tight as hell. And as I walked out of the changing room she was looking for and she asked can I see the wet stuff please? I'll get them washed for you whilsed your swimming and then I told her this " I'm sorry but could you wash my jeans as well please?

While I was filling out the form I wet my jeans as well" by my surprise she laughed and went " I didn't want to say anything at the but when you were filling out the form I heard a hissing sound I looked at your jeans since that's were the sound was coming from and I saw a wet patch running down your left leg" I blushed and said "sorry" she said there see them and I'll was them and dry them off for you and as she was walking away with my wet stuff she turned round and said "they look good on you, really shows off what you've got" and I looked down and my package was noticble and covered it up and we both laughed, and then she said oh one last thing. No other coutomers were in and I'm the only member of staff is so your secret is safe with me.

Actually sorry if that was a bit to long but I hoped you enjoyed and their will be more wetting stories on the way

*006*2016-01-13 02:39

Thanks for that. Sorry it wasn't as well written as it should of been. Just got a new laptop and its auto correcting words that have been spelled right and trying to finish and replace parts of the story for me. Set the laptop back to default settings for the keyboard. Will be be more stories coming out in the next week.

