I think I've found my soul mate

Author: YesIamThatDan

*000*2014-07-13 11:20

So yesterday my girlfriend, Alexiss, was staying at my house, and I decided to surprise her with a freshly-cooked dinner (rather than cop out and order a pizza). Unfortunately, she was not the type of person to be even slightly okay with wetting- she'd told me that she was "okay with anything but poo and golden showers." Oh boy.

I decided to make some five-alarm chili that night. Pouring Alex and myself each a tall glass of Coke, I began to prepare the chili. Coke goes right through me, however- I was quickly elevated to a 5 out of 10.

Soon the chili was ready, and Alex was chomping at the bit. I brought a giant pitcher of icewater, two glasses, bowls, spoons, and the chili over to the table, where we soon went through not only the entire pot of chili, but the whole pitcher of water to boot.

After dinner, Alex and I watched a movie on my bed and cuddled a bit. I could feel the need in my bladder increasing to about a 7 out of 10, but I chose to ignore it. Soon I noticed that Alex had fallen asleep, straddling me from the front, fully clothed. I was trapped for sure, and I knew if I peed on my girlfriend, I was a goner! Pushing panic out of my mind, I called myself down and fell asleep.

I soon awoke to my girlfriend moaning gently in my ear. She gave a small whimper, like that of a little girl half her age. I quickly realized that my time was nearly up- i couldn't awaken her, and I couldn't get out from under her without tipping her off the twin bed ad onto the floor. I was about to try a sideways-rolling maneuver when a small sound caught my ear. And all-too-familiar sound. Alex gave another small moan of relief as a small hissing sound rose from her pants in a delicate crescendo.

Her urine, following gravity, began to soak my pants. I was getting completely drenched in my girlfriend's pee, and my dear Alexiss was still fast asleep! It was then that my bladder jolted me back to reality with a gut-wrenching pang. The obvious idea came into my mind, and my desperate bladder shouted its approval with a sharp spurt. Slowly, even as Alexiss' urine spread across my waist, I began to pee. Our juices flowed together as the twin streams of urine hitting pants made a chorus of hissing. As I finished urinating, at what seemed like a century in the future, Alexiss did the same. I decided that now was the right moment. I gently nudged her shoulder with my hand, whispering her name. She closed her eyes more tightly for a moment, and suddenly she opened them and gave me a look that begged forgiveness.

"Did I...?" she whispered, trailing off.

"Shh..." I whispered. "It's alright. I'm alright with it. It's just one more thing I get to do with you."

Realization flickered across her eyes. "Did you do...that...too?"

"I didn't want you to feel alone, Alex," I replied, just grateful I wasn't in the doghouse.

A quiet moment passed. Alexiss fidgeted a bit, trying to get used to the wetness. "You know, it kind of feels nice, once you get used to it. Down there, I mean."

I just smiled and gave her a warm, wet kiss.

