First Time I Wet Nylons

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-30 23:53

My friend Dex and I got together for some wetting in public a few summers ago. Dex was very into desperation (his own and others), and wanted to get desperate in public while walking down a busy street. Of course, I agreed to that (though I'd be wetting rather than holding, of course), and bought a tacky sundress for the occasion, and Dex asked me to get nylons, too, since he had a thing for them (wearing/wetting them himself and watching others do the same), and I had promised several times that I would give wetting nylons a chance someday. So, no time like right then, I bought a pair of the classic tan I didn't know was an old lady shade, but who cared, I was only wearing them once.

I parked a few blocks away from the main street, and Dex and I walked up, already feeling our bladders. I intended to let go at a bus stop, and started to, but Dex, who couldn't think of anything besides how bad he needed to piss, just kept walking, and couldn't hear me over the traffic, so I kept walking, too, peeing as I walked. I was amazed that with the nylons, it pretty much spread down most of my legs, and it felt cool rather than hot. A different feeling. I managed to get Dex's attention before I pushed out one more gush as we stood at a corner. Felt so naughty standing in a puddle during rush hour, and making things even more desperate for poor Dex; seeing me pee didn't help him at all.

Dex couldn't piss himself on the busy street, was too paranoid, so I drove him to a more secluded area, where he barely made it out of the car before he flooded his pants.

*003*2016-07-01 10:22

{{3 hours ago, moiamigo said:

Very nice thanks! So you weren't tempted to try them again?

}}

No, while it was a fun experience, nylons (and most other dressy clothes) aren't me...

