The time I peed myself in my car

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-04-16 22:36

Another story about me. This time I was in my twenties. I had several jobs one of which was cleaning the communal areas of flats. This one day I had two four storey blocks in one town and 8 three storey blocks in another town to do. I had to carry the hoover and all the cleaning stuff with me and always had bottles of water as the flats were so hot. As I was hoovering the stairs in the first block of four storey flats I felt the need to pee a bit but as there was nowhere to go I carried on. It was thirsty work carrying the hoover up and down all the stairs to plug and unplug it all the time then back up the stairs to polish the banisters and wipe all the sills down. By the time I had sprayed air freshener at every level on the first block I had drank a bottle and a half of water.

I moved next door to the second block and had to do it all again. I was sweating so had to keep stopping to drink more and I could feel my bladder filling more and more. I was dancing a bit with Henry the hoover and jigging about as I cleaned but as I was so hot I still had to drink.

Finally I was finished at the first town after an hour and had to head the twenty minute drive to the next town.

Once I sat in my car to drive I had to concentrate on driving so the need seemed to settle down. I should have stopped off at a supermarket to pee but where is the fun in that?

So I drove on not thinking I had nearly two hours work left and nowhere to pee.

The flats in the second town were smaller but had a bigger landing so more hoovering. I was dancing and crossed legged as I hoovered and polished and I hoped there was no cctv watching me.

By the time I got to the third block of flats I was so bursting to pee. I actually recall sticking the hoover tube between my legs to help me hold at one point! I tried to clean as quick as I possibly could and had to get into my car to move to the blocks behind the ones I had done. I remember sitting in my car with both hands between my legs thinking I could not possibly hold and clean much longer but I could not drive either! I was so full!

Those last four blocks were a sight to see! I pee danced openly as I cleaned and moaned and openly said stuff like ‘god I am gonna piss myself any second’

I often wonder if anyone in the flats could hear me? I longed to open the hoover and sit on Henry and pee inside him!!!! I was leaking and dripping and by the time I finished it was dark and raining again. I sat in my drivers seat and pissed my pants so hard. It was orgasmic!

@wettingman

*004*2019-04-17 21:07

{{7 minutes ago, DonnyWotty said:

You are an absolute treat.

Real talk, is anyone else waiting for the day @Mbgpeelover writes an article titled along the lines of "Today I couldn't make it to the toilet and had a very embarrassing public accident"?

}}

I’m sure that day might come but you’ll never know when lol

*009*2019-04-26 17:41

{{2 hours ago, OmoNeon said:

You actually fully pissed in your car seat?

}}

Yip.

