Accidentally wet the bed, while sober and not even trying to

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2021-12-05 08:19

Hi! I have wet the bed by accident before. As a literal child. Then later after I started drinking, developed a serious drinking problem and got black-out drunk loads of times. If you're wondering I've stopped doing that regularly nearly a decade ago and the last time I got black-out drunk was I think about 7 years ago. And still it happened like, 4 times total I think. Out of hundreds of times? Also it wasn't that great, you know, being hungover.

Then a few years ago I managed to wet myself during my sleep and sober, after trying LOADS of times. I'd always wake up full. Basically my tactic was to make my body as unlikely to wake up as possible while having my bladder as full as possible. It got me some terrible sleep since I always woke up and either went to the bathroom or wet the bed while awake, then having to fall back asleep, if I managed to fall asleep before I had to go too badly for that.

I did things like triple my melatonin intake, purposefully get some really bad sleep one night to prepare for the next if I had two days off, using rapid desperation and pee right before bed, then drinking one liter of water. With doing stuff like that, I managed to do it once and I absolutely flooded my bed that time. By the time I finally managed to do that I had practically given up on it being possible. I always wake up. And if you've been actively trying at every opportunity for months and you finally manage to pee while sleeping just once, and never again since, you can't really call that a true accident, right? I actively tried to make it happen.

This time was different. I didn't plan to do it. Sure, I wet myself on purpose not long before bed and drank some water afterwards, but only a little bit and I do that often. I just wake up normally 6 to 8 hours later not even needing to pee that badly. Sure, I was exhausted but not that exhausted. I've been more exhausted loads of times. I often drink way more before I go to bed with the idea that I'll have to pee when I wake up in the morning and then can pee myself if I want to, just to dilute that morning pee a little bit, and not with any hope of ever wetting the bed. I didn't even do that last night.

When I woke up I noticed the smell - indicating that it definitely wasn't because I drank a lot, since if that's the cause it barely has a smell. I was like "wait, I don't remember doing that?" until I remembered that I def did not, and fell asleep in a dry bed and didn't wake up in the middle of the night. If I do wake up and decide to just pee the bed, it is because I have to pee A LOT and I get a huge puddle, and won't be able to stop before it gets huge because of it being an absolute flood. 

This was just some wetness around my butt and halfway down to my knees, the size of the wet patch inflated due to the mattress protector I have for when I do it on purpose, largely spreading it around on the sheets instead of it soaking down into the mattress. It adds to the idea of not being able to control your bladder, which is one of the things I like about this fetish. It was just a little bit. I didn't even have to pee that badly, but I still had to pee. It didn't feel like it was too recent, with my sheets and panties not being soaked and not being warm, just wet at ambient temperature. My bladder wasn't filled to the brim when it happened, and there was no reason for my body not to wake up like it always does if I really need to pee.

So, this is the first time in like two decades where I accidentally wet the bed while sober, while sleeping and while not even trying in the slightest. Like, a genuine bedwetting accident. Living alone and having a day off, there are literally no downsides. This is what I always wanted to happen. It's weird how it just randomly did. But I'll take it.

