Long Day At Work, Needed Release

Author: lihp

*000*2019-01-16 22:37

It has been a long week so far at work. How can it only be Wednesday?

I had the urge to pee before I left work this evening. I usually empty my bladder before the drive home just in case I get caught up in traffic, even if the drive is not more than 20-30 minutes. Tonight was a typical drive home from work, completely unremarkable. Except I couldn't get work off my mind even though the work day was over. I needed to change things up a little bit. I needed to relax and free my mind of responsibilities.

I don't usually wet my own male clothes. I find it more enjoyable to wet in panties or other female clothing for some reason. But things are different this evening.

I arrived home and could feel that I definitely had to go. It wasn't an urgent need, not desperation. I unlocked the front door, took my shoes off. Before I even took another step I closed my eyes and just made the decision to stop holding it. I wanted to flush all of the stress of the day out with my adult responsibilities in the physical form of wetting my pants. Within a few seconds I could feel the burst of wet warmth into my red boxer briefs. I could feel the warm river run through and down the right leg of my pants, soaking my socks and the floor. I knew without opening my eyes that the front of my khakis would show the accident. It felt amazing and it was exactly what I needed. The tension is gone.

I am enjoying the feeling as my wet pants cool and I sit here. I don't really want to take them off, at least not yet.

I don't share enough on here with the community, so I at least wanted to contribute a bit tonight. Hopefully someone out there enjoyed it half as much as I did.

*001*2019-01-16 22:48

And just because I feel that everyone should share their wet underwear with the world, here are mine.

$$

