Sarah Diaries - Wet Jeans & Question

Author: jasonpa

*000*2018-04-27 12:40

Last night Sarah rook the boys to swimming club. While the boys are swimming it is no usual for her to have a drink with the other mums in the local pub / restaurant.

Last night I had been out and arrived home about 30 minutes after Sarah.

I was surprised to find Sarah already in her pjs.

Assuming she had maybe had a mishap and not wanting to bring the subject up I decided to check the laundry. The washer was on however so I was sure if she had wet the evidence would now be long gone.

However well hidden at the bottom of the wash-bag I located her jeans and panties (pics attached).

And yes she had wet and noticeably. When I don't know however her jeans were still set as were the gusset of her panties.

I have a question for you ladies and this is out of genuine concern. Should Sarah's underwear be so dark? Is this natural?

She would have worn them for no more than 8 hours. Though even a boil wash would not get them white to begin with.

$$

$$

*004*2018-04-27 23:58

Thank you for your comments. I will continue to monitor Sarah's underwear (as per usual) and note the colour of her stains. I am leaning towards dehydration as I know she often drinks very little in order to not fill her bladder and hence reduce the chance of wetting.

One thing I am sure is that she is not on her period that ended over a week ago now.

*006*2018-04-28 17:30

I don't think Sarah would take anything to make her need more urgent. As you can tell her bladder control is not the greatest at the best of times.

*012*2018-04-28 23:37

Firstly thank you for experimenting I hope you enjoyed undertaking the test.

Although we are trying to be more open with each other;specifically Sarah's toilet problems clearly as is stated she did not want me to see the evidence hence I have not mentioned it to her.

Indeed she knows I post on this forum on this occasion I was after advice / opinions which I'm so glad has been provided.

While she is out tomorrow I will check some more underwear and post if there is anything to report.

Thanks again

*015*2018-04-29 12:30

Found these knickers in the laundry this morning.

The wetting is not as dark as the other day. Proabably just dehydration.

Not a sexy thong; sorry.

$$

