First time wetting in front of my girlfriend

Author: small-wet-kitt

*000*2017-12-01 02:56

First time wetting in front of my girlfriend

So just some background here, I am into omo however I still have unplanned accidents at times because my timing is horrible and when I have nightmares or panic attacks I pretty much lose control of my bladder. This has been happening since I was 13/14 I think? My parents don't know since I started doing it when I was older and was too embarrassed to say anything.

I don't wet the bed often, it's only happened a few times in the past year and when it does it's not a huge deal since I can easily clean it up without anyone finding out. However, this time was different.

I had a long distance relationship with this girl who lived a few states away, and she had flown down here to spend a week with me and go to warped tour (rip) together. Let's call her Sarah. So Sarah had flown down and we met, all that cute shit. I was 16 at the time and I believe she was 17 when this happened? She's a year and a half older than me, idk.

Anyway, Sarah was staying with me at my mom's house for the week. She slept in my room with me every night and at first everything was going smooth, until the fourth night she was there.

Keep in mind, I had never told her about me wetting. Not in the kink sense or the unplanned kind. She had no clue about any of this. I hadn't wet the bed in months so when we went to bed it never crossed my mind to wear protection or anything like that. We laid down and thank god she moved in her sleep because if we had been cuddling when it happened and it got on her I think I would have died.

We had gotten high earlier that night so we were both super tired by the time we went to bed. I didn't prepare for bed at all and I slept in what I was wearing that day (a burgundy tank top and some light grey tight jeans). Naturally, when you're high you drink a lot and this was about to come back and bite me in the ass.

Side note: I know a lot of people stop dreaming when they smoke weed but for me my dreams just get really weird or become nightmares. And on this night, I had a really bad nightmare.

I don't remember what it was about but I remember I was absolutely terrified and I was literally sobbing when I woke up. At first I didn't realize what was happening and I wasn't really aware, but then I felt warmth quickly spreading on my crotch and shoved a hand in my crotch to try and stop the flow, but it was pointless. My pee was flowing rapidly over my legs and turning my jeans a dark gray color. I was still crying and tried to stop it but it didn't work.

That's when I looked over and saw Sarah stirring in her sleep and sitting up. My heart dropped and I quickly pulled my blanket over me while continuing to completely soak my pants underneath.

“Are you okay?” she asked groggily. She rubbed her eyes and that's when I realized my loud ass had woken her up with my sobbing.

I didn't answer, I just cried quietly as what was left in my bladder emptied. I probably peed for just under 2 minutes.

“Piper, look at me,” she said. She pulled me into her arms and the blanket fell off of my lap. I gasped and tried to grab it but she had already seen my pants at that point. “Did you…?” she asked. I didn't say anything so she continued “...pee the bed?”

I cringed at her choice in words but nodded slightly while more tears rolled down my cheeks.

“Oh,” was all she said. I assumed she hated me at that point and climbed off the bed to get cleaned up. I had kinda stopped crying at that point but I was still distraught. I thought for sure she was gonna break up with me.

I peeled off my wet jeans in the bathroom and hopped in the shower for a quick clean up. After that I dried off and put on some black leggings and a sweater. I stayed in the bathroom for another few minutes because I was terrified of what was to come, but after a little while Sarah knocked on the door and asked if I was okay, so I opened the door.

She was actually really sweet about it. She stripped the sheets for me while I was in the bathroom and put them in the wash. We didn't talk about what happened that night but the next day she asked if that was a regular occurrence so I explained that it happens when I have nightmares or panic attacks (leaving out the fact that I still have random unplanned accidents from time to time because I'm bladder shy and won't tell anyone I need to go until it's too late). She was pretty understanding since she has panic attacks too (except she doesn't wet herself during them lmao I think I'm alone on that)

My only problem with her knowing was the following nights when we went to bed she would be like “did you go to the bathroom?” or “do you have to go?” or “make sure you use the bathroom first” which made me feel kinda weird and embarrassed.

Anyway, this was just under a year ago during the awkward stages of our relationship. We're still together and she's seen me wet two other times (three if you count heavily leaking and leaving a wet spot on my pants before finding a toilet). If you guys wanna hear about those let me know

