Desperate Day at a College Visit

Author: Logan543

*000*2017-05-12 23:39

Hi everybody! This is my first time posting so I thought I would start off with an experience that happened to me at a college. I went to go visit a college with my Uncle and we had to leave really early to get there in time. I woke up around 5:00 AM and had my morning pee as I do every morning. I then had about half a glass of water before I left. He picked me up and we had about a 4 hour drive ahead of us. I drank a water bottle on the way there and when we arrived I had a very tiny urge to pee but it was barely noticeable. They lectured us for about an hour and then dismissed us into groups to go talk to the people associated with the majors we were interested in. When we got to the hall a lot of the parents went to the bathroom but I didn't notice any of us kids go. They talked to us there for about an hour and a half. I had to pee at this point but not enough to make me uncomfortable or anything.

They released us and I saw that like two girls and three guys all headed to the bathrooms, I really don't like using public restrooms so I elected to hold it. We then met up with this guy my uncle knew and headed out to lunch. There I had a large milkshake and a good sized Pepsi. By the end of the lunch I had to pee fairly bad. Afterwards we walked around the campus and my urge grew worse and worse. We toured some campus dorms and the sight of the bathrooms made me really desperate. We dropped the guy off and headed home. The four hour drive sucked so bad, the whole time I was concentrating on not leaking. My bladder is actually very strong though so I held on the whole four hours. I got home bursting and I quickly went into the bathroom. I peed for a solid minute or so. I really am glad my bladder is so strong.

