Bladder burst while setting a new personal record

Author: DataLover88

*000*2022-05-15 20:57

Last night I did another hold to try to set a record for the most pee I've been able to hold in my bladder at once. My max has slowly risen from about 1.6 litres to about 1.8 litres not too long ago, which is already pretty big, but I've been wanting to be able to hold more, and it looks like I've been able to achieve it.

I started off by drinking a cup of tea and an additional half cup of water every 20 minutes starting at 21:00. Drinking caffeine and a lot of water always makes me desperate quickly, which I needed since I was starting off with a completely empty bladder. By 22:00, I had drank 4.5 cups of liquid and was starting to feel the need to pee, but not too badly. By 23:00, I had drank 9 cups of liquid, and was starting to feel pretty full. Finally by midnight, after drinking 13.5 cups of liquid, I was feeling desperate. My bladder was bulging out very far and was rock hard when pressed. It took a considerable amount of effort to keep all the pee inside my bladder. 

I decided to not make any more tea and would instead just drink the half cup of water every 20 minutes until I started spurting, which wouldn't take too much longer based on how full my bladder was. By 01:00, I had drank 15 cups of liquid. My bladder was absolutely bursting. It took almost all of my effort to not let any pee escape my overfilled and stretched out bladder. I was very close to bursting point, so I decided that I wouldn't drink anymore water and would go ahead and weigh myself. It was incredibly difficult to get out the scale and stand still long enough on it to be weighed. Almost every movement I made caused my bladder to try to release all the pee inside of it. I weighed 58.1kgs with a bursting bladder. I leaked a few times while doing this, but no major spurts, so I was going to keep holding for a little while longer.

Shortly after that, at about 1:30, it became apparent that my bladder could not hold any more pee inside of it. Leaks were turning into spurts, even to the point where I had a small wet patch on the front of my pants. I ran to the washroom, spurting the entire time as my bladder squeezed pee out with every movement I made. I laid down in the bathtub with my stomach facing down, which put almost all of my weight on my rock hard bladder bulge. The pressure was too much, causing my bladder to burst. Even though I was still clenching to hold in pee as best as I could, nothing could stop the hot torrent pee from exploding out of my bursting bladder.

I peed so hard that pee shot in all directions, soaking me from my chest to my knees, which continued for at least two minutes. After the initial long torrent, I had to push the last few spurts out. Though finally, after what felt like forever, all of the pee was out of my bladder. I cleaned myself up and changed clothes, then went back to the scale. I weighed 56.1kgs without a bursting bladder. After a lot of holds, I finally reached a huge goal of mine. My bladder held 2 litres of pee inside of it.

