An Early Omo Memory

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2022-05-06 10:00

So, I want to know if I was the only one who did this or did something similar. Also, I was like 12 or 13 at the time of this, so exploring sexual activity in a purely curious manner was just a part of coming into puberty.

Back in ye olde days, before you could hand a child a tablet and fidget toys weren't a thing, my sister and I used to play with all sorts of dolls and toys. Naturally we had Barbie's, but we also had hotwheels and tractors and a science kit. One rainy day, my sister and I were quietly playing in our room when I got the idea to "adjust" the way that our Barbie's looked. I didn't like the fact that they were all think and pretty and I wanted some variety in their appearances. I also wanted them to have more ... normal.... functions.

So, I took one of the Barbie's, put her in a skin tight dress, and proceeded to stuff anything small I could find into the dress. Anything to make her look like she was fat or pregnant or something. For a while, having this one (clearly different) doll was enough, but I needed more. So I went to our science kit and I rigged up something that I 100% can say was the start of my dive into omo. See, in the science kit, there were some small test tubes that had lids. The tubes themselves were actually decently waterproof (though they were plastic, so I couldn't say this was anything other than a child's science set), and worked great for giving the dolls bladders.

For several weeks, I perfected the way I could insert this into the modified Barbie, but after a lot of trial and error, I finally got it so I could make a Barbie look like it was peeing itself. Naturally, that was the highlight of play time (for me) for the next few weeks.

I don't know why I decided to do this, but I'm interested to know if anyone else would do things like this as the began to experiment with sexuality and fetishes.

