Wet, Muddy and Pissy!

Author: LizJWetting

*000*2021-08-22 14:33

This is something from just this morning. It’s a bit of a long and weird story (as I myself am weird, which you’ll find out from reading this) and the actual main pee desperation part is only in the last few chapters, so feel free to skip the earlier stuff if you wish to. Anyway, I hope someone enjoys this.

Today I had a rare occasion of a day to myself, a perfect chance to have a bit of fun.

I waited until I’d had my morning bowel movement so that I wouldn’t have to worry about that, then filled up my large water bottle (700ml I’ve measured it at) then chugged it all down at once and headed out for a walk. It was about 10:30 when I left and the plan was I’d get back home about 12, I’d be desperate to pee by then, and then I’d wet my jeans after getting in. This mostly went to plan, just not quite in the way I was originally expecting.

The first part of the walk was pleasant but uneventful. Then I got to a small secluded pond with a bench, and noticed the bench was wet from last night’s rain. I also have a bit of a wet and messy fetish, and was already in a naughty mood, so I decided to sit on the bench, enjoying the feeling of the moisture seeping in and dampening my bum. I got up to check, and there was a small wet patch on my jeans, but I was disappointed to see that it wasn’t very visible. 

So for some reason I then decided it would be a good idea to scoop up some small amounts of mud from the wet ground, and rub them up and down my jeans to create some noticeable muddy patches. I even knelt down in the mud at one point to get muddy patches on my knees. Fortunately nobody walked past when I was doing this, I'm not sure what I would have said or done if someone had seen me. I was quite pleased with the results, my jeans were obviously muddy, but from a distance it wasn’t that visible. I hadn’t started properly needing to pee yet, so this provided some excitement for now. I kept walking.

Sometime later at about 11:30 or so, I came across another bench, this one more obviously wet with nice patches of moss which had absorbed the water. I decided to re-try the wet bum attempt and sat down on this one. I could feel it was much wetter and the water was nicely dampening my jeans. I slowly shuffled my way along the bench, soaking up water from each part of it and enjoying the sensation.

As I was doing this I heard a family with kids approaching. I quickly got my phone out and tried to look like I was just casually sitting on a bench. The mum must have thought something was strange, as she turned to one of the older kids and said “I bet they must be wet now” and they all shared some odd looks. The question I’m sure they were all asking themselves was “why is this woman wearing muddy jeans and sitting on an obviously wet bench?” I didn’t have a reasonable answer to that question and I’m not sure if they were expecting me to give one, so I didn’t say anything and avoided eye contact as they walked on. 

When they had gone I checked the damage, there was indeed now a very clear dark wet patch on my bum. It didn’t look quite like the wet patch you’d get from wetting yourself, but was still nicely visible. I was tempted to actually leak a bit of pee out too, but didn’t feel ready to take that risk. I smeared a little bit more mud onto my jeans as well, just for good measure. I was beginning to feel the need to pee now, but it was at the comfortably full stage rather than genuine desperation, so I got up and kept walking for another half an hour. It felt really hot to be wet and muddy in public, where people could obviously see me.

I had originally planned that the last part of the walk would involve heading into the shop, as I needed to get a few things anyway. This would be the most awkward part and for a moment I thought about giving up and just heading straight home, but figured I might as well go in since I was here anyway. Fortunately the shop wasn’t very busy, but a few staff and customers must have noticed my wet and muddy jeans but didn’t say anything. I tried to pull my t-shirt down to cover the wet patch but it didn’t fully hide it. I was also beginning to feel a strong need to pee now too, and combined with being wet and dirty it was both exciting and embarrassing at the same time. I didn’t want to hang around long, so I grabbed what I needed, used the self-service till to avoid having to actually speak to a real person, and quickly headed out.

When I got home around 12 I was pretty desperate, but not quite as much as I had hoped I would be, so I filled up my large water bottle and drank it all again, then decided I’d have lunch before allowing myself to go. By the time I had made lunch, eaten it and washed everything up it was 12:30 and I really needed it now, pee dancing a little bit as I did the washing up. But after already having done a few daring things today I wanted to challenge myself more so I would make myself wait until 1pm. There were some clothes hanging upstairs that had just dried, so I put these away, pacing back and forth as I did so, as the water continued to fill into my bladder. It was now 12:50, just ten minutes to go. I logged onto the computer, checking this forum and my email and stuff, and just couldn’t sit still. The minutes crawled past as I waited. Five minutes… three minutes… one minute…

Finally it was time, and without a second of hesitation I ran into the bathroom, stood in the shower and finally let it all out. Piss poured down and soaked into my already damp and muddy jeans and ran down in the plug of the shower. The flow went on for some time, I must have been very full by this point, and the relief after having finished was just amazing and all the excitement of it got me really turned on and I then had a good masturbation session wearing my wet clothes.

For me, being able to combine my fetishes, in a public in a daring way, and everything fitting together far better than I expected, has made this one of my favourite experiences, and I’ll definitely intend to repeat something similar whenever I get the chance.

*002*2021-08-22 16:06

{{49 minutes ago, BB1BBB said:

Sounds like a good morning out!

When I'm out walking, I must check out people sitting on benches. It never occurred to me they might be indulging in a bit of WAM

}}

If it's been raining recently, maybe they are. Or maybe they sat down before noticing it was wet and they're doing it by accident.

*006*2021-08-23 12:40

{{13 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Sounds like you had fun, and I really enjoyed reading this. I have a thing for wet and messy too, though unlike omo it's not a fetish for me unless it's either played in a sensual way or involves soap/washing in those outfits. (And I doubt anyone on a site where wetting for fun is considered normal will think a little wam fun is weird)

}}

Yeah I remember another post you'd made about the topic, so was wondering if you'd be interested in this. To me it's kind of the opposite, I like wearing wet and messy clothes but going about my day as if everything was normal. Soap and other classic stuff like getting messy using food doesn't appeal to me that much though. I have enjoyed getting wet and dirty in private, and had the opportunity for it to happen by accident in public scenarios, but this was the first time I'd actually done it on purpose in public like this, so it was pretty exciting. I assumed there must be an overlap between the two fetishes, but wasn't sure how many people here would be into it since this is mostly a wetting/desperation site.

*008*2021-08-23 18:45

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Well I'd always be up for hearing about them. And even if you're not into soap and food wam, water and mud is still part of it.

Do you ever shower in your jeans, shorts, pajamas, etc.? (Sometimes I do, usually after a wetting)

}}

Maybe I'll share some of that other stuff someday. I do shower and bath clothed sometimes, it is a convenient way to clean yourself up a bit after wetting. However it's not something I do that often.

