Locked Out

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2017-10-19 21:14

Me and my weak bladder are back at it again.

I was trying to practice self care this week since it was an easy one with very little work. I went to bed early and was excited to wake up leisurely since my usual morning class had been cancelled and I only had one other class that day so an evening spent relaxing was on its way.

I, of course, was mistaken.

Make no mistake, I woke up leisurely; but when I rolled over to check my phone, I noticed an event on my calendar. My eyes widened as I took in what it read. I had completely forgotten that I had promised the literary club I’m a member of that I would help set up for a guest lecturer the University was hosting. I now had 10 minutes to get dressed and over to campus.

I hurriedly brushed my teeth and threw on clothes, grabbing my backpack as I raced out the door. In my haste, not only had I forgotten my key, but also to stop and have my morning pee. Of course, I thought of neither of these things as I hurried to the building we were setting up in. I made it just in time to help and then rushed off to lecture as soon as the preparations were done.

It was only once I had sat down in lecture and had time to breathe that I realized my bladder was less than happy. I squirmed a bit until the feeling subsided and thought nothing more of it since there were only 30 minutes left in lecture and I knew I could head home right afterwards. Once the professor finished speaking and released us, I felt my bladder once again raise the warning flag. Although the feeling refused to subside, I once again blew it off. For a moment, I considered using the bathroom on campus; however, after a moment’s deliberation, I decided to just go ahead and make the walk home so I could collapse back into bed or have a nice Netflix date with me, myself, and I.

My need only got worse and worse as I made my way home. I was squirming even as I walked, thighs pressing together as much as they could. My hands clenched and unclenched at my sides constantly, as I resisted the temptation to hold myself. All the other times I had made the desperate walk back to my place had been after the sun had set. This time it was early afternoon, the sun was high in the sky, and pedestrians strolled past me, presumably oblivious to my struggle.

Seconds seemed like hours as I hurried into the lobby and then into the elevator, trying desperately to both hold my bladder and make sure no one could tell that was exactly what I was doing. As the elevator ascended, I felt a large spurt dampen my panties. I grabbed my crotch, pee dancing in earnest as I felt the pressure in my bladder grow. Even once I reached my floor, I could barely appreciate that I was so close to relief because one of the people from my floor was on the other side. I quickly removed my hands from my crotch, thanking god that my neighbor hadn’t noticed, before giving them a brittle smile as they entered the elevator I had just vacated.

Sensing my proximity to my apartment, and thus to a bathroom, my bladder begged for release, sending two more strong spurts into my panties and dampening my jeans. I could practically feel the liquid sliding down my sphincter, aching to be let free. I eagerly stopped in front of the door and reached into my bag to retrieve my keys but came up empty. I panicked as I continued to dig around but never once felt the cool, reassuring metal that would’ve signified I had the means to enter my apartment.

I cursed loudly to myself, hitting the door with my free hand in frustration, as if doing so would magically allow me entrance. All my effort got me was another long leak into my pants, until a noticeable wet spot marred the front of my blue jeans. I got myself back under control, both hands pressed tightly into my crotch, as I took several calming breaths. Eventually, with trembling legs, I managed to get better control of myself and remove my hands. I mentally prepared myself to make the journey back down past the lobby to acquire a spare key. Although I hoped for a moment that the long leak would at least ease the pressure in my aching bladder, it only encouraged my body to let go.

The ride back down to the lobby was excruciating and by the time I finally walked over to maintenance, each step I took nearly made me lose control. I gave the on-duty maintenance worker a forced smile as I asked for the spare, praying he wouldn’t notice my need but simultaneously hoping that he would so he’d hurry up. Unfortunately, he seemed in no rush and leisurely looked for the key before handing it over with a smile far more genuine than mine. I thanked him and turned on my heel to head back to my apartment.

When my bladder slowly began to leak again, I knew it was game over. I felt it dribble down my leg, slipping to the floor, and undoubtedly leaving a small trail down my jeans. Every second the elevator took to return to ground floor was another second closer to what was beginning to feel like an inevitable accident. Having given up on all sense of decorum, I grabbed my crotch again, bending over at the waist and nearly in tears as my pent up urine strained to get free. Once the elevator finally arrived I hobbled in, quickly pressed the button to my floor, and turned so that the minute the door opened I could make a run for my apartment.

Unfortunately, as the elevator doors closed, the floodgates opened. I let out a mortified “no, no, no! Not now! I’m so close!” but my bladder paid me no mind as it finally released itself. I felt the first large leak hit my hands as the elevator ascended, but I continued clutching myself in the desperate hopes of stopping the flood. Despite my best efforts, piss filled my panties, crotch growing warm, as the leak evolved into a waterfall. I was helpless to do anything but stare down at my wet hands, still buried in my crotch, my quickly darkening jeans, and the puddle beginning to form around me. The doors opened on my floor before I had even finished, and I numbly exited the elevator still pissing myself. There I was, a full grown college student, wetting myself where anyone could’ve seen me.

Eventually my bladder exhausted itself, and for a minute I stood there staring at my soaked jeans and the damage I’d done to the carpet. I even thought back to the puddle I’d left in the elevator. My cheeks burned as I slowly made my way to my apartment, no need to rush now, and used the spare key to let myself in. I immediately spotted my keys sitting where’d I’d left them: in plain sight on the kitchen counter. I sighed and resigned myself to a long shower and an earlier laundry day then I’d intended.

