Pee desperation when i was 20

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2020-02-29 13:07

One of the most desperate real life pee experiences in my 20s.

I was returning from a vacation with my parents and we were driving home from the airport.

I had used a urinal before leaving the airport, but that day i needed to pee every half hour. I peed about 4 or 5 times on a 3 hour flight. To my dismay, 10 minutes into the car ride, i had to pee again. I didn't ask my dad to stop because we had only just left the airport. The drive home only took an hour and a half. I figured i could wait. I went back to playing games in my ipod.

I got increasingly desperate for a pee throughout the ride, but was able to hold it without an issue. But it was getting VERY urgent.

When we were about 20 mins from home, i barely contained a spurt of pee. A few drops wet my briefs. I was about to pee my pants. I didn't ask to stop because we were almost home.

I stealthily positioned my penis to face up tucked in my tee shirt, so it could absorb any leaks. I loosened the waistband of my pants. I was starting to doubt that i could wait. I peed a little bit up my shirt. Nothing showed, but i started to panic. I was about to pee my pants in the car.

By sheer willpower, i held most of it back. I leaked several more times, but not a lot. 5 minutes from the house i was counting down. I wanted to hold myself, but resisted due to embarrassment.

When we got there, i tried to walk straight and not too fast to the bathroom. As soon as i locked the bathroom door behind me, i grabbed my crotch and stomped my foot, trying to wait a few moment more. I undid my pants while squirming in front of the toilet. When i finally peed it was amazingly relieving.

*002*2020-03-02 09:35

{{On 2/29/2020 at 9:55 PM, miamiclubkid said:

Was you drinking a lot of water or pop or other liquids on that day? or was your bladder twitchy and not able to hold much that day???? has that happened to you other times??????

}}

Sometimes I get days when I need to pee often and urgently. When i am tired or anxious it happens

