After work fun!

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2016-03-16 16:53

I left work today bursting to pee knowing that my family wouldn't be in. The drive home was seriously close and I decided to have some fun when I got in.

I got a very small cup out of the cupboard (The sort of size that you can just start getting the flow going and then its full) and every 5 minutes for 30 minutes I set out to fill the cup.

However there was a catch. Having heard someone do it before I made the rule that the moment that the cup was full I was to tuck my penis back into my joggers. And then force my self to stop. After 3 cups I had quite a big wet patch. Stopping the flow so quickly was really hard with such a bulging bladder! I managed to do 4 cups. Then on the 5th my aching bladder gave up on me. I whipped my joggers up over my penis but there was just no stopping it! I stood for like 40 seconds totally soaking my self with pee. Nothing did would control the flood!

Either way I was left stood on the tiled floor in the kitchen totally soaked! It was AMAZING!

Seeing as my family aren't back any time soon I cleaned up the mess but changed into a fresh pair of joggers over my wet boxers and now i'm sat on a towel in my computer room all wet.

Better start filling up my bladder again! Can't wait! It's so rare I get chances like these.

*006*2016-03-18 16:34

{{ 

It's a scary situation when you hear the door open unexpectedly. There was one occasion I had to wrap in a blanket off the couch because my parents showed up earlier than I expected. I have a hard time trusting an empty house. Sure was an interesting game you played.

}}

I would be terrified if someone walked in while I was being naughty. I only do stuff when I am super sure that no one will be coming home any time soon!! What did you even say to them when they found you wrapped in a blanket haha?

{{ 

That sounds like a hot game, gonna have to try it

}}

It is great :D Let us know how it goes :D

{{ 

I love playing this game, always fun to see how long I can last whilst doing it.

}}

How many little cups can you last. I bet being a girl it can make it quite a bit more messy!

