Video Game Speed Run Hold (Mirrors Edge)

Author: AceJohnson

*000*2019-03-16 09:18

Hey Everyone! So I really love video games. Like I LOVEEEEEEE them. One of my favorites is a game called Mirrors Edge. I have played through it multiple times, and have beaten it in around 4 hours before. I decided that I might try to challenge myself a little bit while playing the game. I will be drinking about 12 oz of water every 30 min until I either A) Beat the game , or B) Wet myself. I will be checking in and writing more every time I have more to drink. Its been a while since I have played the game so I guess we will see how it goes .

At the moment I am wearing some black boxers underneath some Dr. Who sweatpants (Freaking love that show BTW) and a plain blue shirt. I am around 6 feet tall, and have pretty tan skin. Like I have said before I am not necessarily skinny or a big guy , but I like to go to the gym to make sure that I stay in shape. I also have brown hair and green eyes.

So it is 10:50 right now I am going to just take a quick run through the tutorial and familiarize myself with the controls and then we will get this thing going!

Alright! Here we go! Hope you all enjoy the story!

So it is 11:00 right now and I just finished my first 12 oz of water. I made sure to go before the challenge began. I also decided that I am going to not skip any of the cut scenes that there are in order to make things a little more interesting. This might have been a mistake, but I thought you all would like it haha. I've been playing the game for a few minutes now ant all of the muscle memory is kicking in, but I also think I feel the water starting to move through my. I definitely do not feel an urge yet, but I know this is gonna be a fun one, I do not give up though. I am gonna make it through the game no problem. I have about 13 minutes left until i need to drink more. I have found out that even though I know the controls I am still rusty. I keep messing up and keep making small mistakes.

It is now 11:30, and I just finished my second round of 12 oz. I can definitely feel the water starting to move down into my bladder. By no means is it a lot, but its starting to move through me. If I don't start playing real well soon I know that this is going to be a long night for me. I don't play video games too often, but I used to play them a lot, and I know that I should be picking up my old techniques and strategies soon enough. I just hope it is soon....

I just had the next 12 ounces and I feel all the water just sitting in my stomach waiting to move down. I am just felt a slight twinge in my bladder. If I were in public I probably wouldn't tell anyone about needing to go, but the need is still there. I just finished the second section of the game, and I know for sure it is going to be a long night. I haven't even gotten to any of the hard parts yet, and I am making mistakes. I need to be on top of my game (haha get it?) to make it through successfully. I am refilling my water bottle now and just seeing how much more I will have to drink and knowing how long I have to wait is killing me. But I'm definitely not giving up until the bitter end.

12:30 just passed and just finished another section of the game along with another 12 oz of water. It s all starting to move through my now. My kidneys are getting the message that I am putting down fluids and they are trying their best to compensate. I have a problem though. I really want a snack and I am seriously craving Takis. IF you don't know what they are, they are basically these spicy tortilla chips in a rolled up shape. I just know that if I have them I will need to drink more and at the rate things are going I am not sure if I can sacrifice that. My bladder is barely beginning to bulge out now and I definitely feel all of that water making its way down into my bladder.

Alright... It is 1:00 now and by bladder is definitely making itself heard. I have had a total of 60 oz now, and with just this much I am getting desperate. I know that I have at least another hour left so we will see how that goes. My bladder is pressing up against my waistband. I haven't leaked yet, and I intend to keep it that way for as long as I can. I will make it to the end of the game no matter how bad it gets. I won't give in. Here is the thing about the game though. It requires a lot of focus and a decent amount of precision. I am not quite deserter right now, but even just these twinges in my bladder are making it so hard to play the game and get through it. on a scale I would probably say I am at about a 6 out of 10. I can definitely make it for longer, but there is no doubt that I am feeling it.

DAMNIT I HAVE TO PEE!!!! I am not kidding when I say that literally all of the water that I have had has completely made its way to my bladder. I haven't Leaked yet, but I have come so close to just letting it all go. I JUST LEAKED!!!! I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD! I can't even remember how much longer I have in the game. I keep messing up and dying. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I am so close I think. I need to make it to the end soon or else I will piss myself. My bladder is stretched out so far now and all I can feel is my waistband jutting into it. I will make it to the end. I don't freaking give up that easily.

Right now it is 1:45 and I just had to set the controller down and grab myself because I started to full on wet myself. a bit got out and even though I am still bursting I feel a little bit better. I think I can make it.

Alright, It is 2:00 and I have definitely had enough to replace what I lost from almost wetting myself earlier. All the water is moving into my bladder so fast!!!! I am absolutely bursting! I have a constant dribble just slowly leaking out of me and it feels SOOOOOOOOOOOOO good. I cant even stop my legs from shaking. My bladder is just begging me to release the ocean of pee that it is holding in. I don't know how much longer I can make it! I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Oh My God! I am leaking everywhere! I have to keep pausing the game and grabbing my crotch to keep it all from coming out. I am so close to the end though, I can't give up now! My sweatpants are absolutely soaked. MY bladder is swollen and hard as a rock. My entire body is shaking, and I feel my muscles getting tired. I am so freaking close to the end and can't give up now! I have never done anything so intense. Whenever I go to grab the controller my hands immediately start shaking and it just causes me to make more and more mistakes. I keep falling and dying, and every respawn takes forever. Everything is taking forever. I don't know how much longer my body can hold on, but I will make it to the end of the game. I swear I am not going to just give up after getting so close.

I just almost wet myself again! I can't go much longer, and this new cut scene has been going on for like 5 minutes and I cannot take my hands away from my crotch. My bladder is too full and I can't stop it from coming out. Pee is just leaking everywhere, My sweats are completely done for and I won't even start on how soaked the towel I have underneath me is. I am a literal mess. I cant feel my legs and My bladder is throbbing, and just begging me to let itself have relief. I won't let it though. I am so close to the end. I only have about one more section and then I am done.

I just finished the game and now I have to finish the challenge by doing one thing. Making it through the credits. I promised myself I wouldn't skip any cut scenes and I intent to follow through. It helps a lot being able to hold myself without having to think about letting go. But being so close to the very end just makes it so much worse. I feel it coming. the whole ocean inside of me is literally just about to escape and flood my sweats. Credits done!

As I got up to run to the restroom I felt just a warm sensation all over my body. I couldn't hold it anymore. I was overfilled and I couldn't make it to the toilet. I felt a jet of pee rush out of me as my hands instinctively flew to my crotch. I was able to stem the flow... but barely. I Managed to hobble to the bathroom, while leaking more and more with every step. As soon as I saw the toilet I knew I wasn't going to make it all the way. I felt my bladder just give out and unleash a torrent of pee. I immediately hopped into the shower and felt sweet relief as I wet myself for about a minute.

I really hope that you all enjoy the story! I came up with this challenge myself after attempting something similar a while back. Let's just say that one didn't turn out so well. I'm thinking about writing about it sometime. But anyhow, I hope that you all enjoyed this story, and thank you all so much!

*003*2019-03-17 06:24

Hey! Thank you!!! I haven’t really measured but I can usually have about 80oz before completely bursting.

{{32 minutes ago, Wombat48 said:

Great account! How much can you hold?

}}

*004*2019-03-17 20:18

{{14 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Great account! How much can you hold?

}}

Hey! Thank you!!! I haven't really measured, but I typically can drink about 80 oz before bursting. I am doing a hold later tonight and Ill measure and let you know

