Indian friend desperation at church

Author: Ranganath

*000*2018-02-16 02:33

So, this happened about a year back with a friend of mine called Ankita. Ankita lived in Chennai and was from a very well off family. Anyway, on Easter, her aunt invited her to a mass at Santhome Cathedral. Santhome Cathedral is a very old Catholic church. Ankita is anything but religious, but she is very interested in history, so she said yes. She invited me along to the church with her as well and I came along gladly. We arrived at the church by 4:00 in the evening, only to find that the mass didn't begin till 5:00! We wandered around joblessly until Ankita's aunt offered to but us juice. In the stifling Chennai heat we both eagerly agreed.

By the time the Church service began, Ankita was wiggling her legs and looked uncomfortable beneath her sari. She was sweating and shaking her legs a lot. Her aunt gave her a chiding slap on her right knee and told her to sit still. Ankita bit her lip and trembled. She was trying very hard not to move but eventually her bladder won the battle and she was forced to resume rocking back and forth. Her face told me that she was in real trouble.

Less than half an hour into the service, Ankita couldn't hold it anymore. She raised her pinky to her aunt and bolted out of the church. I told her aunt that I'd see if she was okay and followed her suit. No sooner had I left the church, than I saw her banging frantically on the door of the outhouse behind the church. I approached her.

"Ankita,. Are you.... Are you Okay?"

Ankita looked at me tearfully while still trembling and yanking the door handle and shook her head,

"No.. No.... I.. I'm not."

At that exact moment Ankita looked down at the dusty Chennai dirt beneath her. Following her eyes I looked down too. At first I could see nothing, but then a rivulet of flowing liquid appeared running down her ankle onto the dirt. The rivulet turned into a torrent, drenching the dusty dirt beneath it, turning it into a dark brown mud. Ankita stood there, helpless, as she voided her bladder into her Sari and onto the sands of Chennai.

It was the most rain Chennai had gotten in years.

