This was depressing

Author: Mystic007

*000*2021-06-27 08:47

Ok, this was one of my worst omo-experience that I witnessed, despite being an omo. I clearly remember one time, 2 years ago when I was searching for a job, and I got hired in a... Wall street beta. I mean the one time I remember, i got in a summit with my colleagues, some other workers from similar companies, some """""""big"""""""" guys and I discovered that are all borderline insanity so much that I won't talk about it, it was just the festival of big promises. Anyway this summit was painfully long, I believe more than 5 hours due to some delays. I believe that only 4 of surely more than 100 people exited the room during all the summit, so I was feeling that something's not right. I mean, It was really difficult to hide my urge for me, but all the other were so fine that It seemed like I was the only that needed to go in 6 hours, then I discovered why I had a bad feeling about this.

One of the few women that exited, returned and it immediately catched up chief's attention, asking why she has exited the room. She said that she went to the bathroom, and chief said something like, I don't get it, why?? Don't tell me it means that you don't find all of this worth your interest? She replied, but sir, I needed to... Chief immediately interrupted her, enough talking, back to the seat, and ALSO U BACK TO THE SEAT, telling this to one of my colleagues, that it froze for a moment, then the chief repeat himself and he got back to his seat near me, in visible desperation. So the edgy son of a (FAMILY-FRIENDLY) that the chief was enjoying torturing us with full bladders, as like my bf likes to torture me in the same way. In fact, as soon as the summit finished, LITERALLY ALL THE PEOPLE rushed to the bathrooms, me included, for what I see unfortunately no accidents my god I believe that the bathroom with less queue has like 15 ladies.

I was taking so long to trying to get some relief that my tutor talked to me at some point, when I was still in queue, saying that, hey we don't have time, we are preparing. I was ABSOLUTELY angry with this choice, explaining how much I really needed to go, then he seemed to not care, giving me only 5 minutes, but 5 minutes timed by his clock. Then he arrived the colleague I mentioned before, that witnessed how much my tutor was an stupid and utterly (N WORD) 

He dragged me to the men's room. I was legitimately scared for some millisecond, not knowing his intention, then he said, trust me no one cares if you use men's room. Just do it quick. Then I timidly thank him, with so much to think at. I mean they did all of this for more than 100 people from men and ladies, young and old, black and white. Did I say before that those people are crazy?? The worst thing was my tutor was giving me only 5 minutes to go to the bathroom, while I had to wait in a queue that It will take the triple of time to wait. As an omo I didn't enjoyed this, for nothing.

*002*2021-06-27 22:27

I didn't enjoyed this for nothing despite (at the time) being on this kink for more than 4 years, and I think that I've got more mentally disturbed in this episode than that time that I peed myself BEFORE being into this sort of thing

