Stuck Zipper

Author: Carlow

*000*2017-07-29 22:45

Ahh... this one is a very tense one. Hope you enjoy :)

So I was at the mall and I had had a couple of drinks in the morning. While browsing through some clothes, I suddenly felt the urge to go, really bad. Unfortunately for me, I had to go all the way to the other side of the mall to get to the toilets. So I'm like ok, I'll walk on over. When I get to the toilet, I'm already super busting. I go inside and find a urinal. This was one of those trough style urinals, just a big long trench, no dividers. I would have gone into the stall if I could, but I was absolutely busting so I had no choice.

I step up to the urinal and unzip... except I didn't. My zipper was stuck.

At this point I'm super worried, but I try to keep calm so I just keep fiddling with it. I'm absolutely desperate and I have like 1 minute MAX before I wet myself. I keep fiddling, but it just won't come unstuck. I start to get super super worried.

At this point, another man comes in. Oh great. Now I have someone staring at me. In the next 10 seconds, 3 more men come in. Now at this point I'm extremely desperate and worried, hopelessly fiddling with the zipper hoping to get it unstuck. I was wearing tight trousers with a belt so that didn't help in the least. I keep going, and I feel my bladder pushing, I really need to go right now before I burst.

At this point I have an idea. I let go of my zipper and quickly undo my belt. Now, the top of the waistband of my trousers were a bit looser. I reach into my pants, but they feel too tight. Nevertheless, I keep going, and I feel for my dick. At that moment, I felt the stream starting, and I wasn't going to make it, but...

I quickly grab my dick, pull it out of my pants, and point it towards the sky. The head of my dick was strapped against the waistband of my pants. I leaned forward to aim it into the urinal.

I proceed to take an extremely long piss while the other guys just stand there staring at me my dick and my awkward posture.

