Journey home!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-11-07 17:20

Hello everyone! I see a lot of you have been enjoying these! You can see stuff under the same tag I'm using here for the previous!

A lot of you have asked about the whole jealous/platonic etc elements of how can I share a fetish and have it be non sexual, it just IS like that! I can't do much more to explain!

Anyway on to the final story of my weekend with HaD.

I woke up and had breakfast with HaD and his daughter. I had some water at this time and was drinking a fair amount. His wife and daughter were going swimming and wouldn't be back to see me off.

I was looking after things whilst HaD and his wife prepared stuff. I remember needing to go a fair amount when I let the dogs out, but I held on. I held on watching numerous kids programmes and such for a couple of hours before it was time to say goodbye to his wife and daughter. By that point I was quite desperate, and gave in, I went upstairs and afterwards for a while we just chatted until it was time to get going.

I felt a little twinge and wondered if I should go again before I left but I didn't. Again I felt it at the station and regretted not going, but if it got really bad id go on the train.

It was about an hour and a half into London and I was bursting, and had more time than before but was really worried as I had to make a specific train on the other side of london. I went quickly along and down as I needed to get the two tube trains, and thought if I see a bathroom I'll go.

There was a ladies toilet right opposite my entrance to the tube and after hesitating I darted towards the bathrooms only to find a slowly dwindling queue.

I said "f*ck it" under my breath and darted onto the tube. I had a one minute wait of pure bladder torture and managed to get on and get a seat which relieved some of the pressure. Then I got off at the next stop and walked quickly to my connection although my desperation was getting to the point where I couldn't hold it without a notable struggle.

I ran as much as I could up the escalators and stairs to the next part as I couldn't wait much longer.

On the second platform I barely had to wait 30 seconds and I had a seat again, but now I was showing serious concern and my heart was thumping. I was going to wet myself I was sure of it!

I got off the train and went as fast as I could, I was cross legged and bouncing to hold it on the escalators as i thought I was going to lose it, like it was right at the very edge!

I came out and saw ahead of me a glowing beacon where the toilets were. I raced across to it and you had to go down some stairs and pay 30p.

I stood at the top cross legged with all I had and fidgeting like mad barely able to control my breathing whilst I got 30p out. I couldn't wait one more minute, and I felt my bladder spasm, completely clench and go numb. I thought I was going to lose it but somehow I didn't! I ran down the stairs and to the barrier and paid, and rushed into a cubicle.

I had to hold myself and jump up and down whilst I locked the door and then I could finally go.

It was pure heavenly relief and I am so amazed I didn't even leak!!!

Thanks for reading

EQ

*006*2016-11-10 20:56

{{On 11/7/2016 at 9:01 PM, WetDave said:

Thanks for sharing these stories - they have been fascinating and I hope we will got more in the future.

I get the impression that you enjoy the sensation of being full more than actually wetting or even the risk of an accident - is this so?

}}

I'm sure you will get more! I enjoy both the sensation of being full, and I love seeing how far I can push it until I wet, I also like the panic of having a public accident, however I would have to plan for it, and I don't think I could do it on purpose on my own, so the rush of a real real close call was so amazing!

{{On 11/7/2016 at 10:45 PM, SofullItHurts said:

Another great story. Well done on not leaking you showed fantastic control and I bet you loved the relief after all that effort. Although your bladder did cost you thirty pence haha

}}

Haha, 30 pence well spent, I assure you. I can't believe I didn't leak, I've leaked from far less.

{{On 11/8/2016 at 5:15 PM, watchingherhold said:

I have read and thoroughly enjoyed your trip with its desperation. I am sure others would have waited eagerly for each instalment. The way you wrote it in instalments meant you could write more. I am glad you did your stories are always interesting and entertaining.

}}

I wrote it in installments, because I find that writing all in one go, I get a bit bored of it, or don't feel so inspired. I like to relive each desperate painstaking moment and put out quality content hahahah.

{{3 hours ago, wettingman said:

Great story. Even though you didn't wet the suspense of not knowing if you would make it or not, and the details of you struggle made an exciting read.

}}

I know, it would have been perfect if I had wet, wouldn't it? For everyone on here I mean, would not have been perfect to spend from then until about 6pm in soiled clothes!

{{2 hours ago, cwpee said:

Amazing story! I've always been intrigued with the possibilities of people being help up by pay toilets.

}}

Haha, it's happened before and it will happen again, I'm sure :P

