A latch key wetting

Author: rosie97

*000*2020-08-16 09:37

Hey!!

So it's been a while since I told a story and that's mostly because I haven't had anything happen to me that I thought was worth sharing, but last night I had an experience that I feel so many of us small bladder babes have had.

It had been a long time since I had seen my group of friends from university, so last night we all decided to meet up for drinks. The evening was excellent & aside from a couple of leaks from some very (un)funny jokes during dinner, things were going smoothly. Now, just to set the scene - I am an absolute liability once I've had a drink. No two ways about it, I am a lightweight and I am also prone to having an even weaker bladder than usual.

So, as the night wound down, we ordered taxis and began making our way home one by one.

Also, (side note) I'm wearing heels and a pair of skin tight leather trousers, so it's safe to say I don't have very much room for manoeuvre (this will be important later!!)

We make a (albeit slow) run for a taxi and it was at that moment I realised that my bladder was quite full and that I would need to pee very soon. As I kiss the bars toilets goodbye, we speed off in the taxi. I didn't want to alert my friends to my struggle, as they were all too busy talking about the night's happenings, so I sat in relative silence for the majority of the ride home.

Unfortunately, I was the last person to be dropped off, which meant I had to watch as all of my friends got out of the minibus one by one & ran inside (most likely to go for a wee themselves, as it isn't just me with issues holding their bladder!! ).

As we approach my stop, I'm practically sweating and bobbing from side to side in the taxi - I must've looked very helpless, as the taxi driver asked me if I needed the loo. I told him I was fine and as my friend and I got out of the taxi, I felt the first leak escape. It certainly wasn't noticeable on my leather pants, but it was enough to really soak my knickers and make me realise I was in the endgame.

My friend and I depart from one another and she gives me the BIGGEST hug, which yes, you've guessed it, caused me to leak more. I felt a torrent of wee make it's way across my bum and down into my heels - it truly was the endgame and I shook her off in sheer desperation, making a b-line for my flat.

I managed to make it to the front door without any leaks, but it was as if someone was taping me for a perfect latch key wetting as, in my drunken state I attempted to get my keys from out of my purse, the leaks began coming thick and fast. I heard the hiss faintly beneath my freshly soiled trousers and knew I had mere seconds to make it upstairs.

As I fired the door open, I kicked off my shoes (with a little sprinkle! ) and ran for my life! By the time I made it to the toilet, I was leaking quite furiously and couldn't for the life of me manage to pull off my leather trousers. I tried in vain, before realising that my efforts were futile and I should quit whilst I was still ahead. So, with that, I stood on my tiled bathroom floor and just released my full bladder into my knickers.

The feeling of joy was immeasurable and I truly felt as though a weight had been lifted from my shoulders (or maybe from my bladder!). I hopped in the shower, after peeling off my sodden leather pants and washed up before heading to bed where I now sit typing this, feeling very hot and heavy..

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed my little accident! Please, if anyone else has experienced this sort of wetting, I'd LOVE to hear about it in the replies.

Love,

Rosie x

*002*2020-08-16 11:09

{{18 minutes ago, Lesbianomogirl said:

Love it

}}

