Woman wets herself in bar

Author: CalamityPants

*000*2019-05-24 23:16

I was on a working holiday at a static caravan park. There was a bar/cabaret/nightclub on the site which I visited with clients and collogues. It was incredibly busy, barely chair or table available. As I moved through the crowd I happened to glance over to a slightly overweight, but pretty brunette in her 40s probably. She had just stood up from her busy table and turned around to reveal an enormous dark patch on her blue jeans. Starting in a semi-circle below her waist line and ending at the back of her knees while stretching across almost the entirety of her buttocks and the back of her thighs.

She must have suffered a catastrophic loss of bladder control sitting in the chair. Sadly, I couldn't survey the scene any further since I was with company. Soon after, I did manage to spot her making her way to ladies with a friend following close behind. Much later I noticed she had returned to her table wearing completely different jeans, very dark blue. I imagine her friend walked over to the caravan they were staying in and got her a change of clothes while she waited in the privacy of the bathroom. Facing her table for the first time since having her accident, she had an embarrassed smile on her face and looked incredibly cute.

For rest of night I continued to occasionally glance over to their table, I saw her laughing hysterically, clearly getting drunk and making out with her bf/husband. I imagined that the cause of her accident was laughing too hard. I speculated whether she staged it on purpose.

*002*2019-05-25 17:47

I'm going out drinking tonight actually.

I hope I don't wet my pants.

*005*2019-06-02 00:35

{{On 5/28/2019 at 8:15 PM, nappypants said:

I wonder if she had another accident later in the evening...  

}}

That would be epic!

{{On 5/30/2019 at 6:36 PM, Lukhas said:

One time I was in bar/restaurant where it was only "universal bathrooms" for both women and men. It was only cabins there, not urinals. There were over 10 cabins there and every cabins has possibility to lock it.

So I took one of them and peed there and heard how one girl took telefon and called to her friend.

- can you take me some jeans and socks to bar?

- what could happened if I need new jeans... I peed myself

It was what I could hear. When I went from my cabin I took a look to the doors of her cabin. There was a little wet floor so she almost made it but in front of her cabin she peed herself. I was sitting with my friend on the other side in bar so I could not see how her friend came with a new jeans for her.  

}}

Nice story, Nice the way you could see the puddle she made on the floor.

I wish I had seen the cleanup for my sighting, she looked wet enough to need a mop!

