Legitimate pee accident the other day

Author: Driipdrip

*000*2020-08-09 21:40

I always wake up having to pee. Some mornings it's worse than others, but the other day I didn't realize how full I was until it happened.

I felt the usual "have to peeeeee" feeling while trying to get dressed but I couldn't just run across the house in my underwear since I am living with family until the end of the month. So I squeezed my legs together to hold it. The urge got worse. I clamped my hand on my crotch and thankfully it subsided.

Until I moved my hand away! Another urge came on out of nowhere and I lost a leak, despite how hard I was squeezing my sphincter muscles. So it splashed a bit on the floor. Then I decided that, before going pee (since that leak helped a bit), I'd quickly throw some shorts on and go outside for a smoke.

I put my lighter and bong on the deck table (weed is legal in my country and I'm an adult lol) and was just about to open my grinder when another strong urge came on. I stood up to run inside but it was too late.

Even though I was squeezing my hardest, I couldn't control the squirts of pee that had escaped. I realized that I had lost it, that I was wetting my pants. Not wanting to leave an obvious puddle on the deck, I hopped down to finish my accident in the grass. Pee ran down my legs, all over my feet and flipflops, and splashed really loudly when it hit the ground. It wasn't even that long of a pee, but my bladder just couldn't handle that, apparently.

My heart was beating so fast. I'm 24 fricken years old and I had a real pee accident when I didn't intend to. I went back inside, dashed to my room and changed underwear and pants. The warm dryness of clean shorts only reminded me further of what I had done all over the deck and the ground.

I cleaned up the pee drops on my bedroom floor with the dry part of my shorts, and just threw everything into the washing machine. At least nobody else knew!

*006*2020-08-12 07:08

{{On 8/9/2020 at 5:07 PM, rachelkirwan said:

Right there with you girl, pot makes me wet the bed and get goofy!

}}

Thankfully it doesn't make me pee my bed! But I do get goofy as hell

{{On 8/10/2020 at 12:19 PM, moiamigo said:

Have you told your BF? Could be a good way to gauge his reaction?

}}

I'm no longer dating the guy from my post about telling him. Never did tell him, I decided I wanted to keep it a fun and naughty secret to myself.

