Things I see at work

Author: desperatenicki

*000*2021-07-03 08:31

I work as a phlebotomist in a hospital so I often see patients wetting themselves and wearing diapers. It’s part of the job and usually it doesn’t phase me at all. Today I was working in the ER. It was a super crazy night and the place was packed. Full moon things. I took a requisition from the top of the stack and went to the waiting room to call the patient in for bloodwork and urine samples. A dark haired man, early thirties, stands up and looks at me. Right away I notice his posture. He’s standing with his legs crossed and slightly bent. He’s wearing light beige khaki shorts and white sneakers.

“Please follow me to the lab for bloodwork,” I said and he followed me through the doors into the lab area. I motioned to the chair for him to sit down. “Have a seat,” I said quickly, sitting down at the computer and entering the requisition. The label printed, I asked him to verify his name and date of birth, donned my gloves and started looking at his arms for a good vein.

I couldn’t help but notice that he couldn’t sit still. He was swinging his legs back and forth in the chair and twisting his hips side to side. I didn’t comment on it, instead trying to make small talk, but it seemed like he was too preoccupied to engage, giving one-word answers to my questions. I looked at his other arm for a vein and found a juicy one. Just as I was about to stick the needle in, he asked breathlessly, “Can I use the bathroom?” He was looking longingly at the washroom right across from the lab, not 30 ft away. This excited me a little, but of course I acted professional.

“Can you wait until I’m done taking your blood? It’ll only take a minute. And we need a urine sample anyways, so I’ll give you a cup after.” I said, retying the tourniquet. I didn’t give him much of a choice, but he could’ve stopped me and gotten up if he’d really wanted to. Instead he said “Okay,” and gave a little moan, continuing his restless squirming.

“Okay, little pinch here,” I said, inserting the needle into his vein. As I started filling the tubes, his wriggling intensified. Out of the corner of my eye I saw him grab his crotch with his free hand. He was moving so much that the needle was in danger of slipping out of his arm.

“Try to sit still, I’m almost done here,” I said calmly and he relaxed his arm a little, but not his grip on his crotch or his bouncing. He groaned as I pulled the needle out and told him to press on the cotton ball. This meant that he had to pull his other hand from his aching member. He did so for about two seconds, before his hand flew back to his pants. I wondered if he had leaked. I smirked inside the privacy of my mask.

“You okay?” I asked, eyeing his kicking legs and the gripping hand on his dick that he was making no attempts to hide.

“M-hm,” he lied.

I would’ve loved to be mean and keep him in the chair as long as possible, but I didn’t have a good reason to, and I had other patients I had to get to. So I handed him the urine container, going through the instructions on how to collect a midstream sample.

He was on his feet and dancing around in front of me as I explained. Before I was even done, he was running to the bathroom. I watched the door slam and heard a powerful stream hitting the toilet.

I turned around and disinfected the chair, finished labelling the samples, and grabbed the next req on the pile. I was about to go find the next patient, when the bathroom door opened and I heard a voice calling, “Excuse me?”

I turned and saw the man in the doorway, holding his urine cup out to me. What really drew my attention though, was the front of his pants. They were soaked. The light beige was dark brown halfway down his thighs. He caught me looking and blushed.

“I didn’t quite make it, sorry,” he said awkwardly.

“Don’t worry about it,” I said, taking his urine sample from him. “Do you want a gown to change into so you don’t have to go back to the waiting room with wet pants?”

“That would be great, thanks.”

I went to the storage room and grabbed a clean gown. I eyed the diapers on the shelf and briefly (no pun intended) wondered if I should bring him one.

He thanked me for the gown and went back into the bathroom to change. When he walked back to the waiting room I saw he was still wearing his underwear under the gown. Black boxer briefs. They must be wet, I thought.

