JR HIGH BAND

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2018-08-17 02:09

It was marching band practice. It was November and cold. I really really had to go. We were practicing for a contest the next Saturday. We just couldn't get our routine right. We'd play it right, but mess up marching; or, we'd march perfectly and screw up our playing. The director would not let us go. It was late afternoon – three o'clock, four o'clock, fine o'clock – and we were still at it. I was absolutely hurting. I was past worrying about teetering my pants; now I was worried about injuring my bladder or kidneys. Thankfully, it was dark by then and the field light back then weren't that bright. So I decided to just let go. Funny thing, it was nearly impossible to start in my pants. I guess potty training had made its mark.

Finally, I gave up and just kept marching. That's when I teeteed. Instantly my crotch and inner thighs grew warm. I couldn't believe it: It actually felt good. It ran down my legs and filled my shoes and just kept coming. The relief was ecstatic. Then I realized that my uniform pants were steaming in the cold air, and people were snickering and pointing. My face burned with embarrassment. We marched another half hour. My crotch and legs were absolutely red raw. Funny thing is, despite the embarrassment, I liked it; then next week I did it again, though with more control, and a little at a time. I probably teeteed that band uniform a dozen times that year. Thankfully the pants were black polyester.

