Sarah's Diaries : A New beginning

Author: jasonpa

*000*2018-03-16 23:38

Once again I have not posted for several months; where do I start?

Well a lot has changed, mostly for the better I may add. For a start my relationship with Sarah is now on a much firmer footing.

We are now (most of the time) a happy family, both of us agreeing to be more honest and open with each other. On my part I have admitted to being excited by her accidents, I have even admitted to publishing some of them online.

She is tolerant of this and so for the first time I am writing with Sarah's consent. She has no interest in reading them and we have agreed some ground rules.

Anonymity (though Sarah is her real name)

No photographs though she will accept the one photo of her I have posted previously with her face blurred (attached again for reference).

No mention of where we live

The boys names are not used.

In return I have promised to be sympathetic and help whenever possible; this I have always tried to do, she is my wife I love her and yes her accidents excite me but I never want to see Sarah humiliated or upset. Sarah has promised to be more open about her mishaps (I am not sure she has kept this part of the bargain though).

For those who are not familiar with Sarah (See Sarah's Diaries). In summary she is my wife of 14 years and mother of our two sons aged 10 and 8. She is a slim, attractive red head. Th attached photo is now 4 years old but her shape and features remain unaltered.

Sarah she has always had bladder issues, from leaving it to late and getting caught short, to dribbling slightly over time and having to change. So as you can imagine over the years there have been more than a handful of incidents.

So enough of the introduction, justifications and explanations and more about my gorgeous Sarah's accidents. This year alone I have found dozens of soaked knickers in the laundry, damp jeans and the odd stained skirt. I have also seen Sarah noticeably wet 3 or 4 times and have witnessed a full blown flood. In addition to this I have also seen her squat twice outdoors when needing to go with very little warning.

I will recall one incident in this post, it happened on Saturday morning February 17th.

Sarah was downstairs hoovering I was in the en-site cleaning out the shower (I am now a new man who helps with the housework). Sarah was still in her grey pyjamas when she walked in. I thought she was about to use the toilet but instead for a few seconds she just stood there. When I looked up she had her back to me but it was obvious she was far to late, her bottoms were soaked right up the back and in patches down both legs. She began to peel off her pyjamas.

I asked if she was OK, she gave me some comment like “Do I bloody look it” before apologising and saying that she was caught short doing the housework, the pushing and pulling of the hoover had been enough for her to start to pee. She admitted needing the toilet but thought she could wait until she had finished. I was going to make a comment but bit my tongue.

I watched as she pulled off her soiled black panties revealing her untrimmed (winter plumage) pubic area. I asked if there was anything I could do before leaving; allowing her to clean up.

I went downstairs to find a damp patch on the carpet about a foot across. I cleaned the carpet and no more was said about the incident.

$$

