Another hold for my fiancee

Author: IHTPP

*000*2020-10-30 03:35

While i'm enjoying my own hold, my fiancee did another exciting hold for me a couple nights ago and I wanted to write about it.

We went to a expensive sit down restaurant about an hour away, up in the city. He told me he wanted to do stuff tonight, so I said what he had in mind. He wanted to try another hold for himself, and I definitely agreed. The resteraunt was german themed, so they had a lot of alcohol which my fiancee loves, he got one of those sampler trays with 4 different beer steins on it going from darkest to lightest. He also was drinking water.

"I'm going to make this one super good for you, so i may bust early but I really want to go for my best." He said quietly. I giggled because he was really enjoying his new found fetish. We enjoyed our meal, him drinking all 4 throughout it and we sat and talked. He order a liter beer which I was amazed he was still drinking comfortably.

"This is gonna be a good one for sure." He said drinking the pint. "I'm gonna probably be very drunk after this one haha." He said. We paid our bill and he stumbled out to the car with me, I hadn't drank at all other than a couple cokes with my meal. He sat in the passenger seat and grabbed his bulge "That last beer hasn't even hit my bladder, oh my... " He said groggily. To my amazement, he passed out in the seat about 10 minutes in. I drove and 30 minutes passed, and all i see is his leg twitching in his sleep. Thats when his hand shot down to his crotch, and he groaned in pain.

"it's gonna bust babe, I... I can't- oh my god." He said now completely sober. "We are about 15 minutes from home, just keep it in. He squirmed and I could tell it was taking incredible strength. We finally pulled into the driveway. He was breathing heavily, grunting with every movement. I helped him hobble into the house. And then I told him to undress in front of me and try to hold back the flood. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his belly. Undid his belt, and unbuttoned his jeans immediately popping open from the pressure of his bladder. He revealed his boxer briefs, a few spots already had escaped. He could barely stand still.

Pulling his briefs down revealed his throbbing penis, holding back Niagara falls at this point. It kept bouncing as he tried to hold it back. "I... can- can't hold it." He said grabbing his head trying to prevent it from busting out. He winced and thats when I saw the stream explode from his hand, he relaxed and it turned into a pressure hose as he moaned. It splattered all over the hardwood, he was getting so much relief after holding back so much. He kept pissing for minutes.

