Super desperate situation

Author: IHTPP

*000*2021-10-10 04:18

Had a job thing today where I was going door to door, which meant no moment to really relieve myself. My bladder didn’t really hit me until after lunch. I left the restaurant needing to pee but just said I could hold onto it. Forgetting I had just had 2 beers.

We walked for 30 minutes and my bladder had swelled at least double since leaving the restaurant. The alcohol mixed with all the water I drank due to it being hot was rushing through me. After 2 hours I begged my manager to let me go pee behind a tree but since we were in work gear he didn’t allow it and said we’d wrap up in a bit and head to let me go.

End up stuck with a possible customer all while was basically literally about to piss all over myself. I was so beyond full, i was beyond pain too. This interaction spanned 30 minutes until I messaged my manager I was ready to explode and I need to go now! We wrap up and every step was painful. I’ve never been so filled in public it hurt.

I got in my car and unbuttoned my shorts, I was slowly dripping uncontrollably but I had my muscles strained due to being with my manager. Got to a gas station and we got to the bathroom. He took the urinal and I ran into the stall thanking myself for pre unbuttoning since I threw my shorts down and exploded. I pissed for 2 minutes, so long that my manager told me it definitely sounded like an emergency. I wish to be able to get that at home one day so I can see just how much was actually in me.

