The beginning of my bladder problems

Author: Markthekingof2

*000*2020-10-28 17:33

So there's a little omutsu in here, but it's mostly wetting of the involuntary kind. So anyway, a few years back I started having bladder problems. I eventually got a lot better, but not perfect as I still have occasional issues. When it first started, it came as sort of a pleasant surprise because I was already into omo and omutsu omo. But then it got worse, and worse until I eventually stopped enjoying it and got tired of buying diapers every week. The first time I wet the bed I smirked and thought "hmm...okay that's interesting." Then it happened again a few nights later. Then again, and it must of been when it was like four times in one week when I thought "uhh...okay what's going on here." I was living with a woman who was easily the best friend I ever had. Her name was Kelsey. She started noticing a pee smell in my room, and noticed that I kept washing sheets.

At first I wasn't sure why she decided to but she confronted me about it. Compassionately and with the utmost sensitivity. Later I learned that she went through a period of wetting the bed, so she wanted to be there for me. I remember her asking, "Hey, Mark? Have you been wetting the bed? I won't tell anyone." I said yes and she told me it was okay and not to be embarrassed and that it happens sometimes (this might be the beginning of what started my biggest fantasy. I couldn't enjoy it at the time because it was involuntary and super embarrassing. See my '"Decline into incontinence' fantasy" if your interested in reading about my fantasy).

I eventually opted to buy diapers to deal with my bedwetting, but I was too embarrassed to buy them myself. Since she already knew about my problem, I decided to ask Kelsey if she would go to the store and pick them up for me. I told her I'd give her money, but her motherly side took over. I remember her words exactly "Don't worry, buddy. I'll get them for you." I remember looking at the floor super embarrassed to be asking this of someone who was (at the time) like a big sister to me. She put her hand on my shoulder, and brought me in for a hug. I eventually fell in love with her. Probably because of how well she took care of me in my worst times, and how supportive and understanding she always was.

So then a little bit later, I started having day issues. It first started as like a sudden desperation. I first started noticing it when one time I was driving home, and I suddenly really needed to go without any warning. I barely made it home. Then, it was like every time I felt the need to pee, it expressed itself as sudden desperation. It started to get worse until one time, I was with Kelsey in my car (she was driving for some reason. I think I was too tired to drive) and suddenly I really needed to go. She noticed when I fidgeted and groaned. "You, okay?" I told her I needed to go to the bathroom. She said we could stop at a gas station that was coming up soon.

It was too late. I couldn't hold it, and completely wet my pants. When we got to the gas station she parked, and I didn't move. I remember her saying something like "okay here you go." And I said "let's just go home." She said "I though you had to – " She must have saw I was wet or realized the obvious. Not sure but she paused and said "Oh." She pulled out of the parking lot and we drove home in silence. When we got home she consoled me and said "Hey any time we're driving and you need to go, you can tell me. I don't mind stopping. You don't have to wait until you pee yourself." She laughed at that last part. I didn't. She apologized for laughing, but I was too focused on the what the hell was going on question. I felt bad because she was only trying to lighten the mood.

There's a lot of stories like this that led to my decision to wear diapers full time for awhile. When I first started wearing them, I remember sitting watching TV with Kelsey, and I had the urge to go really bad, but at this point I couldn't hold it at all. Almost as soon as I felt the urge, I would practically already be going in my pants. I remember we were watching How It's Made or something like that on the history channel. Now for awhile, when I had an accident it was pretty obvious to Kelsey. She knew the signs because it had already happened so much around her. I would squirm a bit and grunt a little. Wouldn't you? It came on so sudden it was a shock. Eventually I was able to hide it better. But this time when we were watching tv together, her reaction really stuck with me. When I finished peeing, I got up and said, "I'll be right back."

"Did you wet yourself?" she asked. I sheepishly nodded. She compassionately smiled and said "That's okay." For some reason this stuck with me, and I even worked it into one of my stories.

Anyway, I have a lot more stories about wetting myself, and a few about her that she told me about it to make me feel better. Thanks for reading!

