24 Hour Toliet Ban

Author: melontakeout

*000*2018-07-10 00:41

I’m alone for a couple days this week so I decided to do a 24 hour toilet ban to really push myself! I’ve never been as full as I was today but I wanted to hold it for as long as possible.

I woke up around 8 am with a small urge. Normally I would have used the bathroom but I ignored my need. I pulled on some cotton shorts and a sweatshirt and I went about the house doing some housework and computer stuff. By 3 pm I had drank a couple glasses and I was shifting in my office chair, at about an 8/10. I tried to start a holding challenge but I didn’t make it very far before deciding I should pace myself. About 20 minutes later, I was pacing around my room in an attempt to hold it in. My waistband felt tight against my bulging bladder, and I couldn’t sit still. Another 5 minutes passed and I had leaked, just barely, as I sat in my chair. I was getting so desperate my legs kept fanning. I laid down and all I could think about is how bad I had to piss.

I stood up to try to get comfortable and my bladder convulsed, it was so full it was cramping. I wiggled, trying to hold everything in but it just kept leaking out. The first leak was 2 seconds. It felt so good to let a little out, I wanted to let out more but I held on tight. The second leak was 5 seconds. I bit my lip, stomping my feet and gripping at my shorts in an attempt to keep it in. The next leak was 10 seconds, and my bladder felt a sharp pang. I tried to relax to let it out but my body was too set on holding. I squirmed and tried to get comfortable to let everything release, but my body would only let out small leaks involuntarily.

For the first time in my life I couldn’t control my bladder. I sat back in my chair, frustrated that I could let everything out and decided to try holding again. Every time I leaked and thought my bladder felt semi empty, it would fill again. I stood up again and the dam absolutely broke. I rushed to the bathroom to wet on the tiled floor, leaking the entire way. I couldn’t stop it, even if I wanted to. (But I didn’t want to, it felt so good to let go) I stood in front of the toilet, wetting myself and soaking my shorts. It felt amazing, but my body stopped about half way through and I stopped peeing, again. Right now I’m sitting in my wet shorts waiting for them to dry, my bladder still pretty full. I’m sipping water so I can get desperate again. Only another 12 hours or so until I can use the toilet again, but until then I’ll stay in these wet shorts as punishment for wetting myself.

