An interesting night

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2017-08-15 05:16

So it's safe to say most of my friends are alcoholics. And this leads to a variety of things but mainly a call at 4 in the morning asking for a ride.... anyways in case you didn't see the caption this is a male wetting story so for those of you who don't like that have a good day.

A friend was having his 23 bday party at his house so about 8 of us were went just to have a good time. So we get there around 10 and about 6 or 7 people were already there and things go smoothly for first 25 minutes when one of the DD had to go. (I drove one car and my friend drove the other because I don't fuck with drinking and driving). This was a problem because that left 7 of us with a 5 person car.. I wasn't going to worry about it too much and decided to have some fun. So we go crazy for until 3 in the morning everyone is piss drunk and I got 6 guys to take home... luckily a few of them stayed at the house to sleep it off and it was just me, my roomate Gonzo, one of the girls at the party and my friend Alex. So I'm driving back on base and Im about 15 min away from barracks when I hear a sound. A hissing sound. And I pull over and take a look behind me. See I take the blame for this. 

They were all piss drunk and I didn't tell them to take a piss before we left. Needless to say all three of them were passed out and my roomate just pissed himself full force in my car. I wasn't happy to say the least but I was like screw it. He's got a girl let's not ruin this for him. So I so kindly poured a bottle of water on him to wake him up when we got to the barracks. Alex decided to go to his room and the girl my roomate brought with went with us to the room. I told him what happened he said thanks for the cover and I went to Alex room to crash and give him some space. My roomate never has a girl in the room past noon but I waited until 3 pm just to be safe to go back and shower. I get in there not only did he still have her in the room but he peed the bed with her in it and I woke them up by walking in. Let's say she was gone before I was out of the shower and he hasn't heard from her since.

Anyways hope yall enjoyed the story

