Wet myself on the ferry

Author: orbgon

*000*2017-03-05 13:56

I had my first genuine accident in quite some time on Saturday. I didn't enjoy it - I'm hypocritical in that I'm much more into accidents than deliberate wettings but absolutely hate my own accidents and react pretty badly to them, and I've never deliberately wet myself in public because I'm too embarrassed. I hope you enjoy it though!

So I went for a day trip to a neighbouring country by ferry to enjoy the snow and do some mountain activities. Since I spent most of the day on the mountain I was wearing boots, grey jeans (not very dark), 3 layers of clothing and a jacket. I never use public toilets when abroad unless they are unisex because I'm too scared of how people might act. Usually I hold it in until I'm at the hotel but since this was a day trip, there was no hotel this time. I was on a tour with a coach so I planned to use the bathroom on the coach, but it turned out it didn't have one. So I knew I was going to be in for a few rough hours in the evening until I boarded the ferry back home (most people sleep on the ferry so if worst comes to worst I could dare use the toilets there because they'd likely be empty).

Anyway, had a really fun day, and by the time the coach was on the way back to the port I had to go quite a bit. Not quite desperate but bothersome and - since I'm into omorashi - also enjoyable. So when we got to the ferry I decided I would hold it for the 2 hour trip and go at home. What I forgot was that although I hadn't had a lot to drink during the day since I left my bottle of water in the coach, I had had quite a bit at dinner and it was all making its way to my bladder.

So there I am, next to the window seat getting very desperate very quickly. At this point I was in pain and wasn't enjoying it anymore. I would have gone to pee but the man sitting next to me was a stranger and he was asleep after a tiring day. Ever shy, I was too embarrassed to wake him up just so I could go to the toilet so I just held it (at least for a while ). It was quite hot on the ferry so I took of my jacket and one layer of clothing to allow more room for the rest of my clothing and hopefully ease the pressure on my stomach/bladder region. Again, too embarrassed to undo my zipper or belt. I was squirming in my seat with one hand in my crotch, taking it away whenever someone passed (thankfully not often).

I was scared that I wouldn't make it and started panicking and that never helps. The man next to me slept for the entire trip and it started dribbling out when there were about 30 minutes left. I didn't know what to do so I stayed in the same position except my heart was beating a million times faster. Just a couple of minutes later I couldn't hold it any longer and full on peed myself, panties, jeans, socks, boots and all. Most of it ended up in my boots so not much made it on the carpeted floor (if at all) and there was a dark spot on my jeans which was visible but not so much in the darkness. The tears came as soon as I realised I couldn't stop because I hadn't had a public unintentional accident in years but luckily I cried silently and the man next to me slept on, oblivious to what the girl next to him had just done. 

I used some tissues to dry my face and also the tiny puddle on the chair as best I could then just hid beneath my jacket. When we arrived I sat as long as I could, acting as though I was waiting for the rest of the queue to get off first. Eventually I had to wear my jacket because it was almost midnight so I tried to disguise my wet jeans using shopping bags and hoped no one would notice the dark spot in the darkness of the night. Luckily there was no customs or security to go through (which is stupid to be fair) so I just had to walk straight out as fast as I can to find my mum's car, who was picking me up. She knows the struggles I face and was sympathetic but it didn't make me feel much better about having wet myself. I can only be a bit excited about it now that's it over.

