Roommate and I were desperate

Author: desperatenicki

*000*2018-03-29 11:49

*sorry I've been MIA for a while, I've been busy with school and work and watching people pee haha*

Yesterday I went to the beach with my roommate. We dated for several months last year (and mutually broke up on good terms) so I'm still sort of low-key attracted to her (physically at least). I've also told her a little bit about my pee kink but not the full extent...so she doesn't know exactly how much it turns me on when she needs to pee.. We'll call her "Annie" for this story. I got home from work around 4pm and she got home at 5:30pm. We packed a blanket, some snacks, and a couple beers, and headed to the beach. I noticed she didn't pee beforehand. Neither did I because I'd peed at work an hour before heading home. We stopped at Starbucks on the way and each got a venti iced coffee. Then we walked down to the beach and laid out our blanket on the sand and ate our snacks, drank beer, and watched the sun set.

It was a nice day and we pulled out our cameras and took sexy pictures of the sunset, the beach, and each other. Around 7:55 it got really cold and windy so we decided to go back home. I had noticed her shifting around on the blanket for the past half hour and suspected she needed to pee. There were no bathrooms near here and the bus stop was a 20 minute walk away. I also needed to pee pretty bad-I've actually had to go since we left our house- so I said, "I have to pee" and to my surprise she said, "Me too, I've had to go since we left the house and that coffee made it worse."

I said, "Yeah I know, do you think you can hold it till we get home?" And she said, "Yeah probably."

But a series of unfortunate events happened that made the journey home interesting and made me so so horny.

We walked the 20 minutes to the bus stop and in that time I got really fucking desperate, like from a 6 to at least an 8, maybe even 9. The whole time we were walking Annie said things like "I have to pee so bad!" and "Omg I hope there's a bathroom by the bus stop because I can't hold it much longer." There were several small cafe's by the bus stop that we tried but they were all closed. Of course during that time we missed the bus. So we had to wait 20 minutes for the next one. Annie groaned and sat down on the bench, twisting back and forth. "It helps to sit right on your urethra," she said and I did the same.

When the bus came and we had to stand up she immediately crossed her legs and hobbled on. We sat all the way in the back so no one could see us holding ourselves. Of course today there was construction going on and the bus had to take a 10 minute detour. Annie and I were bouncing up and down on the seats. "Omg I have to go so bad, I'm about to piss my pants," she kept whispering to me and I suggested: "Let some out, the seat cushion might absorb most of it." But she said: "No I can't, if I do that I'm not gonna be able to stop and will completely piss myself."

Finally we made it to our stop without incident. But it was still a ways from our house. "Want to go to McDonalds? Or wait till we get home?" She asked and I replied: "I don't know if I can make it home." She said: "Me neither lol" and we went to McDonalds. Unfortunately it was after 9pm and the store was already closed. So we walked down the street to Starbucks but unfortunately it was also closed.

"Fuck," I said. "Do you think you can hold it till we get home?"

"I honestly don't know," she said, as we walked back to the bus stop. "There's a chance I might piss myself. Promise you won't laugh if I do."

I promised and we waited another 10 minutes for the bus, squirming around on the cold seats. On the bus I honestly thought I might have an accident and was clenching all my muscles as hard as I could. We were both bouncing up and down and people were looking at us and I was really turned on. At our stop Annie ran out of the bus and down the street and I had to run to catch up with her, in which time I spurted into my panties.

"Annie wait up!" I yelled and she slowed down. "Sorry, I just have to pee so fucking bad!" She said but I knew she couldn't get in the house anyways because I had the key. Every step was agony. I spurted many times during the 10 minute walk and it was visible on my jeans. When we finally got to the door Annie was dancing around like crazy. "Open the door fast! I can't hold it!" She kept yelling and while I fumbled with my keys, legs crossed, she turned to me. "Omg you peed yourself already!" She said, pointing at the wet spot the size of a grapefruit on the front of my jeans.

"Yeah a little bit," I admitted, slightly embarrassed, but also aroused because she was literally jumping up and down in front of me trying to hold her pee in.

I unlocked the door and we both ran to the bathroom. "Please can I go first," I said, and she reluctantly agreed because my pants were already visibly wet. We only had one bathroom in our apartment. So I took my sweet time. I trickled into my panties trying to get them off and just ended up pissing straight through them and onto the toilet seat in the process. Annie was yelling at me to hurry, saying: "Please, I'm about to pee myself for real!!" So I took my time wiping off the toilet seat, pulling my damp pants up and washing my hands. 

When I opened the door, Annie was standing legs crossed, bobbing up and down and whimpering. I delayed her by asking: "how bad do you have to go?" to which she answered: "really fucking bad, please let me in!" So I let her in, but the whole time I was watching her legs and crotch and noticed that when she uncrossed her legs the material of her light blue jeans turned a little darker. She slammed the door and I stood there listening to the torrent of hot piss erupting out of her and spraying into the toilet.

She came out and I noticed the wet patch was now about the size of a golf ball and there were narrow streaks a couple inches down her legs. "Damn that was a close call! That's probably the happiest I've ever been to pee!" She said, laughing.

After that she said she'd never have a venti coffee without peeing first, but I really hope that's not true. Although she has a pretty strong bladder, so this only happens very rarely which I'm pretty sad about. But we're going on a road trip in a month, which will be an 8 hour car ride each way so I'm hoping she might have to go then.. ;)

