Soaking light blue boxer briefs

Author: NotDusty

*000*2020-05-25 18:32

Hi all,

I recently did one of my biggest ever wettings and thought that you may be interested in the resulting photos. The choice of underwear was inspired by a topic I raised elsewhere, hope it fits the bill!

The first photo is how my stomach normally looks, prior to the hold (I hadn't yet changed underwear).

The second photo is of me full around three hours later, about 10 minutes before I wet myself.

The third and fourth photos are the aftermath of my wetting, whereby I peed through my boxers while sitting on the toilet (hence the slightly odd pattern). The hold was very long and drawn out, with ALOT of sustained spurting over the final few minutes.

If anyone would like any further details about the hold, please do ask

*002*2020-05-25 21:33

{{1 hour ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Wow! What was your favourite part of the whole thing?

}}

My favourite bit was the last ten minutes (just after the bulge photo) or so which was pretty intense.

I was standing in my room with my legs as far apart as I could and was sort of thrusting my pelvis forward so as to put as much stress on my muscles as possible. After a few minutes I did several short involuntary spurts onto my towel within a few seconds of one another and I moved to the bathtub and stood in the same pose, legs spread wide apart, hips thrust forward.

I set a five minute timer and squeezed hard on my bladder rythmically trying to force loss of control. My whole body was quivering with effort as I was relying solely on tired muscles to prevent the final flood. Several five (ish) second spurts escaped but I kept trying to hold and actually managed to beat the timer! As a reward I squatted over the toilet and peed through my boxers, totally drenching them in the process as you can see.

