Of Bus Trips And Desperate Girls

Author: nakasette

*000*2010-10-22 04:00

Being in the marching band in high school, for those of you that never did it, is quite an experience. The main reason being that this involves going to all the foot ball games whether you want to or not, which usually calls for long bus trips that take several hours to complete. Now then, the seen is set for you here, the air is full of sound of children running around, adults getting way to into a game, so much so that rival school parents are almost getting into it, it's a typical football friday night. this particular game was so intense, students in the band couldn't even go to the bathrooms without a chaperon, and a chaperon can only handle so many at a time.

So, little by little, chaperons would take an anxious group of people to the bathroom and return only to have to take more. By the time the game ended with a close victory that set the already bursting tension meter of the parents and students over the edge, going to the bathroom accompanied or not was no longer an option. I still remember the band director telling people, "No! it's a mad house in there, we can't let anyone back in!" she was the over cautious type anyway, and wasn't taking any chances. So with that the students desperate and not boarded the bus. Thus begins the tragic recollection of the four hours that transpired on our way home.

Hour 1

You could see the peoples desperation slowly starting to creep in as the hope of making it to a toilet started to wane. i just happened to be in a seat across from a lovely pair of majorettes, (you know, the closest thing to a cheerleader with a baton instead of pom poms.) and from the looks of it, both of them were nearly breaking there neck for a pee. One was a taller girl, very slim and had a face that could have been on any magazine cover, short hair and eyes that just took you if you looked at them too long, her name was Amber. The other one, Ashley, was average height, with a very trim body as well, but with more accentuated curves. They really were quite a pair, as Ashely held herself between her tightly crossed legs, and Amber steeled herself looking out the window, you wouldn't now she was desperate were it not for her occasional mumbling and nervously tapping fingers.

Hours 2 and 3

People that were desperate at the game were now completely losing it. those poor few that never got a chaperon to take them to the restroom. Ashley and Amber where among the aforementioned, and the signs began to show greater for them. Ashley was now almost bouncing out of her seat, meanwhile Amber tried to console her, "you can hold it, just a little longer!" to which Ashley said, "ohhh i gotta go so bad! why did they have to fight over a stupid game?!"

"just try and keep still, your boobs are almost popping out!" Amber whispered angrily. Up to this point i had reserved my observations to passing glances, now it was all i could do to look away every now and then. Amber had on a tight t-shirt that couldn't have fit her better, but Ashley had on a low cut spaghetti strap top and every bounce dared more and more of her to become visible. "Like i care about that?! i'm about to pee myself!"

Finally she calmed down, it seemed she had passed the point of losing it and her body would keep quiet about it for a while. now it was Ambers turn to feel the pressure, all at once she tensed up and grabbed herself tightly, trying to will away her need to relieve herself. Ashley turned to her and asked "what's wrong?" the answer she received was a terse yet quiet "what do you think?! I never got to use the toilet either!" just then, something rolled to their feet. "huh? what's this?" Ashley asked as she leaned over and picked it up, "EW! its warm!" what she had just picked up was a 20oz pop bottle filled to the brim with urine. Amber swore under her breath, "they didn't even leave any room for more, i could have used that..."

"why don't you just dump it out the window then use it?" stated Ashely. "I can't, not with that boy sitting there." replied Amber. "Oh him? he's asleep i think, Hey, kid, yep, he's asleep, now dump that thing and let's use it" I had taken to feigning sleep a while back, i figured it was the best way to not attract attention, plus in the dark back of the bus no one could see me anyway, a good thing too, the bulge in my pants was just covered by my helmet which i was incredibly glad i brought with me and my uniform bag.

Amber nodded and unscrewed the top and proceeded to lower the window and hold the bottle out draining it slowly. Suddenly another wave of desperation hit both of them, as if looking at the bottle of someones relief and the cold gusts of wind had stirred a need in there own body for release. "oh, hurry up you stupid thing i can't wait anymore!" cried Ashley who had taken to bouncing again, Amber was still holding the bottle out the window when angry students up further ahead started yelling to close the window. I was starting to feel chilled myself, but i just stayed still, watching the whole thing wind down. Now, i admit i have my weird tendencies, but i still have no desire to see a girl publicly humiliate herself in real life, but i knew it wouldn't be much longer now.

Final Hour

As the angry cries continued the bottle was finally empty, at this point the driver was even yelling back to close the window, Amber quickly pulled the bottle back and shut the window. It was coming down to the wire for the two girls, and now they both looked at the bottle, as if totally unsure how to do this in the position they were in. They began to argue back and forth, "well, you first Amber"

"Me? You have to go way more than me, you use it."

"...i don't know how, i've never done this before!"

"And you think i have?!" Another sweeping wave of desperation struck Ashley, and it looked like this was the last straw. "ok fine, give it to me!" She fiddled with her warmups as they were called and pulled them down exposing her white panties, then she pulled them aside slightly and held the bottle up to her you know what and no sooner had she done so then her pee jetted out, missing the bottle completely, "ACK!" She yelled as she repositioned the bottle and watched as it began to fill rapidly. A look of immense relief appeared on her face as she peed and peed. "whew, that's better..." she sighed as the bottle continued filling, then she suddenly realized the bottle was more then half way full and she was still going as strong as ever.

"Oh no! Amber, the bottles not big enough! it's gonna overflow!!! ...Amber?" She had completely tensed up and had a look of extreme panic on her face, "...i can't hold it" was all she could say, as her body gave up the fight and pee began to stream from under her skirt. "Ahhhhh" Amber sighed at finally releasing her pent up liquid. At this point the bottle had reach it's capacity as well and began to gush back. "I can't stop either!" Ashely yelled as she tried to fight the stream that was forcing it's way down her legs and into her socks and soaking the warmups at her feat. "i wet myself... as a senior in high school..."

Amber was lost in a daze, just mumbling to herself as her pee trickled off. "well i might as well have, my pants are soaked through" Ashley told her as she pulled up her pants. "yeah... i guess your right." Amber started to giggle slightly at the sight of her friend in soaked pants. "i'm just happy to be relieved of that pressure finally. "tell me about it." said ashley as she started laughing too. "But how are we going to get off the bus without anyone seeing we wet our pants?" I formulated a plan at this point, one that might get me in trouble, but, eh, what the heck, it was worth a shot.

After about another half hour, the bus pulled into the familiar school parking lot. Once the bus had stopped, i pretended to "wake up" and said "man, i'm just dieing for a pee, i'm not waiting for all them to get off." I saw the girls looking at me as I turned around and opened the emergency door on the back and jumped down and onto the ground, of course this started an alarm on the bus and people started looking around at what caused it. sure enough, just as i planned the majorettes followed me off and quickly ran to their cars.

"Mission Complete" i just murmured to myself, as the band director came over and started yelling "who gave you permission to use the emergency exit!? Your coming with me." It wasn't all that bad, really all i got was a stern talking to and some extra cleaning to do. But compared to the experience of that night, nothing else really mattered. Of course, i couldn't ever really look at either girl again without blushing uncontrollably, but I never really talked to girls like that anyway so it didn't matter once again.

