Wetting the Bed Again

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2020-09-21 19:38

Wetting the Bed Again

So as I explained in previous posts (Leaking Again and Leaking Again II), my OAB symptoms started cropping up a handful of weeks ago. After these firs two initial public accidents I started taking regular precautions during the day, so that now, I wear a UI pad when I’m going out and about (which thanks to COVID is not all that often), and I’ve resigned myself to these pads being overwhelmed when I work out and just wear my black running skort that basically hides everything but telltale streaks down one’s legs. 

And one of the ‘perks’ of COVID and working from home is that when I do get a sudden urge, I can just pop up and rush off to the loo, which is maybe 20 paces from my desk. This doesn’t mean that I haven’t had a few odd leaks when my bladder does the whole key-in-latch thing and decides to squirt into my panties as I reach the bathroom door, but it does mean that I’ve mostly been making it to the loo on time when I do get sudden urges. I should add that these have been happening a little more often this week than say three weeks ago when I had my initial accident at the grocery story. It’s not as bad as say when I was in high school, or before my first Botox treatment, but it’s noticeable.

I’d experienced a few random urges before that first accident at the grocery story, but I didn’t lend these much credence or significance until what happened next. So in addition to my daytime accident at work, I also had a couple of bedwetting incidents about three weeks ago that really clued me in to the fact that the OAB symptoms were back, and that I was going to have to start using protection more regularly (as well as the medication I’ve got squirreled away in my medicine cabinet).

So a couple of night after the grocery store accident I went to bed late – I’m not the best with early bedtimes as many of you will know if you follow the odd hours when I post stuff on my Tumblr. It was hot in our bedroom despite a fan and our window being wide open. As a result, I opted to go to bed in nothing but a pair of comfortable panties. I chose a pair of Little Mermaid panties which many of you will have seen in my past adventures.

Before going to sleep, I put down my purple Peepod pad. Now this was not some kind of prescience on my part, but rather, I was hoping to get laid. It was the weekend (Friday night to be precise), and I hoped to either have sex before bed or roll over onto my hubby in the morning. The pad, therefore was to make cleanup easier, as in either scenario I was likely to leak a bunch.

Well evening sex did not happen – we were both too exhausted from the day of work and ended up watching TV shows until late. So I ended up curling up to sleep in my panties on the pad, which just to happened to be a very good, albeit unplanned, tactical move on my part.

I drifted off to sleep, and the next thing I knew, I was awoken by a gentle nudge from my hubby. I was groggy and surprised by the fact that it was still dark out. He was kneeling in the bed.

“Hun,” he mumbled gently, “I think you had an accident.”

I went from groggy to slightly less than groggy quite quickly. I had not wet the bed with my hubby in it accidentally in quite a long time, and my brain, already clouded by sleep, was suddenly awash with a hundred thoughts and emotions at once. As a result, it took me a little while to orient myself, and my husband patiently waited for me to collect myself.

I rolled off my belly and sat up. I felt the bed around me. I did not feel a large puddle, but when my hand moved towards my crotch I could feel a moderate puddle on the pad and the crotch of my panties was soaking wet with pee that was noticeably still warm. I could also feel the warm pee soaking into the bum of my panties.

I mumbled something like “Oh.” And I moved out of the small puddle I had created to kneel on the pad. I felt a single bead of pee running inner thigh, gently cooling as it made its meandering way down.

“Oh… um… I’m sorry,” I apologized. And continued to collect myself.

“It’s ok, I um… shall we clean up and go back to sleep?” Asked my hubby, who sounded pretty tired as well.

“Ah, yeah.” I said as I started shimmying down my panties. Having wet many a bed in my day I knew that if I stood up immediately I’d likely drip all over the carpet, and that was not something I wanted to clean up in my sleepy state. I conducted an awkward wiggle-shimmy motion and got myself out of my wet panties and padded down my bum, legs and vulva with a dry corner of the pad. I rolled the whole thing into a bundle and carried it over to the laundry on my way to the washroom. I sat on the toilet to pee, and managed to get out a couple of dribbles. I then wiped myself with toilet paper, before locating a pack of baby wipes I keep around to clean myself up a little. The wet material was cold against my girl parts, and I didn’t like the smell – allegedly lavender if the package is to be believed.

Cleaned up, and slightly more awake than before, I headed back into the bedroom, my hubby had rolled over and was snoring softly. The fan had stopped (we have it on a timer) and it was considerably cooler in the room from when we went to bed, and I contemplated putting on a Goodnite. I groggily and clumsily located one from my diaper stash without turning on the lights, and took it back to the washroom to put it on (so I wouldn’t get it backwards and to apply some baby powder first).

I headed back to bed and snuggled in to my husband as a diapered big spoon.

Photos taken the next morning.

###

The next morning we both got up late. Despite my late night bedwetting accident I was still keen on some morning sex, and it did not take too much coaxing to convince my husband to participate. Because we did not have a pad down, and because I was feeling naughty as hell, (perhaps my bedwetting accident had something to do with this), I whispered to my husband something like “Daddy, will you fuck me while I keep my diaper on?”

He complied, rolling me onto my belly and pulling the gusset of my (dry) Goodnite to one side in order to enter me.

It was a good thing I left the diaper on – I’ve been known to leak during sex in general, but the fact that I had not yet visited the washroom that morning meant that I had a bunch of morning pee in me. Perhaps not a full bladder’s worth, but enough to lead to some leaks.

When we were finished, I cuddled into my husband, and oozed juices into a now wet Goodnite. It was an exquisite way to start my morning.

Over breakfast, my husband explained that he’d been spooning me when he was awoken by a warm wet feeling on his leg. I apologized again for wetting the bed, but he was super sweet and said something to the effect that he knew what he was getting into. We did discuss my OAB a little and my upcoming appointment, and I mentioned that this could have been a one off, or it might become a little more regular in the coming month.

My husband is used to me having the off bedwetting accident, especially when we’ve been hitting the sauce or pot a little too hard, and he’s a trooper.

###

Anyhow, the next incident didn’t happen for about a week. It was still hot and so after the first accident, I decided that I would sleep on the Peepod pad for the next while (after laundering it of course, I did order a second one more recently so I would use them in rotation if need be).

So every night I’d slip into a pair of panties (or wear the panties from that day), and curl up to sleep on my Peepod pad, I am not sponsored by them (though I wish I was as their pads are a little spendy) but they are great and it’s like sleeping on a towel, but one that can be relied upon to absorb over two full Rachel bladders worth of pee.

This time, I woke up in the morning, groggier than normal, and laying on my belly in a decent-sized puddle.

I had worn my grey Frozen Olaf panties to bed again.

This puddle was a bit larger than the previous, and it seemed that I had emptied most of my bladder while I slept.

And unlike the previous time, the pee (and my panties) were cold and wet when I woke up.

My husband, who is much more of a morning person than I am, was already up and making tea when I awoke, and as the puddle was restricted to directly under and around me, I assumed he had not noticed. I was glad of this as while I have a complicated relationship with bedwetting I know he’s not into waking up in a puddle of someone else’s pee (or his own pee for that matter).

I rolled over, stripped off my wet panties, and headed into the shower.

Once properly woken up by the water, I snapped a few pictures for you lovely perverts before rolling up the pad and panties and popping them into the laundry.

I hesitated before telling my husband that I had wet the bed over breakfast. I know it’s not my fault and I’ve had decades to get over my hang ups about bedwetting but I still get a huge flutter in my chest and an increased heart rate whenever I even mention bedwetting, let alone blurt out that I’d wet the bed over bagels and tea.

I tried to be as matter of fact about the thing and my husband took it in stride, saying something like “I hadn’t noticed,” and “well I didn’t get wet.”

We went about our day and I slipped a pad into my panties for good measure before starting an hour long Zoom call for work.

###

So as my Botox appointment approaches, I’ve been back to more assiduously following the recommendations of many of my urologists, going back to some of the lifestyle changes I adopted throughout my early life but had let lapse as my OAB symptoms came under control. Things like double voiding before bed, and avoiding liquids and caffeine before bed, avoiding certain foods, a taking medication (desmopressin at the moment).

It was still too hot to wear Goodnites to bed up until very recently, hotter than before actually, as our entire city was blanketed in smoke from the forest fires in Washington State and to keep the smoke out of our apartment we had our windows tightly closed for almost a week.

Before once again adopting the practice of wearing a diaper to bed, I had one more bedwetting accident. This was about a week ago, and there isn’t too much say other than that I once again woke up in a cold puddle.

This time I wore a pair of purple Frozen Olaf panties to bed, and despite all my efforts, I peed the bed once more.

The smoke finally cleared up a couple of days ago, and the weather has cooled, so I’m back to a regime of pulling on a Goodnite before bed.

This is going to be the practice for at least the next three weeks as I’ve got my Botox injection on the 25th of September and it usually takes a couple of weeks to ‘kick in’ as it were. Also, the frequency at which I’m wetting the bed seems to have increased, despite my efforts.

[Ran out of space, additional pictures follow]

*002*2020-09-21 19:45

Pictures that wouldn't fit at the end:

More shots of my purple Olaf panties after wetting the bed.

$$

$$

$$

$$

And shots of my Goodnite from the other morning:

$$

$$

*006*2020-09-27 22:37

Update, I got my jabs on Friday - not too much to report, but the two technicians definitely knew I was wearing a Goodnite. I spend the weekend recovering and relaxing. In the past it's taken a couple of weeks to be super effective, so now I'm just playing a waiting game.

*009*2020-10-03 07:29

{{On 10/1/2020 at 6:52 AM, Bluesman59 said:

Hope it goes well!

}}

Thanks! It went ok, now I just wait a couple of weeks for things to really settle in.

