Just normal omorashi

Author: Neonyellow

*000*2022-02-22 02:30

So last night I was laying in my bed, I realized that I had tommorow off, so I realized that I could really do whatever I want. I stuck my hand down my pants and I started playing with my cock, then I noticed that my bladder was calling out to me the tiniest bit. I kept thinking about it and it made me so hard, so I decided to have some classic old omorashi fun.

I got out of bed and drank three glasses of fresh tap water. At this point my stomach was giving me some resistance towards the water and drinking began harder, but as the pressure in my bladder grew, I drank more water. As the pain was growing, I just kept playing with my cock, just thinking about how tasty my piss would be.

I continued drinking until I began to feel dizzy, I understand that I wasn’t supposed to, but I wanted my bladder to fail. At this point I was at an 8/10, I was rocking back and forth completely naked and grabbing my cock in pain. I realized that I couldn’t handle the pain anymore and I had to let go.

I got my jeans on and layed down in my bed, I put my hands down my pants and felt my warm yellow piss start to stream out, flowing between my fingers and making them smell so nice and feel so sticky. The feeling of letting my piss out while I had some subtle water poisoning felt so good, my brain felt soft and I could just let go and not think about anything except for how good it felt. I completely soaked my bed and jeans, but it was so worth it, it felt orgasmic. And I drank the remaining piss in my bladder, it just tasted like warm musky water, tasted so good.

Because of the water poisoning, I felt dizzy, but I slept so well. I slept in the pissed bed and cleaned it this morning. It was gross but it felt so nice.

