Train Desperation and Wetting

Author: ukryan243

*000*2020-08-20 19:15

Hi this is a bout a public accident I had when I was 19.

I'm about 5 foot 7, slim build, glasses, a bit of a cross dresser ometimes. On this particular day in was wearing a black shirt with blue leggings.

I had to catch a 3 hour train back home from my parents and I didn't have to time to use the toilet before I left. About an hour in I realised I really badly needed a wee but I went to use a toilet on the train but they were all broken.. shit how an i going hold it for 2 hours when in already bursting to wee in a toilet I thought.! About half hour later my wee hole started to tingle a lot and my bladder was hurting from hold in 4 hours worth of liquid. I was at about a 8 at this point. Anout 1 hour and a half in I was at a 9, I couldn't sit sit still any longer, I needed a wee that desperately. At this point I had to squeeze my legs together and hold my dick as tight as I possibly could to hold in my wee as long as I could. 

Half an hour later I started spurting, I felt a little bit of wee squirt out of ly dick, then some more made my crotch wet. This was serious , I knew I was about to piss myself but tried to hold it anyway. A large squirt of we dribbled down my legs.. at this point I was shaking my legs, desperately squeezing my dick trying to keep my wee in but at this moment the train jolted a high and despite squeezing myself my wee just burst out of my dick and I started uncontrollably pissing myself. I was pissing for about a minute. I was so embarrassed but at the same time it felt so good and made me so horny.

Here is a picture of the damage

