Couldn't Catch a Break

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2019-07-17 00:17

So yesterday was a busy day and I knew it would be from the start. I had to get a haircut, pay a visit to the bank as well as the store, and finally then I was to take my friends brother to see a movie. It started with me waking up with an unusually strong urge to pee. Now, I usually wake up with a very very full bladder (like most of us) but today was different. When I woke up both of my hands were wrapped around my penis and my legs were crossed. After simply enjoying the feeling for a bit I finally got up and hopped around a bit while I threw some shorts on because I did not want any of my roommates to see me in just my underwear. The relief was amazing beyond comprehension. Little did I know that wouldn't even be the worse I would need to pee during the day.

Before I did anything I went to the gym and worked out. That was uneventful besides the fact that I drink water like a fish when I workout and combined with the heat I went through three full water bottles. Remember that as it will no doubt come into play later as you may have guessed. Then, I went to get my haircut which was overall pretty uneventful besides the development of a nagging feeling in my bladder. Nothing major. I was just entering the "you might want to start thinking about finding a bathroom phase" which is nothing I couldn't handle. Next came the bank which of course put me through the ringer and made me wait and wait. The line was so long and I had no choice but to wait for my turn. I was starting to have to adjust my weight and step from foot to foot every so often. I also had another problem as I was wearing black workout shorts and, as is the case with guys who have a pee fetish, I also started to feel my penis come to life and was afraid it would show.

Finally, my turn came up and I took care of my business and was just about to hit the bathroom on the way out when I saw a man go into it. This is a small bank so there was only one bathroom with a single toilet in it and seeing as I was already a bit behind schedule I decided to just leave. I then went to the store with my need seeming to get worse and worse by the seconds. Like this for sure was one of the quickest Ive felt my bladder fill up. I do not know if I literally had that much in me the night before and didn't get it out all of the way or if it was just all that water but I really really needed to pee by the time I had grabbed all my items from the store. It was so bad that even looking at the drinks on the grocery store shelfs made me want to grab my penis super tight.

Now, I do not shop at this particular store too often so I didn't even know if they had a public bathroom and plus time was beginning to become a real issue as my friends brother called me asking if I was almost there. I decided to simply suck it up and go real quick when I got to his house to pick him up. About halfway there I resorted to full on holding myself with one hand while driving and with both while I was at a light. 

And of course I got caught by just about every red light. The last one before I arrived is particularly long and I was frantic. Wiggling my butt around on the seat, holding myself with both hands, and I even let out a little whimper at one point because it was really starting to hurt. Here I am, a 22 year old man, squirming around at a stop light feeling my pee right on the edge of my tip. Of course, part of me was thankful I was in the car because it would be very obvious to anyone that I didn't just have to go pee but I also was getting some sort of enjoyment out of my situation.

My friends brother is in a wheelchair and I am the one to usually drive him places and in this case see a movie as he loves to see movies. Im used to having to go into his place once I get there to help him finish anything that he needs help with but of course on this day, the day I pull up with a beyond bursting bladder, he is outside and waiting. So I park my car while giving myself another squeeze as if that would help hold me over. I then helped him get into his van and as Im walking around the back of the van to get in the front seat I am left with no choice but to squeeze myself under both my basketball shorts and briefs. I even stopped just to cross my legs.

I remember wondering if I had enough time to just pee on the ground without him seeing but I could not risk that. I also did not want to ask him to unlock his door again and go in because we were already going to be just on time if not late to the movie. Believe me when I tell you that this drive to the theatre was so so hard. I was squirming but could not grab myself because now I wasn't alone. Every bump caused me to wince and envision myself letting it out over a toilet. Thankfully, the drive is short enough that I was able to make it until we got there because based off of how much my bladder was hurting and sticking out I did not have long.

We eventually get inside and bought our tickets. I could not stay still the whole time we were buying them as I was pretty much marching on the spot when a squirt found its way out and I felt my briefs get all wet. For a second I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to stop it but I did using nothing but will power. I could swear the girl at the register could tell I had to pee because she smirked at me and usually I would be into that but I just simply did not want to flood my pants right here and ruin the whole outing. We then found our theatre and I made sure he was set up and told him I would go get some popcorn but really of course it was mainly to pee. The popcorn was a convenient cover story. I virtually fast walked to the bathroom and turned the corner and immediately almost run into a man. I simply could not believe it, there was actually a line for the urinals.

I am guilty of taking for granted that mens rooms usually do not have a line while ladies rooms do a lot of the time. It was just my luck that I went there just as two separate movies were getting out meaning a lot of guys needed release. I almost moaned and whined but stopped myself because Im too old for that. Immediately, two more guys about my age get behind me and I removed my hand from between my legs. After all, I didn't want to look like a baby. There was literally nothing worse that I could have been doing at that point. Hearing and seeing guy after guy go up and relieve themselves was horrible. I felt like pee was going to come out of my eyeballs. I jumped up and down and felt another leak when the guy in front of me started to go. Finally, my turn came and I ran up to the urinal expecting to let out a torrent of pee but nothing happened.

The fact that there were people behind me made me super pee shy. I literally could not pee and I couldn't believe it. I have never ever been able to pee in a urinal when there is a line behind me and even today was no exception. This issue has actually been the main reason behind most of my extreme public desperation episodes especially when I was younger. Everyone would think I got to go but in reality I could not let it out therefore resulting in me being forced to hold it for really extended periods of time but those are stories for a different time.

I started to panic and that made it worse. After all that holding I finally get the chance to let it all out and I just cant do it. I was frustrated and defeated as I put my penis back in my shorts. I decided to try the other mens room on the opposite side of the theatre as even the single stall was taken and a stall does indeed help me get over my pee shyness. So there I am, leaving one bathroom still desperate to pee beyond belief as I go to a different one.

If there was a line at that one I honestly would have been screwed as it felt like a balloon was about to explode in my stomach. Well, scratch that it was already exploding. Thankfully, this one did not have a line and I practically ran into the open stall just to avoid any issues this time around. I was peeing full force before I even got it out and I couldn't help but to put my head back in pleasure as it finally got to flow out of me. It felt amazing. I was even tempted to take care of my extreme erection but decided against it seeing as I was in public and all. All I have to say is thank god I was wearing black shorts or those leaks would have been very visible.

Also, in case anyone was wondering Spider-Man was super good and we both enjoyed it.

*002*2019-07-17 00:36

{{2 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

Your bladder was already overstressed when you woke up bursting, so it probably wasn't in the mood to be forgiving. Like many of us here, you probably passed up chances to pee, putting it off for toilets that, due to circumstances, didn't happen. The attack of pee-shyness didn't help.

Accidents (be they car, plane or urinary) often happen because of a conspiracy of seemingly trivial events. That nearly happened to you!

}}

Yes I know exactly! I almost paid the ultimate price. In public too at that haha

