Public accident

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-03-04 18:33

So, the other day, I think maybe Monday or Tuesday, me and my housemate had a break in classes, where we did some work, or tried to, and had some water, tea, fizzy drinks etc in a cafe near our uni. Ah it was on Feb 29th cos I was being stupid and wearing blue for leapday William.

I was wearing blue skinny jeans, black t-shirt, blue checkered shirt, and black trainers with pink palm trees on.

Anyway we had had our first lesson, then we had a couple hours break as I was saying. I usually prefer to go to the bathrooms at uni than in the cafe, because it's just one toilet and I find it awkward to have people waiting. My housemate went up and went to the loo there, about twenty minutes til our lesson.

At this point, I hadn't been since around 11am and it was now about twenty to four, but I thought that would easily be enough time to go to the bathroom and stuff. I needed to go quite badly maybe a 7/10, but I knew I could last an hour and a bit until I got home, and out of laziness really, and wanting to get a good seat, I went and sat down early.

We got there, and we'd been having a laugh the whole time, and were in a really stupid mood. We sat with our group that we have a presentation with, and tried to be sensible, but it didn't last long, we couldn't stop laughing and writing stupid notes.

When we finished our group were slow to move, because they had another class in the same room which I didn't realise, they were dawdling and being slow with telling us what we needed to do in the presentation, and we swapped numbers and stuff. By now I really needed a wee, but it was also quite late and I wanted to get going back home. I stood sort of cross legged whist my housemate got some random extracts for her part of the presentation.

I was now a good 8/10 and we started walking home briskly. My housemate started complaining of needing the loo, but I didn't think too much of it! We also had to get home by 5:30 for a skype tutorial, and I really wanted to go before that! My housemate was joking around doing impressions, and then said something in a freudian slip way that made me lose it. Barely had I got past the steps up from the building and I was crying with laughter.

It was the final straw to a humorous afternoon. I couldn't stop laughing! Literally unable to control my laughter or speak or anything.

This was bad for my bladder, and when we got to nearly halfway (under 10 minutes left from my house) I felt a few small leaks. I knew the damage was really limited, but I needed to be careful, I was still laughing like a complete nutcase the entire time.

Anyway, I was laughing so much I could barely see, my sides hurt etc, I then managed to snort really loudly, and my housemate also crying with laughter turned to ask me if I needed to stop. I did need to stop, and already had. I had one hand on the wall and the other holding my stomach from laughing, but I was wetting myself quite forcibly. I felt it go down my legs in a manner I knew would be visible.

When I regained composure and had stopped going, I had probably gone for about 5 seconds on myself fully lost control. I had to go really badly still, but I was still laughing. She asked me if I was okay, and I lifted up my shirt to show her what I'd done. She was like 'oh'...

Anyway, we got home after me adjusting and pulling my shirt and t-shirt down to cover any obvious signs, but it was a warmish day and dried quite a lot by the time we got home!

I managed to get to the loo and finish the rest, and snap a pic of the now somewhat dry clothes, but you can see ground zero! I would have done so sooner, but I don't think my housemate would have appreciated it!

Hope you enjoyed

EQ x

*003*2016-03-05 13:23

{{ 

Great story and nice pic, I do love laugh wettings

}}

Haha thank you very much, I'm just lucky it wasn't too obvious

{{ 

Great photo. I love the story. I love uncontrollable wetting laughter. Had your roommate seen you wet yourself before?

I wet myself at work yesterday whilst I sneased. It caught me off guard. I sneased twice and each time I squirted. They we're heavy squirts. Luckily I had black jeans on.

}}

Oh no! Sorry about the sneezing, happens to me if I'm really desperate! She once didnt hold a door open and again I wet myself laughing when I got trapped in it but somehow she didn't notice

