Lost it on the way home

Author: minn33

*000*2022-05-04 04:41

Traffic really sucks where I live and the commute from downtown to the suburbs can get rough. Now, I love desperation play and pushing myself until I'm bursting. This is typically my limit because my SO does not share this fetish

Lucky me, my hubby wasn't home tonight so I made sure to drink as much water as possible to ensure that I was bursting by the time worked ended. I knew the ride home was going to be painful, but I kept drinking water to see if I could make myself have an accident on the rare night I'm home alone.

Oh boy. It didn't take long until I was stuck in dead stop traffic due to an accident and started squirming. I was busting to pee but I literally had my car in park. I decided that instead of waiting until home and waiting to have a talk accident in my diaper, screw it, just pass my pants now.

Oh my goodness, just feeling the pee gush out all over my pussy and completely soak into my panties and jeans was orgasmic. The wonderful benefit of this purposeful accident was having to be in my completely soaked jeans for the next hour.

When I got home, it was still very bright out and a lot of neighbors out. It was pretty clear I had completely pissed my pants. I got out if the car and just started to work around my yard, almost hoping one of my neighbors would see how dirty I had been, but sadly they all went inside before they could have caught a glimpse. This did give me a very great way to get some open shots of me and my wet pants. I really hope someone caught me snapping these so they could see just how bad I am at holding my bladder now.

$$

$$

