Secret accident next to hot tub

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-01-01 00:48

I've noticed lately that sometimes I start leaking involuntarily when water is running, even if I barely have to go! Sometimes I have to run quickly to the bathroom because it feels like I'm going to pee my panties, but then when I get there my bladder isn't even full... so here's my latest story!

I went to the beach with my partner on Monday and we stayed in a room with jacuzzi tub. It was surrounded by beautiful black and white tile so you could sit next to tub. I kept my blue panties on while I filled the bath and we sat on the tile with out feet in the tub. It wasn't long before it felt like I REALLY needed to pee so I frantically pulled my feet out of the water.

My partner, confused, asked me what was wrong. He doesn't know anything about my fetish, so I lied and told him that the water was too hot. I sat on the edge and hugged my knees to my chest. I knew I didn't have to pee that bad, so as the urge subsided, I put my feet back in. As soon as I hit the water, I start leaking and feel my panties dampen. The fabric clung to my pussy and I knew the wet spot would be clearly visible.

Not wanting my partner to see, I quickly hop off the edge, take them off, and jump into the tub. The water felt amazing, and I was able to take my mind off my uncontrollable leaks. We relaxed in the bubbling water for about 10 minutes before the timer turned the jets off. I was beginning to get too hot, so I got out and sat naked on the cold tile. I sat with my knees bent, and hugged my legs to my chest as they dripped water everywhere.

My partner leaned over to start the hot tub jets again. As the sound of water rushing began, suddenly my need to pee came back full force, and I had to tightly clench my muscles to avoid an accident. My heart started racing, and I held my muscles as tight as I could, but a stream of pee kept escaping. I couldn't tell how much of my pussy was visible to my partner, so I held my breath and blushed as my need to pee yet again subsided.

I had regained control, but I sat there frozen, focused only on keeping my muscles tightened. A wave of desperation hit me again, and I could feel myself slowing peeing all over the tile. I put my legs down and decided to let go. I only peed for a second before I felt I was empty again. Luckily I had kept so hydrated that my partner couldn't tell I was sitting in a puddle of my piss!

