Online Lessons

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-02-26 13:57

Heyyy so I have spent like a week or two off of this website since I last posted just cause I can be a super inconsistent person XD but this time hasn't gone to nothing!! I have been doing online lessons and most days I keep holding for fun during these lessons but yesterday I went a little too far whoops

So this last week I have been trying to not go to the toilet for as long as I can to make these lessons more interesting but I end up normally caving and going at lunch (I have leaked a little though before). Yesterday I decided to push past lunch and see if I can hold for another lesson at least, this was as you can probably guess was a mistake haha. I sat down for the lesson having to cross my legs a lot and fidgeting (I'm so glad you can hold yourself in online classes) I chose to see if I can push my limits by agreeing with myself that I wasn't going to ask to go the toilet. I also really didn't want to wet myself as I'm not near a toilet and my mum was downstairs 0_0. 

All these things for some reason made me think I could force my body to hold it in. anyway so here was how it went: about 20 minutes in I started to think I might not actually make it as I had to undo my jeans button to cause less pressure and was sweating XD our school doesn't let us turn our cameras off as well so I can't just walk away. I was grabbing myself a lot and shaking my legs however I kept looking at my screen and making sure I looked like a normal bored student (which I did). I really kept my eye on the clock the entire lesson and it went SO SLOWLY!

Like around 5 mins after unbuttoning It was kind of confirmed that I wasn't going to make it cause my bladder did a weird thing and I literally tensed every muscle below the belt XD I'm not 100% sure but I think a dribble or something came out around that point. I started to panic and I was only about half way through.

I considered just asking the teacher but I just kept getting really nervous that if I started going downstairs my mum would see me as desperate as I was or I wasn't even going to make the walk. (I live in a loft room at the top of the house and the only way to the toilet is to pass her office. So anyways I was kinda regretting my choices at this point and I was thinking of ways I could clean up quickly and efficiently if I did wet myself, clothes wouldn't be a problem as well all my clothes are in my room, I also knew I had a couple of shower towels in my drawers so that was fine too. I still didn't want to wet myself because I was on an online lesson though and I really didn't want to get pee on my floor.

I was in panic mode for like the next 10 mins and leaked once or twice during this, like not just small leaks as well. Both times I was sure it was all over and I wouldn't be able to stop it. I had a pretty reasonable wet spot on my jeans and my knickers where soaked. I had also placed myself on the edge of my chair so if I did pee it wouldn't be soaked up on it (its an office chair). I literally couldn't think of anything else I could do and was cursing myself for doing this.

I had like a really quick idea pop up in my head from something I saw years ago with towels and (i'm proud of this part) disconnected from the wifi on my pc (so instead of leaving or turning my camera off it just froze so they couldn't see me get up) And I grabbed two of my towels before putting one beneath the chair and the other scrunched up tightly between my legs. I then turned on my wifi again and unfroze.

At this point I obviously knew I was going to wet myself whist doing an online class but still wanted to try and avoid it if I could so decided to keep holding it in as best as I could... This didn't work as about a minute later my muscles where really tired and started letting small dribbles out every 2 seconds, these turned into larger spurts and ended up as a steady flow that no matter how hard I tried I couldn't stop. My face was burning and I was really on the edge of crying (I looked normal on screen tho so all good) I tried as hard as I could but couldn't stop it for more than a second at most, it then ended up coming full force and I was so glad I was muted as the hissing was so loud eek.

I'll be honest and say the towel trick worked so fucking well I was amazed! Like none got on the floor either (the towel itself was more soaked than I've ever seen a towel but still) My jeans however had just the biggest fucking wet patch on them. I placed the wet towel on the other towel and continued the rest of the lesson. Afterwards I wrapped every last bit of anything wet and wrapped it in the dry towel and put them all in the washing machine. I'm surprised I didn't get caught with any of this and I don't think I will every push that far in online lessons again as it was very embarrassing at the time. (that's why I wrote this now instead of yesterday as I just feel turned on when I think about it now)

I am actually happy tho that I have experienced a proper wetting for the first time in a while XD I will think about that experience a lot in the future!!

*002*2021-02-26 17:19

{{1 minute ago, desp_wet said:

How did you manage to sneak your wet things past your Mum?

}}

Wrapped in a dry towel XD it basically just looked like a load of clothes.

*006*2021-02-27 16:26

{{21 hours ago, pguy69 said:

Great story! What would you have done if you were caught short like that and stuck in public with no toilets available?

}}

Oh god I would have just been really embaressed and probably would wet myself cuz I’m so useless when stressed like that. This was rare that I was able to think of a clever solution haha

*008*2021-02-28 01:22

{{4 hours ago, pguy69 said:

Do you think you would wet yourself rather than taking evasive action, such as dropping your knickers and going in public?

}}

If I was somewhere without people then definitely dropping pants and going on the ground, it’s happened before and my body does it before even thinking about it last second. But if there’s people I would rather wet myself then flash everyone so I wouldn’t take off my clothes meaning I would pee right through them by accident tbh

