Black jeans wetting

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-04-05 19:56

Hey guys,

So I don't know if you remembered my jeans from the last story? They're black and kinda skinny.

Anyway, I decided a while back that on wash day I'd give them a shot at a wetting, so I began my hold.

Today I went to uni about 10:50 am and had lunch with my housemate before our 2.5 hour lecture from 12-14:30. In this time I had a milkshake with lunch and some water throughout my lesson. I felt a few urges during class but nothing too great. My housemate went to the bathroom at lunch so it wasn't much bother for her, but I hadn't been since 10:20am and by the end of the lesson my need was really great.

She wanted a coffee so we went to a cafe until 16:00 as that was the time of our next class. By 1530 I was actively bouncing my leg and trying to be still, so I knew I couldn't last my final lecture, running errands and then going home, I went for a pretty desperate wee at about 15:30.

Anyway, the lecture went without complication although I had a fair bit more water, and after buying some things we'd run out of in the fridge I decided I'd also get a coke. When we got home I sat for a while and messed about on my phone, feeling the urge start to build up again. At around 1800 I got up to make dinner, and also prepare some burgers and meatballs for later in the week by hand. I made dinner of gnocchi which went in the oven, and made the burgers. I was feeling the need at this point, but was quite happy with the level of it, I didn't show any outward signs.

My housemate and I then watched an episode of blackadder with dinner, which took about 30 minutes, In which time I finished my water from earlier that day. Afterwards, I went in the kitchen to prepare the meatballs whilst my housemate washed up.

Meatballs are time consuming and small so I was there for about 20 minutes, needing to pee quite a lot now, crossing my legs every so often. I couldn't ignore the need to go.

I then washed up the mixing bowl and such, I would normally leave it for my housemate to do seeing as it was cooking prep, but my bf is coming tomorrow and it was his birthday yesterday, so I'm going to make him a cake in the morning. However, running water was no easy task and I was definitely desperate.

Our hot water is rubbish, and I knew I couldn't shower for a while until it had worked back up again after washing everything up. I grabbed my bottle of coke and went on my laptop, answering PMs on here and emails, and messaging my bf with info about the city/uni where he's coming to meet me. I was now squirming quite badly and wriggling with my laptop on my lap.

Eventually I finished my coke, and it became time to shower. I grabbed a couple towels and stood in the tub. I was desperate as soon as I was in the bathroom, the thought of a prompt relief was sent to my bladder. I was holding myself almost instantly.

I was crossing and uncrossing my legs, standing on my foot, squirming. I could feel my bladder pounding, it was more external than internal, and I normally release a few spurts before the finale, but as I was writhing, it all gave in, starting slowly and just wetting my underwear but I couldn't stop, and then it all forced out almost instantly!

There wasn't a lot in there but I was still very desperate!

Multiple streams shot down my legs.

After a minute more or less, I was finished, with my black jeans, grey panties and multi coloured socks all pretty drenched haha.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed that! I had a shower and then chucked my stuff in the wash with a bunch of other clothes.

EQ x

*002*2016-04-05 20:51

{{ 

Awsome wetting ! I admit I like wetting my pants on laundry day too.

}}

Thanks! Well if they're getting washed anyways...

