Change of Heart

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2021-01-30 23:05

It’s been a few weeks since the date, but it’s all still clear to me. With a pandemic shutting down many places in our area, we secluded ourselves in her compact car near a park undergoing construction. Not the most romantic option, but no one should be here to interrupt us and the workers were perhaps on holiday break. Despite not seeing each other in months, we could only stay for a few hours. A snowstorm was forecasted later that day, ruining any plans of late night fun. Due to certain circumstances and desperation to be together after so long apart, we would make the most of this time.

We prepared to stay inside our comfy vehicle for a long while with snacks, plenty of water bottles, and my homemade lunch that we shared. After having spent my morning preparing salmon, fried chicken, roasted vegetables, and boiled eggs for us, I didn’t want my effort to go to waste. It was all worth it, our starved stomachs were delighted to have the first meal of our day and to see her smile with a face full of food definitely brightened my day.

About thirty minutes later, my best friend perks up with this, “Do you want to come with me to the bathroom in the park?” What a rare occasion, and with no one to stop us, I of course agreed with a stupid grin on my face. We step out into the chilled winds for a 20 meter walk to the only building in the park. We circled around it, tried every door but none would budge. I bring up that in all my time visiting this place that I’ve never seen them open, not even convinced that it was a bathroom, it had none of the usual signs, or one at all.

As we jogged back into the warmth of the car, she mentioned that she’ll drive back to her house to use her bathroom. However, I saw this as an opportunity and exchanged kinks. The trade was to indulge in her own kink, wedgies. A win-win scenario, to be the one that puts her in the feeling of pleasure and pain and being able to watch it all unfold. She knows how much I like seeing her desperate, jig her legs about, squirming to pee which she sometimes teases me with that knowledge. To make the experience more interesting, I gave her the task to coddle with a gallon of water that she always carries around.

We spent some time hanging out, watching her light blue panties suspended by the car hook, casually talking about Bugsnax and Deep Rock Galactic. Naturaly, she had breaks which consisted of resting by my lap, sipping her giant water bottle. Enjoying our peace, I take notice of her thighs bouncing back and forth. This is a natural sight from her, never keeping still and keeping active, but I knew this wasn’t just her antsy self. The water had to be taking effect on her bladder. Glancing at the bottle, she was about half way finished, granted I sipped some as well.

She wasn’t vocal about her need and kept enduring, her thighs moved as if she was using a bicycle with only one petal, keeping a steady rhythm. I asked how bad she needed to go, it was kinda bad but she could hold out and drive to her home soon. Feeling cheeky, I prod her side with the bottle and ogled her eyes. There was hesitation from the pressure her groin and I put on her, but she gave in and drank a bit more.

Our date was approaching the end of its time span. At this point we were enjoying our company together. I laid my head on her lap and we both played with each other’s hair. Time was breezing past us. I wished that it would freeze with the frigid air so we could stay here. Unfortunately, I was whisked back into reality, being pushed off from my polyester pillow. It was obvious to the both of us that she needed to go. Her hand grabbed the door handle and yet, the door wouldn’t open. My eyes widened as the door was absolutely unlocked, but here I am watching her forcefully pushing the stuck door to no avail. She then asks me to try the door at my side. At that moment, I remembered that this car had an issue like this before, but only on that one door, so this one next to me should work, but my awful mind had another idea. My acting came into play, mimicking the same issue despite feeling the car door open. 

Now if she would have tried to open it, my foolish bluff would have been caught and she without question would be furious at me for lying. But, she took my word and believed that both rear sides were stuck. Even though both of us were looking worried, I told her that the front doors should open. In a bit of a frenzy, she climbed forward despite her condition, presenting me her butt, to which the temptations overwhelm me to slap it. She fortunately didn’t struggle getting to a front seat and the door as I expected was whooshed open. Next, the fidgety woman opened all the doors from the outside to unjam them and settled in the front seat after closing them. Being outside in the freezing temperature for that small minute might have loosened her control of herself as her legs shuffled constantly.

Amidst this chaos, there was one more problem stopping us from leaving our parking spot, the windows were completely frosted. It’s perilous to drive in that condition, even if we knew the distance was less than half a quarter of a mile. My friend wasn’t looking too good, a painful silence was in the air and her lips were bitten. I didn’t need to ask how bad she was feeling and to make light of the situation, I asked if we could walk to her house instead. She didn’t agree with that plan. I was genuinely shocked, she should have the strength to make it home, she never clutched her crotch at all. We’ve done this sort of play before so I was at a loss on what to do. The car was taking it’s time to defrost the windshield and looking at her rubbing her hands along her legs, I was feeling regret over my previous stunt, even if it was a minor setback.

She isn’t into omorashi at all and only holds it to make me happy, but to actually wet herself in her car, she would cry even if I could comfort her about it. I mulled over to myself what to do. Then an idea came, in my bag I brought a towel to pick up any crumbs, but didn’t use it because she already prepared her car for that scenario. I reached into the backpack for it and presented it, “If you really can’t hold it, you can use this.” Once again she said no. I was baffled at the response, what did she want to do about it, we knew she couldn’t hold it forever. When we talked about this sort of thing in the past, she was insistent about using a toilet and her pride was too great to use anything else. She even said that she would wet herself instead of going outside. Now that line was put to the test.

I’ll admit it, I begged her to use the towel, my mind was at a loss. She wouldn’t because the towel might not absorb it all and might stain the car, even in the back where there was another towel. I mention using her water bottle after dumping the rest of the water out, but no dice. There wasn’t a portable potty near us, in fact it was at the other side of the park and that was probably further away than walking to her home. As I was stuck pondering, she spoke up, “What if I go outside and you protect me with the towel?” I stared at her in awe, she chose to break one of her claims, going out of her comfort zone. To the average Joe, this wouldn’t mean much, but this event was proof that she has enough trust in me to shield her in doing something she would only do privately. It may just be a piss, but to me, this was so much more. I could only mutter out a single “Yeah.”

She turned off the car and took the keys and we both put on our jackets. We walked side by side to the park, going to the perimeter of the walkway. I looked around for anyone and only saw a few people out in the distance, maybe 50 meters or more playing basketball. As we continued, she told me that she couldn’t even run, the first I ever heard of it. She was feeling impatient and did her best to rush at a tree, but I stopped her and wanted to go further out to completely hide ourselves in the thickets of a dead bush in the distance, where passersby would probably never see us. She was able to hold out but was impatient and the next tree we passed she beelined for. I was worried as it only covered one side, but behind us was a graveyard blocked by a chain link fence and no one else was in sight. I couldn’t argue with her, she made her choice and readied me to cover her.

Looking out at her left and then to me, she pulled down her light blue sweatpants, the same color as her panties and bent back, using the tree as support. Instantly the waters flowed, assaulting the dirt we stood. My towel extended out in front of us and I looked at our surroundings again, there wasn’t a soul nearby and the men at the court were too invested in themselves. Then I decided to slack and enjoy the show. She didn’t protest to me about not hiding her, I wasn’t sure if she knew no one was here or was just lost in bliss. I stood behind her and gazed at her nice round brown butt, admiring the natural beauty she’s born with. My eyes went down and took in the river she produced, her pee was clear like the water we drink and rushed out at an impeccable speed. The stream didn’t even have time to form, it rained down several droplets that crashed into nature. 

It was it’s own beast that I could barely understand, her most private part was shadow. I had no telling what shape it was, just complete darkness despite the sun still shining outside. Her cascade was tremendous, but soon sputtered weakly, taking that as my sign to check again for intruding voyeurs like me. The coast was clear and the sound of silence returned. As she finished relieving herself, I offered her my towel as we didn’t have any other meaningful way to wipe. Embarrassment came over her, but still took it and rubbed herself dry. Returning the oversized substitute toilet paper, she lifted her pants back and I noticed a wet spot at the lower end of her leg, her splashing was that extreme to catch her pants. After attempting to absorb the dampness from there, we walked back as nothing happened. On the way, I tripped on some rock and almost fell. With a laugh, “You almost tripped and fall didn’t you.”

“Yeah, but I wasn’t the one who almost wet her pants.”

With that quip, our fun was over and we had an experience that at least I will never forget.

