8 hours in a car

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2016-05-16 18:05

HI,

I decided to write about one experience that happend to me almost year ago with my friend Kate, which is also into omo.

We were abroad on holiady. To get there, we had to drove for 8 hours on highway, changing every hour. On the way back, I had an idea not to stop for pee. We will just take chestwaders on our clothes, so we could pee while driving. And to make it more fun, we bought many bottles of water, so we will be drinking all the way.

Kate agreed, so in the morning, when we put all of our things in car and were ready to go home, we took chestwaders over our clothes and went home.

First hour was normal. I was driving, Kate was sitting next to me and we were talking and listening to music.

Second hour, it all started. Kate was driving and I was in the passenger seat. After a while, I started I need to go, but I decided to hold. About in the middle of hour, Kate started to jiggle. She said, she needs to pee, but she want's hold it. I told her it's dangerous to jiggle because of full bladder while driving, so she let it all out and I did the same. When the hour ended, we stopped to change. Interesting thing about sitting in chestwaders in car is, that in car seat, you sit in a "hole", so the pee don't go down your legs, but stays around your ass in chestwaders. The fun cames, when you stand up and all the pee goes wodn your legs.

The third hour, Kate was constantly making small peeings, but I decided to hold it. I started to jiggle, but my hours was ending, so I decided to keep holding and changed with Kate.

Fourth hour, Kate continued in making small peeings, but I was holding, About in the half of an hour, my bladder was really painfull. I was jiggling, holding my crotch and trying not to cry. Then, I lost controll. All the pee went out and I was sitting in hot puddle of pee, until we stopped and I stand up, when all the pee went into my wellies.

Fifth and sixth hour was nothing special, we were both making small peeings.

At seventh hour, we arrived to our country. Few kilometers after the borders, there were policeman. He stopped us because to check us. I pulled down the windows and gave him my driving licence. He looked at it, gave it back to me and then asked, what are we doing. I said we were fishing and he told us to continue.

[WARNING: FOLOWING PART CONTAINS MESSING]

Eight hour started and I stopped to change with Kate, but she said she can't drive, because she really need's to poo. I suggested her to stop so she could go to the toilet, but she said that we decided not to go, even if we still had to drive about an hour on higway and then almost another hour to get to Kate's home. She was holding it, so I continued driving, but I was sure she can't hold it until home.

We leaved the highway. I looked at Kate and said that it's just almost an hour to her's house. But she answered it's already too late and started laughing. Then she started rubbering her's crotch. I was really horny, but I had to drive for a while.

[END OF MESSING]

Then we arrived to Kate's house. Kate went straight to the bathroom to wash, but I went to her's garden. I was really horny, so I sit on the muddy ground, leaned on the wall of the house and started to rub my crotch. I sawed a water tap on the wall with hose next to me. Kate was still in the bathroom and I needed to wash myself, so I putted the hose into my chestwaders and started filling them with water while rubbing my crotch. When I got an orgasm, I took my clothes down, washed myself and went to help Kate in bathroom.

It was a bit weird, but I hope you enjoyed it :D

