City center desperarion

Author: Sbones

*000*2021-11-02 20:32

It was a usual summer day. I had a drink with my girlfriend Maya in the bar. She was a cute middle-height black-haired Asian in her early 20s, wearing a ponytail and dressed in black skirt, tights and a white T-shirt.

We had a couple of beers and then decided to walk home. For some reason she didn't use the restroom before we left.

Weather was good outside. It was hot, the sky was sunny and clear. We had small talks during our trip, enjoying ourselves.

But soon I realized Maya was feeling uncomfortable. I could read that worried look on her face. Of course I knew the reason.

- Is everything OK? - I asked her.

- Yes. - She briefly replied.

- Are you sure?

She hesitated for a moment, then whispered in my ear : " I have to pee"

- Why didn't you use a toilet when you had the chance?

- I didn't want to.

- Well, too bad. I guess you have to hold it till home, because there aren't any toilets nearby.

- I don't know if I can make it.

- You can pee outside if it's urgent.

- Are you kidding? - she was shocked with my offer - There are people everywhere. No way I'm doing this.

- Fine, have it your way. - I replied.

Her desperation was growing rapidly. She stayed silent, focused on trying to maintain control and walk as fast as she could. She couldn't stay still while we waited for the green light at the crosswalk.

- Alright, you won. - my girlfriend said as we crossed the street. - Just find me a good spot, I'm about to wet myself.

There are a lot of locked yards in our city, but if you know a code it isn't a problem to get there. Sadly, we had bad luck : there were workers in the yard unloading the furniture in one of the houses.

- Fuck! - she sweared. - What now?

- We'll find another one.

- Okay, just make it quick.

When we returned to the street, she suddenly bended, moaning and grabbing her crotch.

- Shit, I'm about to piss myself. - said Maya.

- Look, there are bushes across the street, you can go there.

My gf made a dash to it, asked to hold her handbag and keep a lookout. She lifted her skirt but had a hard time with her tights(ironically they were too tight).

- Come on, come on, come on... - she was pee dancing still trying to pull them down.

Then she moaned again, grabbing her crotch and trembling with her body. She froze for a couple of second, trying not to lose control. After that, she finally took off her tights and panties, squatted and let it all out. I heard a loud hissing sound of her stream hitting the grass. She took time emptying her bursting bladder, about half a minute.

- That was a close one - Maya sighed with relief.

She smiled but also was embarrassed about something. While my gf was dressing, I accidentally noticed a wet patch on her favorite orange panties.

Turns out she didn't quite make it...

P. S. Sorry for possible grammar mistakes or wrong translations. English is not my native language.

*002*2021-11-04 05:32

{{5 minutes ago, Pee jeans said:

Is it frequent that she doesn't use the toilets and is desperate to pee?

}}

It actually happened a couple of times in the street. The first one I wrote here, second time she peed outside behind a dumpster. It was an November evening close to December, there wasn't many people around, so we easily sneaked in one of the yards to do it. It was not a case of urgent desperation, she did it for my fun.

I told her about my fetish during our relationship. She was enthusiastic about it. Many times she held it for me at home, wet her panties on toilet and in the bathroom. Damn, that was good times. Sometimes I regret dumping her.

