Drinking 3L in 5 hours

Author: NotDusty

*000*2018-06-27 20:29

Hi All,

Just wanted to let you know of a little challenge that I tried last weekend that I thought some of you might get a kick out of or want to try. I was somewhat inspired by some of the dares over in the GetDare forums - I'd recommend having a look over there if pee holding challenges are your thing. I ended up combining two or three different dares/challenges to make one that I knew would be challenging yet realistic for me.

So the outline is as follows;

1. Pee before the start of the challenge (optional).

2. Drink 1 litre over water gradually over the course of an hour.

3. Drink 250ml of an alternative drink of your choice, followed by another 500ml of water, followed by another 250ml of another drink of your choice. This should all be done over the second hour, for a total of two liters of fluid over two hours.

4. Hold for another 45 minutes. Drink as much or as little as you want in this time. I also chose to eat something in this hour to balance out my electrolytes.

5. Here's where it gets interesting. Take a litre bottle of water with you and drive or walk about 15 minutes from your house. This could be to a public or secluded place depending on preference, as long as it's away from home.

6. Once there, continue to hold and drink the litre of water you brought with you over the course of the next hour. This brings you up to 3 litres over the course of 4 hours.

7. One finished with, hold for another hour. By now you have drunk 3 litres and not peed for 5 hours.

8. Now you have a choice. You could;

A) Try to find a public restroom (if you chose to go somewhere with facilities)

B) Try and get back home to pee in your desperate state; or

C) Find somewhere secluded to pee sneakily (if you went to a more private place)

When I did this challenge I chose to mix up the water with two cups of hot black coffee, and I drove to a secluded hilltop/lookout place about 10 minutes drive from where I live.

I found a nice quiet spot away from the car park for the last two hours of holding, and when the five hours had passed, my bladder absolutely exlpoded as I peed behind some bushes. (If anyone would like to hear any more about my experience of this challenge please let me know).

I'd love to hear your stories about this challenge or similar challenges you guys have tried, have fun!

*002*2018-06-29 23:37

Safe to say it was a challenge!

And yeah I was a little surprised I managed, I think if I'd been within reach of a toilet I'd have gone after 4 hours or so.

But I guess that was the fun of it!

*005*2018-10-27 19:36

Hi @Varys

, if i recall correctly for the first couple of hours I just watched Netflix for the most part, I probably played some guitar at some point too. Whenever I do a hold, the first few hours are basically just me doing whatever I'd normally do plus drinking, and then as you enter the latter stages things get a bit more interesting as you say.

But there's really nothing to stop you going for a walk around your neighbourhood or doing chores or whatever else, as long as you've got a bottle of water to hand!

