Just a Little Wet Spot

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-23 00:29

I mentioned this on another forum, and decided to tell the whole story of how I almost wet my pants at Smackdown last year.

Last summer my friend and I went to a Smackdown taping. He wanted to go early so he could try to catch a glimpse of the superstars as they entered the arena, and I indulged him, because he paid for the tickets. It was a really hot day, so I'd put down quite a few bottles of water, but it just seemed to be popping out on my skin two minutes later. The gates were crowded, and since I don't really get a rise out of merely spotting someone famous, I convinced him to give up, and we walked back to the entrance, snickering at people wearing shirts for wrestlers we didn't like. We were wearing our specially cut and ripped "Hulkamania Sucks" shirts, but I bought two shirts when we got inside, along with nachos and a big souvenir cup of Diet Pepsi. 

I went into the restroom and changed the Hulkamania Sucks shirt for a Brie Mode shirt, but I didn't really have to pee at the time, so I didn't. I gave him the other shirt to wear...it was a Roman Reigns shirt. I wanted a Dean Ambrose shirt, but they only had one style, and it was ugly, like if you offered someone the shirt off your back, they wouldn't take it kind of ugly. So I had to get the Roman shirt, believe that, haha. My friend didn't want to wear it, but admitted he would fit in a lot better if he did. Later we laughed because he cheered Bray Wyatt kicking Roman's ass while wearing that shirt.

The show got underway, some matches, Seth Rollins promo, big soda nearly gone. My bladder was getting full, but I ignored it; didn't want to miss anything, and we were in the center of a row, so I didn't want to disturb anyone. I'd already seen people looking annoyed at other people who'd gotten up for one reason or another. Eventually I realized I was focusing more on not pissing than I was on the show, so I decided to get up and go, up the steps and down the hall. I had no idea the restroom was so far away, as I had never sat in that part of the arena before; I wasn't even exactly sure where it was. Since something really cool was going on in the ring, that I was missing because I couldn't hold my piss for two more minutes, the hall was empty except for two cops who laughed at me, because I so obviously was seconds away from pissing myself. 

I was blushing, sweating, and moving in what could only be described as a hybrid walk/run/potty dance. I finally found a ladies room, but I was in such a panic that I fumbled with my belt, and that small mistake was all it took for me to piss myself just enough to soak my undies and leave a wet spot slightly larger than my fist on my silly patchwork denim capris, which would only grow from the soaked undies once I sat down. I inspected the "damage" while I wasted the rest of my pee in the toilet. I thought about taking the Hulkamania Sucks shirt out of my purse, and tucking it into my back pockets, but decided that would look stupider than the little wet spot no one would probably notice. I went back to my seat to enjoy the rest of the taping. As far as I know, no one figured out that the blonde in the Brie Mode shirt had an accident, it was my dirty little secret.

*003*2016-06-23 21:17

{{6 hours ago, Tyler Durdan said:

Making your friends wear a Reigns shirt? That's just cruel.

Good story tho, gotta love the influx of wrestling related wetting you're bringing.

}}

Thank you :)

And, this was back when Roman wasn't so hated; he could still enter though the crowd, and only half the audience booed him, so he was okay wearing the shirt.

*004*2016-06-23 21:20

{{6 hours ago, gobphus said:

Good for you, Lucy, in not wasting all of your pee in the toilet. Were the security guards still snickering when you passed them on your way back? After your returned to your seat, were you conscious of sitting in wet undies?

}}

I actually saw no one on my way back. And, I got right back into the show, so I forgot about it.

