Fear Wetting

Author: SaQra

*000*2018-02-16 20:37

A couple of weeks ago me and one of my closest friends (Who I shall call Lexi) decided to organise an overnight marathon of Stranger Things, a show that neither of us had ever watched before. On the day I arrived at her place with a sleeping bag, change of clothes and other such necessities, and we settled down on her sofa with ice cream, soda and all sorts of snacks to keep us fuelled. Just for some context, I was wearing one of my favourite outfits, light green cargo pants with a white t-shirt. Lexi wore light blue jeans with a black tee and a check shirt tied round her waist. Now, as I've mentioned in other stories, my bladder is both small and weak, so I am not a fan of jumpscares. 

Unfortunately, my friend neglected to tell me anything about the show, as she new more about it than I did, and I had no idea what was coming. I got through the first and second episodes just fine as they contained little in the way of horror, while finishing about a glass and a half of soda, which went straight through me. Because of this, I started episode 3 relaxed and with a pretty full bladder. For those who dont know the show, the third episode is the first proper appearance of the main antagonist, the Demogorgon, which is some horrifying Slender-like creature with a face that splits open to reveal a gaping mouth.

Needless to say, I was blissfully unaware of this until the damn thing walked/hatched out of a wall in a massive jumpscare! In typical cartoon fashion both me and Lexi screamed and hugged each other (I never was very masculine), paralyzed with fear. We must have stayed like this for a good few seconds before I noticed a familiar warm sensation in my crotch area. I leapt up and ran for the bathroom as I felt what I knew to be pee spreading across my lap and down my legs, but by the time I was in front of the toilet it was far too late. The front of my pants were completely soaked and wet streaks ran all the way down my legs into a puddle on the floor. Unusually for me, this particular accident didn't induce any pleasure at all, only panic and embarrassment. 

As I stood there in a state of panic Lexi knocked on the door and asked if I was ok. Trying to keep calm, I explained what had happened, apologised and asked her to fetch my bag. While I waited for her to bring it to me I managed to calm myself down and then, once she returned, I got changed, stowed my wet stuff in my bag, cleaned up the puddle and then went back to the living room so we could continue our marathon. When I walked into the room Lexi was in stitches over what I assumed to be my recent humiliation. Naturally I started to explain to her how I couldn't really help it, but she cut me off and showed me the crotch of her jeans, where there was a wet spot the size of a £2 coin! We both started laughing and then resumed the episode, while discussing the event of both the show and our evening so far. Good times!

