Slowly wetting on a bicycle ride

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-06-28 11:16

As I´m kind of experimental these days, the other day I wanted to find out what it would be like to wet yourself on a bicycle ride. It was kind of difficult but great fun!

It´s the most beautiful summer evening you could imagine, warm and sunny, and after work I have some glasses of water and a beer on the balcony, and when my bladder is full enough to be all that I can think of, off we go. My dark blue sport shorts will do, I grab another bottle of water with me, and leave. I´m gonna go for my favourite route, with a fantastic countryside view, along lakes, past small villages, fields filled with horses, old gardens, a church on a mountain… Well it´s a pleasure just taking that ride without wetting yourself, but what if I could make it even more enjoyable?

My plan is to wet myself a little during the whole ride. That´s usually how my wettings work, even when I try it´s hard for me to empty my bladder all at once in a full on wetting, it´s more like i´m spurting slowly in turns until i´m soaked, and I kind of like it that way, because you can enjoy it for a long time. I actually try to start wetting as soon as I get on my bicycle. It doesn´t work at all. I can´t let go with the saddle pushed against me, especially not when I´m pedalling.

So I´ll wait for the first downhill, and try to ease a little bit from the saddle, but that doesn´t work either, my legs are too tense while standing on the pedals, and they bring the other muscles with them so I can´t relax. After a while I find out that if I put my weight on one leg and let the other one relax, my middle part can relax enough to make me dribble. So good. And after practicing it for a while I can even let go for a few seconds, so that my whole crotch and ass gets warm, overflowing down my legs, and I can see a few drops falling down on my bicycle frame.

It may be considered brave (or just stupid) to wet yourself like this on a bike ride close at gardens and sometimes with cars and people passing by, but actually i´m kind of chill about it. I´m sitting down, nobody sees my wet bum and saddle. I´m moving fast so they won´t have time for a close look at me, the wind quickly blows the little drops away so nothing gathers on the ground. It´s still hard to let it flow when somebody is around, so I have to wait for the moments alone on the cycle path. It´s worth waiting for, everytime I can release and feel the pee spreading on the saddle under me, getting all warm and wet again, the slow dripping that follows it, and the wind smoothly drying my wet legs.

I figure that the easiest moment to wet is right after a downhill, when the bicycle starts to slow down. But it means that I can´t take advantage of the speed to pedal forward because I´m busy peeing myself, and if the downhill is followed by an uphill I might have to stand up on the pedals to get up there, and that´s something I wouldn´t really wanna do if somebody´s watching right there, because my ass and my saddle is obvously wet and dripping. I have one thriller moment like this, when I just had a great pee, still dripping, and there´s a steep uphill ahead.

Just when I´m starting to climb it (still sitting on the saddle) I hear a loud and friendly “Howdy” from a goodlooking guy, barbecuing in his garden next to the road. But isn´t one of the best parts of public wetting exactly this, the smile on your face when you pretend like nothing, say a happy hello to this guy and just keep on? With some effort I manage this uphill without standing up, and continue my ride, with all these pleasurable moments of letting go every now and then.

Actually when I´m almost home I don´t want the ride to stop, so I make it a longer one by going in another direction for a while. I hadn´t decided if I would end my wetting ride in the shower at home or by the lake. Right now I don´t feel like going to the big beach that´s probably crowded an evening like this, so I´m thinking I can have a look at the smaller one. I´m really lucky, nobody´s there. I sit in the sand and let go of what´s left in the bladder, then I go out to rinse my clothes and myself in the water, the sunset is on it´s way and the lake is so warm and still.

I have clothes for changing, but I get the brilliant idea to let my shorts, now freshly soaked by lake water, clean up the saddle on the way home, so I just put my shoes in the basket and get on the bike all wet. I´m dripping much more now than I was when I was peeing, but now it´s really nothing that I worry about when I come across people, because I know that of course it´s water, not urine. But for anyone else it wouldn´t make a difference, would it, unless your own confidence shows?

I most likely will do this again.

$$$$

*006*2020-06-29 23:00

{{On 6/28/2020 at 6:46 PM, Dutch_Pee said:

I'm a very active cyclists myself and you have just given me a great idea for a public wetting. Sounds like it'll be so much fun!

}}

Great, send me a report after you tried it if you want to!

*007*2020-06-29 23:22

{{On 6/28/2020 at 3:08 PM, watchingherhold said:

A great experience well told. I love the way you write. So much detail on your surroundings, adding to enjoyment of reading it.

Thank you so much for sharing.

}}

Glad you like it, thanks a lot!

{{On 6/28/2020 at 4:52 PM, Wetsy said:

I've been going for bike rides,wearing black polyester shorts..When I would stop for a drink of water, I'd pee my shorts a little bit, leaving wet drops on the ground where I'd stopped..If I went on the grass, I'd let a fair bit go..Felt great riding in my wet shorts,and the black polyester didn't show anything..$$

$$

}}

Sounds like fun, did you also find it hard to pee while you were on the bicycle?

*011*2020-07-02 19:56

Thanks everyone!

I repeated this experience today, but on a cooler and windier day. I was wearing black training sweatpants, that are pretty good at hiding wetness, but of course it´s visible the first soaking wet and dripping minutes. Today i went to the nearest town on smaller cycle paths and gravel roads, peeing myself a little bit all the way, and then i went through the city centre with pants that were weat all way down to my shoes. My body is still not as stupid as my mind is, it refuses to let go when i´m very close at people, so i didn´t come upon any very dangerous situations, but had a nice time (i liked it better to do this with shorts and in hot weather though).

I took the route around the city lake, had started to dry up but my bladder was still filling up so i wet myself a lot again when i came into the forest at the south part of the lake. Then, like always, swimming time. I searched for a place with no people, was not successful so the place with 3 people would be ok. I quickly changed into swimming wear and jumped in, talking a little bit about water temperature with the other women who just got in there, then i swimmed out a bit and released the pee i had left in me.

When i got up my towel "accidentily" got dipped into the water, and i used it to clean my bike, the saddle and the other parts i knew had been peed on. I felt naughty to do this with the people around. They had all now left the water and were at the beach , i was hesitating for a few seconds and then i took my pissed pants and underwear, got out on the bridge and rinsed them through in the water before i put them in the plastic bag. No one knew what i was doing of course.

I really love summer and to live in an area where there´s always a lake nearby, makes it very convenient to have this kind of fun!

*013*2020-07-02 21:00

{{6 minutes ago, kalle2020 said:

Thanks a lot for this great new report! It perfectly conveys how much fun you must have had. It seems like this time it was much easier for you to just let go while riding your bike. Has it already become routine for you?

}}

Haha, It's easier, but i still need lots of practice until i fully master it. I can only pee for a couple of seconds at a time but it means it lasts longer.

