I Pee on Your Grave

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2017-01-08 02:41

It was a terrible thing to do, but I couldn't help it. He was a bully, and everyone hated him. But, when he fell through the ice and drowned, we all went to his funeral. Maybe we just wanted to get out of a half day of school. Anyway, there was a big crowd at the funeral.

We stood in line and paid our respects to his parents, whom most of us had never seen and would never see again. Then we sat quietly around the room and talked. Occasionally we mentioned the reason for our being there, but not often. He just wasn't a pleasant memory.

They had a good spread of eats in the back room, so we all eventually migrated in that direction. Someone got thirsty and opened the refrigerator and discovered several cases of beer. Beer at a funeral? No way. But there it was, cold and inviting. Of course, high schoolers aren't supposed to imbibe, so we discreetly spirited a case into the men's room, and converted it into urine. No one got shit faced. One guy knocked off four, I had three, and two or three seemed about the limit for everyone else.

When it was time for the funeral to start, we dutifully drained our bladders, popped a breath mint, and went back to where the service would be. It was a nice service, as funerals go. Several people said nice things about the dearly departed – all lies, of course – but it sounded nice. A recorded soprano screeched out "Amazing Grace," and we all filed out to get in our cars.

It took a while to carry out those thousands of dollars of wilting flowers, but finally we headed out to the cemetery. Some idiot decided to take us all by the school, and then their house, so it took half an hour or so to reach the cemetery, which was five minutes away.

As we walked up to the grave, some funeral guys handed each one of us a flower. What a waste; but what the hey? It wasn't my money. Someone suggested that we were expected to place the flowers on the casket, which turned out to be the case.

If a prayer's value be measured by its length, the preacher surely got an "A." It think he even mentioned the dearly departed a time or two. Then there was a shaking of hands and whispers of sympathy to those favored with seats for the ordeal. The funeral director handed the preacher an envelope, and patted him on the shoulder. Then, it was time to file by the grave and lay our flowers on the casket. Family first, then friends, then the rest of us. As we had hung back from the funeral tent, we were among the last to file by.

By this time, my three beers had metamorphosed into urine and quite filled my bladder. Nearing the grave, I realized the ludicrous irony of thinking about my bladder, instead of the guy in the box. The dis-inhibiting effect of beer got to me at the graveside, and as I lay my flower on the casket, I burst out laughing so hard I peed my pants. Of course, there is nothing like warm pee running down your legs to make you laugh harder, so, as everyone turned to stare at the fool by the grave, I emptied three cans of erstwhile beer down my legs and into the grave.

By the time we got to the car, everyone was laughing historically. When we finally got ourselves somewhat under control and able into get into the car, we drove to my house so I could change, and everyone else could pee properly in the toilet. In an hour we were back at school, but not before everyone had heard the story. It was several days before the catcalls of "I Piss on your grave," died down, but my reputation was made. Suddenly, I had friends I never knew about. After all, I was the guy who got the best of the bully.

