Public wetting in the park and caught!

Author: StubbornBunny

*000*2022-03-13 04:13

I've always enjoyed public wettings but been too scared to do them. I've done them in a field where no one could see them, but tonight I wanted to get a little brave hehe.

I was relaxing, watching some videos, when I noticed a slight tinge come over my bladder. I hadn't done a hold in a while, and I thought it was about time for some fun! I got myself a nice large mug of coffee. This always helps build rapid desperation for me, I then carried on watching some more videos and playing a few games online with friends.

About 45 minutes after my coffee, I was still nowhere near desperate. I was bored of being at home and had this great idea to go out for a drive and carry on drinking until I was desperate! I got dressed and put on some tight, skinny jeans which were light blue and would really show up if I was to have an 'accident'. I grabbed my keys and set off for a drive.

I drove to my nearest shop and bought some bottles of water and a energy drink. I quickly made light work of the energy drink as I wanted to get desperate super fast. After 30 minutes of driving around and blaring my spotify playlist, I started to feel a wave of desperation. Perfect! I drove to a nearby stop point and thought about what I could do. I kept sipping my water, feeling my bladder getting more and more full when I had the idea of doing a wetting in a public park! This would have been a first for me, as it was still early in the evening.

It wasn't long before I was super desperate and started to fidget in my seat. I quickly drove to my local park and started to hype myself up for what I was about to do. I parked my car, and sat there for a few minutes. Was I really about to do my first real public wetting where I could get caught? I had a rush of nerves flying through my body, but I wasn't going to back out. I was nearly at the point of no return anyway, and I didn't want to soak my car seats.

I could feel my bladder buldging as I got out of the car. Sitting down must have suppressed how badly I needed to go. I scouted the area. I could see a few dog walkers and cyclists, but it wasn't overly busy. Here we go, I thought to myself. I walked along the path trying to hide how desperate I was, but i'm pretty sure I did a terrible job at it. I made my way over to a little pond near by and had a final look around.

I stood there with my legs close together and relaxed. It started as a trickle, which very quickly turned into a gush. There was such a loud hissing noise, and as I looked down, I was completely soaking myself. It quickly ran down my legs and into my shoes. It was glistening, and I knew there was no stopping it! It felt AMAZING. While I was still letting go, I kept readjusting myself to make sure it went down both legs and that i made the jeans as soaked as possible.

It quickly set in that I had now soaked myself in public. Crap. Now what? My heart started racing as I frantically looked around to see if anyone saw it. I could see a dog walker walking towards me in the distance and panicked. I darted behind some bushes and waited for her to pass. After they had passed, I made a beeline for my car.

As I was approaching my car around the corner, there was a woman jogging towards me. My heart seemed to jump into my throat. I couldn't hide anywhere it was too late. I must have gone bright red as I felt my face burn up. She took a good glance whilst jogging past me, and she could clearly see I had just pissed myself. I ran to my car after she passed by me. I fumbled with my keys and jumped inside my car and drove off.

I have never had a thrill like that in my life. It was the first time I had ever been caught soaking myself. My heart was still beating like it was going to fly out of my chest, I drove up the road and stopped at a red light. I took another glance down and saw the real damage. I was soaked. My socks were drenched and my shoes were making squishy, squashy noises.

As I headed home, it was nearly dark out. I was so turned on by what I had just done I could feel myself getting hard in my tight, soaked jeans. (I had a real good time when i got home aswell ) I had done it! Something i had been too scared to do, and on my first real public wetting, I got caught.

I hope you guys like my embarrassing story! I'm sure I won't forget about this one!

*002*2022-03-13 15:11

{{10 hours ago, Danno1988 said:

What an amazing story. I love public wetting as well and I'm gonna have to do something similar in the very near future. Thank you for the inspiration.

}}

Thank you! It was a real thrill thats for sure hahaha.

I'm sure you'll love it, let me know how it goes!

