Very dump bet

Author: Elyra

*000*2017-12-28 13:54

Hey there! I hope you had a great Christmas and will have a great new year :)

This incident happened about 2 weeks ago. I wanted to share it earlier, but my workload was too huge :(

So, I have been on my night shift in hospital. My girl was at home with a friend, let's call him Brad. I don't like him, he's one of those always cool, always arrogant people, but my girl grew up with him, he was basically a brother to her, so I knew, nothing would happen between them.

I was working and not thinking anything bad, when my co-worker came to me, telling me, my girl was on the phone and sounding quite desperate. I went to the phone straight, worried what happened and then I heard my girl... "Oh thank God, you're there! Please, you have to come home immediately! Brad and I had a stupid bet... We bet he couldn't glue 100 layers of tape around his dick. Now we're up to 20 and he says, he really needs to pee very bad but he can't get off the tape! Please come home and help!"

She sounded desperate and worried and I? I couldn't resist and laughed so hard, that my co-worker came back and asked what's so funny. I really couldn't help it, I laughed until tears streamed down my face. The always cool Brad in such a situation was too amusing for me. When I calmed down, I asked my girl about the tape and why she didn't cut this thing up (the tape, not Brads dick xD) but she was too afraid to hurt him.

I sighed and made up a story to my boss, so I could go home.

On my way, my girl called me several times, she got more and more anxious and I got angrier, until I hissed at her "I can't fly! Bring him to the bathroom, I'm there in a few minutes! I need to concentrate, girl!"

A few minutes later, I arrived at home, where my girl brought me straight to the living room. Brad stood there, his jeans open and deperately tugging on the tape around his dick. He looked at me with tears in his eyes "Please help me. I can't stand it any longer, my bladder can't take it anymore! It will explode any second!"

I sighed and walked over to him "Ok, let's get you to the bathroom. You won't pee all over my floor in the living room." he shook his head "Walking is too painful. The pain kills me!"

I looked at my girl "Go, get a bucket for him." I examined the tape "How the hell did you make such a stupid bet?" I layed my hand on his stomach, but he whimpered and put my hand away "Please no touching! My bladder will explode, please hurry! I drank too much and now..." I interrupted him "Ok, ok. How bad are your cramps?" I didn't really listen, I just wanted him to be busy with talking, while I was working on the tape. My girl had brought the bucket and I managed to get rid of nearly all the tape, when Brad looked down "Oh God... Oh thank God, rip it off please!" I was as careful as possible, what wasn't really easy, because he was sweating and shaking heavily (never work with scissors on a shaking guy, I tell you!) but at last, I could rip of the last piece of tape.

Immediately, pee shot out of his dick in a forceful stream. Brad mourned and was shaking more from relief. My girl and I watched him, we never saw such a big grin of satisfaction when he finished and emptied the bucket in the toilet.

We still mock him a bit about this incident and for Christmas, I gave him new tape and scissors xD

