Wetting when pregnant (part 2)

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-08-04 13:17

Another one from my archive. Several incidents with preggos.

###

The story about the accident and water breaking happened to me. During my first I had leaking accidents but nothing a large pad wouldn't hold. One night when I was about 36 weeks I woke up to a wet bed and thought Oh my god, it's time! I woke my husband up, grabbed what we could (we had not packed "the bag"), and drove like hell to the hospital. Sure enough when we got there I was examined and was told that I had not had a water break but rather had just urinated in my bed. I was in such disbelief that I asked them if this was normal to which they responded that it was pretty common especially for first timers.

I then asked what I should do and they were kind enough to actually give me a few adult diapers.

I look back on it now with my husband and we laugh. I had three more since and I wasn't no fool without diapers cause I peed in public and it taught me a lesson.

Keisha

01/12/1999

My husband and I have been going for walks since I've been pregnant to help me stay in shape. One night during our walk I had to go to the bathroom so bad that my tummy was starting to ache and there was no way I could wait till we got back to the house. We came across a construction site with a

"port-o-potty". All of a sudden, it was looking very good to me, which I had never succumed to them previously. So I went for it!

As I was releiving myself, I was actually moaning with relief. Little did I know there was another couple walking past the potty and could hear my joy. When I came out, my husband was laughing his head off. Needless to say, we never walked that route again.

Angela R. 01/14/1999

This is my frist child! I am only 3 months into this lovely thing. I am scared. Peeing is not a factor for me but what a wounderfull thing to go throught. I am shure that the peeing thing will start soon enough tho. But reading all the other stories of peeing made me have ta pee

Janie 02/15/1999

I am expecting our first child; I'm 7 months along, and still showing only a little, but the doctor says all is well. Since I was about three month pregnant I've had sudden and strong urges to pee, sometimes in the most difficult places to find a toilet, like on the highway, in traffic, a crowded theatre, etc.

At first I found this a real pain, and my often desperate attempt to find a toilet quickly embarassing.

I even had a few accidents when I didn't make it on time, which hasn't happened to me since I was a girl.

The first few times that happened I was really embarrassed,and began to wear, as others above have suggested, pads and then adult diapers. But frankly I hated them, and felt really weird. Pads were ok for leaking, but that wasn't really my problem. I'd just have overwhelming urges to completely let go. I didn't really leak at all.

I talk with my husband and a few girlfriends who had had kids, and we all ended up agreeing that dashing for toilets and even an occasional accident is better than wearing diapers all the time. I know others feel differently, but that's my opinion.

The other day I was driving home with my hunband and had to go really badly. I made it to the house, but couldn't make it all the way to the door, and began to wet my pants completely on the walkway. To my surprise my husband, who has been totally understanding of all this, just stood there as I lost control and smiled, and told me he found it wonderful. I couldn't quite believe it, but he said he found it quite erotic. Now that was different,for sure, and I didn't know how to take it. I still don't but I didn't find it bad at all since I've always loved his attention. We actually made love once inside the house.

Now I'm not suggesting that this is a solution, but it is something interesting if you really can't help yourself at all.

Karen

Karen 02/17/1999

Karen...what a wonderful way to turn something so embarrassing as wetting yourself into something so close and loving with your partner.

He obviously enjoyed it even if you didn't find it quite so good!

When I was pregnant I had quite a few wetting accidents and my partner got so turned on that he wanted sex with me each time, although I did't every time!! best wishes with the baby... 

Carol

Carol 02/26/1999

I found my urination frequent enough during the first trimester..now that i'm in to my second trimester, it's WORSE!! I'm getting up between two and six times a night!!...did anyone else experience this at all?? I find it bizarre since everyone says it's only in the first and last trimesters that you pee a lot..

Leigh 03/23/1999

I found the last trimester the worst

I think it was because my baby was pressing down quite early. It just meant that every now and then my bladder would just go...and from not needing to pee to wetting my pants was just seconds apart! 

Hope this doesn't put anyone off!

Love mel

Mel 04/04/1999

I work at a major Housewares chain,I am on my feet constantly. Everyone knew I was hitting the bathroom every 15 min. I got a really bad cold the next week and each time I coughed or sneezed I wet myself. The only thing I could do was stop whatever I was doing and cross my legs(standing up). By the end of the week all my co-workers would be in histarics as they watched my antics!

Judith 04/12/1999

This is my third pregnancy. I am in my 7th month. Each pregnancy is a little worse on my poor little bladder. I have learned to adapt somewhat to my accidents by only wearing dresses and limiting my activities outside of the house. It's one thing to wet yourself around family although embarrassing as it may be to loose it infront of strangers (which I have a few times) is devistating. My biggest problem is my two older kids both girls. They are 3 and 5. I have trouble explaning to them that mom "wets her pants and bed" because they are going to have sister or brother. My oldest just stairs at me when this happens but the youngest is having accidents during the day and told my

DH that she's going to have a baby too. She has started to wet the bed again as well. I am contemplating wearing diapers but I'm afraid this may lead to something worse if I am found out. Does anyone else have this problem or am I just overreacting?

Pam 04/23/1999

How many months do you have to to go to the bathroom?

05/13/1999

This is more a comment on EVA-LEY's comment, (I haven't had any unusual pit-stops, in either my first pregnancy or my current one). I was APPALED to read that, as a mail-carrier, she was initally on a BIKE! One of the first things pregnant women are told to avoid is any type of activities that could put them in danger or falling and injuring themselves and their baby, and riding a bike is among them! I'm glad to hear her coworkers helped her get a car route!!!

Elena S. 05/17/1999

I can relate to Kendra's posts about long meetings because even before I was pregnant I would be so desperate by the time they were finished. Now I just have to excuse myself half way through it's better than wetting my pants.

However my most embarrassing accident happened while with a client.

We had stepped out for coffee to a small coffee lounge about

5 minutes from her office.

Finishing our coffee I really had to go and asked if I could use the restroom. Sorry not for customers use I was told. I told my client I would have to head back to her office and use the restroom. Every step was agony and waiting for the lift was embarrassing as I couldn't stand still. I had to go and in a hurry. Whether it was the movement of the lift or just plain urgency I don't know but I couldn't hold it and wet my pants badly in front of the client I was supposed to be impressing. Well I did make an impression but not the one I intended too.

Emma

Emma 06/04/1999

Hello Folks,. peeing is a normal thing and as a male in a motorcycle accident, I know what wet jeans is. There is nothing you can really do the first accident but go home and shower. I am 40 and now am proud to wear attends diapers. they are so so fantastic. They wick the wettness away and will handle a large amount of pee with lots of confidance. Trust me and feel free to write us often for help. I had started to wet after my cycle slid 180 feet on the pavement and then landed with handlebars in my lower area.

I wet attends daily and real real proud to wear adult diapers.; We have many local friends that know including there husbands., I have never ever been made fun of minis for the love of caring. Please trust me ladies. Attends diapers are the very best for comfort and long lasting wear. they are really adjustable all day long and never bind or show.

I am now brave as I am here bragging that I am a adult father in diapers and will not get caught without them on.

We want to help others that don't have the good postive feelings when having a wetting problem. 

Please write if you want to as friends in need.

Adult diapers are not that noticable and no one cares especally other women. All paula's friends are very nice and know I am not wanting them to change me?

Hope you will all have a dryer safe summer.

P.S. HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO ALL. FREEDOM CELEBRATION IS

WHAT WE ALL LOVE ABOUT AMERICA.JIM IN ILL.

James&Paula in Illinois 06/24/1999

I was about four month pregnant, and barely showing and still wearing a few of my 'too big' pants. I went shopping on a warm summer day and was in the local bakery. I had my niece with me who was about 5 at the time. THere was a line, so I took my number and waited.

I wasn't aware at all that I had to pee, in fact I had almost no sensation of needing to go. For whatever reason (allergies?) I began to have a sneezing and coughing fit (I couldn't stop) and began to dribble in my panites and pants the more I sneezed and coughed. The dribbles became spurts and my jeans (light blue, really embarrassing) got wetter and wetter, until it was clear

I was wetting my pants. I didn't really realize it until

I felt my thighs getting wet and my neice said something like, "Judy, you're wetting your pants!" God, I turned red. I finally managed to stop, but not until the damage was done and literally everybody in the shop was looking at me. I found myself saying I was pregant, and a few women said that had happened to them, too. Anyway, I don't have suggestions about what to do in situations like that, but I just wanted to share the experience.

