1600ml pee

Author: NotDusty

*000*2020-06-04 15:38

Started to feel the need to pee about 1 hour ago, nothing too bad so I thought I’d make a little hold out of it.

Anyway after an hour I was getting pretty desperate (albeit nowhere near leaking), probably 7 or 8 / 10. I knew I had to go and do something else pretty soon so I thought I’d just pee and measure out of curiosity.

Anyhow, I somehow ended up peeing around 1600ml, and even though I’ve held more it still staggers me that this much liquid fits inside a persons bladder!

$$

*002*2020-06-04 16:32

{{1 minute ago, neodreamwaters said:

That's still an incredible amount! I'm curious how much you can hold when you're at a 10 (or 11!) as well as how much your bladder would bulge out (a possible entry for The Bulge Diary if you're comfortable doing so). Even just seeing how much a litre really is impresses me, seeing how it all has to fit inside someone's body. Two of them is simply astounding haha.

}}

I have held as much as 1800ml in the past, but it is incredibly rare.

I do find my bladder definitely has ‘mood swings’ though. So today I held 1600ml no sweat (which really surprises me), but on other days I have held until I started leaking and then measured a relatively modest 1300/1400ml, notwithstanding the fact that some pee is certainly lost through leaking.

I have posted photos of my bulge elsewhere, I must remember to put them in the bulge diary thread next time!

*005*2020-06-04 19:28

{{1 hour ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Hehehe....I don’t think 1400 is modest by any means.....

I never hold to the point of leaking involuntarily, but I’ve held to the point I felt so uncomfortable that I didn’t want to hold anymore, and that was 750ml...

So to think about holding double that amount....that’s impressive to me!

}}

Thank you! Sometimes I wish I had a smaller bladder so that my holding didn’t have to be quite so drawn out

{{1 hour ago, BladderLad said:

Am very jealous! Never managed to get past 1500! 1600 is my goal!

}}

You’ll get there with careful methodical practise I’m sure

*007*2020-06-04 21:59

{{7 minutes ago, peedespes02 said:

That is a lot of pee you can hold a lot and had to go bad. Very impressed of volume you have. You had to be in pain holding that.

}}

No actually, to my surprise I was quite comfortable

