Gaming Wetting

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-04-06 13:17

So today I decided I was going to totaly ignore my bladder during a gaming session. I set my self up at my computer with my leather gaming chair covered with a nice thick folder towel, a big peice of plastic on the floor and a mop and bucket ready for clean up.

I got my self nice and desperate and then began gaming wearing a pair of boxers and thich comfy joggers.

The rules were simple. No getting up to pee. See how many rounds I could get through. Ignore my bladders request for relief right up to the point at which it gives in and soaks me.

It started off quite easy. I was at around 7/10 when I started. I grabbed a big bottle of water and a large glass of coke and began my gaming session.

The first game round was no issue. I was well aware of my need but able to easily ignore it. After 30 minutes or so I entered the perfect "Gaming zone" where I find that my desperation adrenaline makes me ultra focused on the game. I could feel my bladder throbbing but ignored it entirely. Another 15 minutes or so passed and it started quickly getting difficult. My bladder was aching bad and I had to start really concentrating on my pee muscles to stop them from loosening.

Another 15 minutes or so and I was begining to loose focus on my gaming. I kept getting killed as I was being so distracted by my huge aching bladder fighting for relief. I re-positioned my self in my chair and gently grabbed my self to try and reassure my poor bladder muscles.

10 or so minutes passed, and suddenly I felt like I was going to loose it. I panicked and moved position which only aided my bladder in its atempt to empty. A huge hot jet of pee sprayed out the tip of my penis soaking the front my boxers and trickling down my penis and under my butt. I managed to regain control and refused to stop gaming.

After this initial leak, my bladder seemed to resign to the fact that it was being forced to hold. I sat with a little damp patch for at least 20 minutes with no further leaks. That was until I tried to change my seating position. I moved one leg and instantly felt my pee hole spasm. A second huge spray off pee escaped. This time my hand instinctively went to grab between my legs but I stopped my self as I didn't want to get wet hands. Without the reassureance of a firm grip my pee muscles struggled to reclamp but after 3/4 seconds I somehow managed it again!

I really struggled for around 10 more minutes. Focussing almost all my energy on keeping my pee hole clamp tight. My wet boxers really teasing me and making it just that much harder to hold, and my huge bladder bulge being strained by the waistband on my joggers.

It was only around 15 minutes after the second leak when my bladder really gave in. A huge spurt leaked out the tip of my penis with so much pressure that I saw that lovely wet trickled flowing out the front of the fabric and down between my legs. I re-gained focus on my gaming as I sat with pee just spraying out my penis all over the inside of my boxers, flooding the chair, the towel, and down my legs. I continued gaming as if nothing was happening just soaking my self for around a minute and a half and looking down ocasionally to admire my deflating bladder bulge!

I sat, for another two rounds whilst just sitting all hot and wet before finally getting up to clean up. Standing up I realised just how big the puddle was when I stood in it and it soaked my socks!

So yeah! Gaming and wetting! Seriously fun, really intense and very warm and wet! Perfect soaking!

Joe

$

