2009 #5 experience

Author: Jaylah

*000*2016-11-23 16:04

2009 #5

It was our second to last day in Edmonton and it's been a dry few days, but today I was having a good day and wasn't feeling sick. Plus it's nice to take a break, to much of a good thing can be a bad thing. Well, I remember I had a blazer, white camisole with a black buisness style pencil skirt, white pantyhose and dark blue thong bra set. I decided to wear my hair in a pony tail. I couldn't join my hubby on his run but since I was feeling so much better I texted him to meet me at the sports bar for lunch when he was done. So I strolled over to wait. I got there and sat up on the bar. I had Icetea with lime. I had a few to many of them as I waited.

The waiter was flirting with me some, I was surprised. I'm a married woman lol. He asked me if I was busy I told him I'm waiting for my muscular husband to join me, he didn't seem to believe me lol until he came in. The waiter guy didn't flirt with me after he saw my hubby. We ordered something but I was more focused on something else. It was getting to be that time, my bladder was feeling full, it make it hard to drink more liquids. He got up to pay the bill, then the thought hit me lol. I remember asking him "what goes up must come down, right?" He laughed and said yea.

I wasn't dying just yet to pee, but I was feeling adventurous. I slid forward a bit and looked at him

"What goes in, must go out?" I said quietly, as I sipped my fresh refill of my drink. As I drank it, I let go and pee began to run down one of my legs unto the wood floor. I kept drinking until i was done peeing myself.

I jumped off the stool to see, apparently I'm not noticible except my leg, but in a bit it'll be fine, I simply told him "you need to replenish the liquid u lose" and as walked to a store and a manikin was in lingerie on display. I hugged my hubby by the arm and whispered "I'd pee in that". I was a dirty girl ^^'

We kept walking around and damnit! To many lime iceteas. We went outside to where not many ppl go to and I spread my legs just a bit and began to pee onto the ground through my skirt. It got wet abit but I had another classy reason "I refuse to use public bathrooms, you never know with ppl these days". We went back into the mall. I knew my hubby was excited, we had to sit down a few times for his excitement to settle. I told him all the dirty things I want to do to him and teasing him works . We went down the main mall hall and he grabbed my ass, hmm I like the attention he' was giving me ^^'. He pressed me against the wall and made out with me. I looked around and grabbed his hand and led him to the family bathroom. I led him in and locked the door.

I wasn't excited but I knew he was and after all, a good wife pleases her hubby when he has a need. I crouched down and told him we should make this fast. I told him I wasn't aroused but I don't mind. I didn't think this through, not the appriciating my hubby part, but deciding to pee crouched down. Sure it came out and felt actually pretty good, but it also soaked the back of my skirt. After I pleased my hubby I stood up and let the pee finish dripping. We crept out and he walked right behind me until i dried .^^ we got me some water. Finished up our last full afternoon. We quickly went to our room and had to pee again. It was may 3 hours since I peed in the family bathroom. I went on my hands and knees, and peed, letting my skirt get soaked. By this time I was getting excited, my hubby and I made love then I took my shower.

