Cycling wetting 2

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2016-04-18 05:13

It was an absolute gorgeous day. It was about 75+ F with visibility as far as you could see. On days like this, it's important to hydrate! But I guess I drank too much and needed to go. I thought I could've held it long enough for one picture, but a cool, calm breeze just picked up – the wind passed right through me in my skinsuit. It was so refreshing, but had a consequence of constricting my muscles, including my already bursting bladder! It was too much for me to endure, and my dam broke.

All the liquid I was holding escaped, thoroughly drenching my shorts, snaked down my leg, absorbed into my socks, and flooded my shoes. Embarrassing as it was, it felt sooo good – not only was my bladder relieved, my soaked skinsuit provided the cool for me to keep riding!

(I really wish I had faced the sun more directly, that way it would have shown my piss soak through the black on my skinsuit. Oh wells...next time!)

*002*2016-04-18 19:24

{{ 

Now that sounds fun! I'm sure it was a lot easier to finish the ride without a bursting bladder too. Haha! :)

}}

Thanks! It sure was, but it was also nice to have some extra motivation from down there. XD

*004*2016-04-21 05:35

{{ 

Sounds like you had fun, I love the pic

}}

Thanks! I'm glad you liked it. I'm looking at another cycling outfit – this time I'm thinking about buying a mostly blue colored one, so then the liquid can be much more visible.

