Completely unexpected wetting

Author: liesjeversteven

*000*2018-08-26 15:42

Hi all,

This morning something strange happened to me that's actually worrying me a little.

I got up this morning, went pee as that's always the first thing I do. I always wake up desperate.

Then I made some coffee, went to take a shower, got dressed (well just some old jogging pants and a tank top as I wasn't going anywhere) and I went into the kitchen to fix some breakfast.

My girlfriend was standing there too, and we chatted about the night before (party we went to). And suddenly, without warning while talking to her, i just started peeing myself. There was nothing I could do about it, I had no control whatsoever and I peed until my bladder was almost empty. I was soaked and standing in a puddle. My GF was just looking at me wide eyed and just said "what are you doing?"

I was shocked! I still am! Nothing like that has ever happened to me. Yes, I have the occasional little accident when I hold it too long, or when I laugh too hard but never like this. I didn't even feel like I had to go. My body just suddenly took over and started peeing.

Nothing else happened the rest of the day. i don't think I have a bladder infection or anything as it doesn't hurt to pee and I don't get any abnormal urges. i just hope there's nothing wrong with me.

I guess I'm gonna make a doctor appointment for tomorrow. Has anything like this ever happened to any of you?

Love

Liesje

*003*2018-08-29 12:00

Well, so far everything seems ok. It must have been a one off thing. At least I hope so...

