Night's Next Desperation

Author: Night

*000*2012-05-27 16:24

Last night, I finally got a good night's sleep, only waking up once (which is normal for me, though it was a weird, drowsy wake up which is abnormal), and was in a good mood. Had a wet planned with a friend I've met here, who will remain anonymous for respectable measures.

Anyways, when I first got up I relieved myself, which was around 6:00 or 6:15. Around 6:30, I drank a full glass of tea, watching a program on TV. Around 7, I drank another half, continuing with the program and Tv, starting to take a few notes for my memory. Soon, the programs are over, and I go to releive myself again, only a small amount had made it to my bladder, but now I knew I was ready to hold it (I don't like consentrated pee, as I've mentioned the laundry delemma. I go back, (it was just after 8:15) and I begin to feel a slight urge, but there is no problem... just yet.

I consentrated on my activities, till at 8:50 the feeling I previously paid no mind to returns with vengance, and I start to feel like I need to squirm, but at the same time I don't need to. The feeling of my bladder filling its' way up at a steady pace is sure. At this point, I'm clenching a bit, my mind asking me once more to go and relieve myself, though I stubbornly rebelled and refused. Soon, small waves of desperation begin to hit, ironically like the waves in the ocean. They crash against the shore and subside slowly, before receding altogether and seeming to go away, only to come around again, in a rythm of desperation. Overall, though, I manage to stay pretty still.

However, by 9 o'clock I can feel my face starting to get warm, and touch it lightly, my need becoming apparent. Five minutes after, I'm getting antsy, trying not to squrim much, but doing so regardless. Five more minutes, and the need has increased, as I'm clenching my muscles ofted, definatley starting to squirm. I felt I had no say at this point, and remained seated. Cruely, my mind starts to betray me, as I keep laughing, not only from conversations, but from nerves, my face growing ever hot, flushing from my need, and I start to wonder if the countdown has finally begun.

At 9:15, a trickle just escapes and curves around to my bottom in a fluid, soft motion; I feel the wetness on my skin ever so slightly and move around a little as it makes my increasing problem a constant reminder. I squirm, trying not to, but often I readjust my position. Trust me when I say my position wasn't the problem. :]

At 9:20, the signal "You need to go, you need to pee, you need relief." is heard loud and clear. Moving my lower abdomen back and fourth, I tried rubbing my legs with both hands. Luckily, perhaps, it calms me down a little, but just for a few seconds before I fall back to square one, squirming, and wanting relief.

Five minutes go by, and I get up, walking aroung for a moment in preparation, though also from sitting becoming uncomfortable. Standing didn't help, as I feel my bladder's weight, and the liquid movement with each step. No pain, not unbearable, but increasing my need. I begin to get mixed feelings of frustration, excitement, and an odd form of peace.

9:30. My thighs move together, constantly buddied at this time, and my ankles are crossed. I know and feel I really need to pee, and move around showing so, but I still feel very calm. I get split signals now, as my mind changes sides, saying to wait, while my bladder protests, demanding release. The calm feeling is intriguing.

Ten minutes go by as fast as a dead stop. By now, things are getting really bad. Friends are making me laugh ( >:] ) a bit, plus a bit of nervous laughter, my thights together, ankles crossed, and legs swinging back and forth as my eyes began to water. I'm restless, and by now I can't seem to use my computer right. I seem to still have conflicting interests. "To pee, or not to pee, that is the dilemma."

Five minutes go by a little quicker (9:45), as is my need to pee. My legs were getting tiered, and I couldn't tell if I was desperate or not anymore. I just wanted to pee (so of course I was, still), and it was forced upon me as an imediate priority. My hands sorta felt strange, often moving in downward motions, preventing the inevitable. I started to shake a little. I really wanted to pee. And pee. Nothing but pee interested me.

At 9:55 I feel the sensation growing hot, needing releif as I pull up a video of male desperation, knowing I really can't wait. I miss parts of the vid, due to desperation, and rewind to make sure I see it all. By some miracle I made it through, but I knew what was happening as spurts escaped. Quickly and all too slowly, I made it into the bathroom, loosing a log spurt as I hurried over the side of the tub. I stand there, legs fully crossed, my need both present and trying to erase itself in defeat. At a last minute bravery, my bladder resent the signals for the thousandth time, and at last received a victory. I released, letting the pee flow between my legs, and all down both sides, the front and back both getting nice and wet, soaked. I stand there for a minute after completion, enjoying the releif, before cleaning up and continuing with my day.

*002*2012-05-27 18:03

Thank you. :] It may be my last for a while. I've written three already, mostly out of excitement and wanting to contribute to the sight. But I have lots of other things to write, and too much of anything is a bad thing, right? Glad you enjoyed it, though. Plus, Next weekend/early next week I'll be a bit busier than usual.

*004*2012-05-28 18:45

Thank you! I don't think it's as good as my previous two, but that's how it is.

Like I said, last real one for a while, but any of you interested or not minding male desperation, I'll be posting chapter one of my Fiction Story in the Fiction/Fan-fiction section of the sight sometime today, to test it out and see what people think, and if they are interested.

