Did he have to pee??

Author: Shadowdevil

*000*2020-05-13 02:51

The other day I was at work and I noticed my one guy co worker friend standing with his legs crossed. I watched him as he never cross his legs and when he had to uncross his legs he kept his legs close together. He would also move around some while standing still. He doesn't normally act like this at all and when he could go use a bathroom he walked off and dissapered for a while. Does it sound like he had to pee? What do you all think?

*002*2020-05-13 14:47

{{7 hours ago, ashishgamer said:

Well those actions don't always mean someone has to pee. But yeah if it was when he couldn't use the toilet and went off when he finally could, then he most probably did have to pee.

}}

That is true but as It wasn't normal for him and as soon as he got a chance he disappeared somewhere(it was very busy), makes me think he had to pee.

*004*2020-05-14 03:31

{{1 hour ago, CarmenCD said:

Yes, probably he was pretty desperate. Men usually don't cross legs, because it's pretty uncomfortable squeezing your penis and balls between your legs. They only do it when is a good reason for that.

}}

I think so as he did stand with cross legs and disappeared when he could He only had 30-20 minutes till his break so the fact he disappeared when he did means he couldn't hold it. Just curious how bad do you think he had to pee on a scale 1/10??

*006*2020-05-16 01:00

{{14 minutes ago, CarmenCD said:

If he was so desperate that he had to go before his break came, probably 8 or maybe even 9. It would also depend how strong his bladder is.

}}

That is very true. Idk how strong his bladder is . And I'm assuming you might 8 or 9 out of 10.

*008*2020-05-16 15:37

{{4 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

It can be fun speculating about someone needing to pee. I've been to parties where I know someone has had several beers but hasn't peed, and then he suddenly disappears for a few minutes, or he finds an excuse to leave to get something. Some people avoid admitting that they have to pee.

}}

It's very fun lol. So what do you think, did he have to pee? XD

*009*2020-05-29 01:12

Any one else want to share their thoughts on this?

*011*2020-06-01 19:58

{{On May 30, 2020 at 4:56 PM, Alex62 said:

Sounds like he did and was doing a unknowingly pee dance lol, if I would have to guess probably very desperate, probably at 9/10!! Wonder if he made it lol

}}

Exactly what I think! I wish I saw what happened when he "dissapered"! I wonder if he made it also.

