That time I almost lost it at a concert

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2019-05-30 01:29

I've got a pretty big bladder so I can generally put off peeing even if I know I won't have access to the bathroom for a while, but every now and then it gets me in trouble.

One example that comes to mind was several years back when I went to an outdoor concert with a few friends of mine. I had used the bathroom before we started our journey, but it was about an hour and a half ride to the venue. We got there super early, which meant we were almost at the very front of the line, but it also meant another couple hours of waiting for the gates to open. For whatever reason I really try not to use portable toilets unless it's an utter emergency, so I stayed in line to hold our spot near the front while my friends used the bathrooms. I figured I could totally make it to the end of the concert. I was pretty well hydrated, so that was probably a little bit of a miscalculation.

We ended up in the very first row, just to the right of the middle of the stage. I was pushed up against the metal and plywood rail that formed the "moat" that security stood in. The crowd of nearly 10,000 was packed tightly together so there was no going anywhere at this point. Before the opening act was through I was already uncomfortable, and midway through the headline act I was squirming.

Soon enough, I was convinced that I was NOT going to make it to the end. At first I considered trying to weave my way through the crowd to find a bathroom, but I knew there was no getting back to my friends and our spot right next to the stage was too awesome to abandon. I wondered if I could get over the fence into the moat and explain my situation but given how packed-in we all were it was pretty unlikely, and even if I could I didn't want to risk trouble with security. The only option I had left, other than piss myself (surrounded by my friends and thousands of other people), was to see if I could subtly unzip and pee on the ground below me. I reasoned that there was a good chance that I could pull it off, but I didn't want to catch anyone else in the crossfire and there was still the possibility of getting caught in the act.

So I ended up spending the rest of the concert with my hand stuffed against my crotch, desperately trying to keep all my fluids in. While I was still enjoying the show, I was definitely ready for it to end. The band coming out for an encore seriously strained the muscles keeping my bladder sealed.

Not surprisingly, the packed crowd and our position at the front of it made egress an act of torture. Not only did it take forever to actually get OUT of the venue, the lines to the bathrooms were almost impossibly long, and there weren't any obvious places to relieve myself outside under cover. So, filled to the brim and without a plan, I sheepishly climbed into the car with the rest of my friends and we were on our way.

In back, my legs were shaking and I was physically straining to keep from peeing involuntarily. I didn't want to have to ask to pull over in the middle of traffic, but I pretty much had to at this point. I could feel my muscles failing and knew I wouldn't make it very far if I didn't do something.

My salvation came, fittingly, from an empty fuel tank. We would have no choice but to make a stop at the gas station to fill up and grab some snacks for the ride home. The station, thankfully, was not far at all...but the traffic made the journey another test of my endurance. And I was starting to fail that test...

Just before we pulled up to a pump, I mistakenly relaxed for a moment and felt a quick spurt of pee escape me. I stuffed my hand under the waistband of my underwear and could feel that there was a damp spot on the front. A brief inspection of the outside of my pants didn't reveal any evidence, however. I knew I couldn't wait much longer.

The car was barely stopped when I made a beeline for the bathroom. Thankfully, there were no lines here! I made it to a stall and unzipped in the nick of time. This was far up on the list for my most-relieving pees of my life.

