Movie theater desperation

Author: Averylynn

*000*2017-01-03 05:34

Last week, it was mine and my datemate, M's 9 month anniversary, so we planned a date night. Okaay, well it was more like I planned a datenight and dragged them along with me (I'm a huge romantic.) Thanks to a Christmas gift, we went to Boston Pizza and then to see Moana.

Throughout the day I didn't drink much more than usual, only an extra cup of coffee maybe. When it got closer to the the time I had to leave I git ready for my date. Jump in the shower, get my makeup on, and go. (Although the whole process took an hour and a half) by the time I left I was lpoking pretry cute wearing a short blue floral print dress that makes my cleavage look nice, with my light grey skinny jeans underneath.

I ended up getting to Boston Pizza over half an hour before they got there. So I mostly wandered around until I saw the bus would have taken drive past so I waliked towards them.

Dinner at Boston Pizza was uneventful, we were seated in the family area and there was a few crying babies near by, although besides that it was fine. I ended up getting two refills of my root beer before we left.

Walking to the bus stop was cold. As it is I'm not very good with cold and snow, but it was pretty cold out that night, about -6° Celsius (which I know isnt that bad but it's been a mild winter) at some point while walking to the bus stop I realized I had to pee pretty badly, altough it had only been three hours since I had last gone to the bathroom so I thought I could wait.

We ended up being at the bus stop for twenty minutes, although in the back of my mind I fantasized about sitting on the edge of the bench and peeing right there, but it was much to cold so I contained myself with a constant chant of "it will be here soon." Luckily it arrived, and not long after that wave of desperation had passed and I forgot about my need.

The bus ride to the movie theater was only about twenty minutes, but it went in the most indirect route that it felt like longer. But it was fine, I cuddled with M and we talked, and I replaced their purple lipgloss with my red lipstick :p

When we got to the movie, the line inside was to the door, we managed to get through in time to still be ten minutes early for the movies and get the best spot!

Thats when I felt the familiar twinge of my bladder.

"I have to pee but I don't know if I should go now or wait." I told them

"Go right this second other wise yoi'll miss the trailers or have to get up in the middle!" They told me, so I did.

I got back just in time for the trailers which was great! For the first half of the movie I was fine. No spoilers, but it was so good, I only cried twice. But one thing I didn't really expect to have an effect on me, was how much water there is in Moana. Like there's a lot of water, big surprise, right? Not too long after the glitter crab, I noticed I had to pee again. It wasn't super bad so I decided to play a game with myself, everytime I though about having to pee I drank more of my root beer.

If M wasn't into omo I probably would have ignored my drink, but I figured this was more fun. I moved a bit, okay, it was bad, but we were holding hands on the arm rest so they wouldn't have noticed.

Somewhere near the end of the movie, but not before the final battle, there was a joke, I ended up laughing so hard that I peed a bit. After that I couldn't stop jittering. I was pressing my thighs together as tight as I could, thankfully I managed to escape with no noticible damage, but the movie was almost done I had to warch till the end, and I couldn't piss myself here if only I could keep kink away from the kids that were near by.

They started going into battle when my datemate moved their hand onto my leg. I'm not sure if they noticed my squirming at all, but I tried to cut back a lot, yet still enough that they may have been able to tell my predicament.

When the movie ended, I cried both because of the pain in my bladder and because of the ending. (Only crying three times isnt bad)

Families around us got up and I wished so badly we could as well, but we wanted to wait to see if there was an after credit scene.

"Are you okaay, babe?" M asked me after there he lights came on.

"Yeah I just really have to pee, but what if there's an after credit scene?" I said. Of courss I was never good at keeping my word what seemed like forever into the credits, I was in so much pain, I didn't think I could move. "I changed my mind, we have to go /now/"

We grabbed our stuff as quickly as possible and went off towards the bathroom. More like, I was bled to thr bathroom. My jeans were so tight and I felt like I was going to explode any second...

Just as I got into a stall I felt another leak, this one was bigger and left a small dark spot on my light grey jeans, but I managed to get them off in time. I peed for a solid minute, it felt so good.

Sadly when asked, M said they didn't notice anything. Maybe I'll try again next time.

