Shruthi has Loose Motions in the Hills

Author: Ranganath

*000*2016-04-29 16:38

WARNING. This contains poop desperation. Nothing grossly obscene although vivid description are provided. If that's not your thing please don't read.

Disclaimer: This is not a work of fiction, but at the same time its not entirely a work of reality. The crucial events did happen, but there were many parts that I didn't explicitly see but have attempted to recreate. Thanks.

Hey Guys! So this is a story involving Shruthi. Yes, this is Shruthi, my ex. We broke up quite a long time back. After the break up, she shifted abroad and has been there since. A week back, I got an email from the school that we were in together saying that they're organising a small get together for our batch. It had been just over a year since we passed out and as such, I was eager to go.

Upon arriving at the school, I met a couple of my friends who had organised the entire thing. They told me it was going to be epic! We were all heading off to a remote hillstation called Yercaud to go trekking for a couple of days! It sounded great! I met a couple of classmates at the school function though not all that many. The majority of them, I was assured, had bunked the school meeting but were coming to Yercaud. We were told to meet up at the bus stop at night, around 10:30, for the 11:00 bus.

I went home, packed, and quickly returned to the bus stand. There I found a lot of my old classmates, including Raj, Prakash, and, to my surprise, Shruthi.

I was taken aback seeing Shruthi, she looked quite different, having grown significantly taller. She had also lost a fair amount of weight. Despite the fact that our relationship hadn't ended too badly, things were still somewhat awkward to say the least. I said hi to her and hugged her. She didn't seem weirded out and was actually quite kind.

Finally the bus came and I entered it first. We had been allocated a total of 6 seats, in pairs of 2. I entered first, and took my choice seat. The rest of the people filed in, taking their seats at leisure. Shruthi was the last person to enter; she looked around, saw that the seat next to me was the only one left, and came and sat.

The bus ride lasted only 8 hours, and , by the time we woke up in the morning, we had reached. We filed out of the bus, sleepy and disorientated. We quickly made our way to the hotel room where we checked in. Between the 6 of us, there were 3 guys and 3 girls. We had booked 2 rooms and as such one went to the guys and the other to the girls. We agreed to meet in the reception in an hour.

After a shower and a short nap, we rendezvoused in the main hall to set out for the hike. Everyone had their backpacks strapped on and was in their hiking clothes. The last to arrive was Shruthi. She ambled leisurely down the stairs in a pair of Khaki shorts and a T-shirt.

Now that everyone had assembled, we set off. We caught a jeep for about 20 minutes until we reached the outskirts of the hill station. From there we began our long, arduous, and memorable trek to the summit.

Before setting out on our trek, we ate a hearty breakfast of dosa and idly at a base camp. It was a shady kind of place, with a blue tarpaulin roof and a hairy man flipping savoury pancakes. A giant coffee finished the meal and, ready for the trek, we set off.

We climbed for easily an hour and a half before everyone began to feel tired. I myself had been lagging behind the bulk of the group, talking to Shruthi about what she'd been up to in the past year. She was bubbly and excited, as usual, as she told me about her job and her friends abroad.

At one point we reached the top of the rolling hills. The gasping and panting of our group suggested a much needed break.

We pulled out the mat and spread it over the ground, then pulled off our bags and sat down, enjoying the scenery. As everyone sat their talking and chilling, I noticed Shruthi sitting in an odd manner.

She had her legs in front of her, with her knees bent and raised up until her chest, such that all of her body''s pressure fell upon her bottom. She was also slowly rocking back and forth as her hands clutched tufts of grass behind her. To add to this, she was sweating quite visibly, despite the cool mountain air.

I've known Shruthi for quite a few years, and as such, I've seen what she looks like when she needs to take a shit. By the look of her face, I instantly knew that she needed to take a big shit :P

No sooner had I though of this than I instantly reprimanded myself. Shruthi was my ex! I shouldn't even be thinking about these kind of things!! I determined to try my best to ignore it and hoped the situation would resolve itself.

After a mere 2 minutes of sitting down, the other two girls, Keturah and Meghna excused themselves to the bushes. Before they got up to leave, they turned to Shruthi and asked softly ( I could hear because I was sitting right next to her)

" Do you need to.... freshen up??"

Shruthi forced a smile and said no. This shocked me back into observing the scenario. Why wouldn't she go with the girls when she so obviously had to relieve herself? Why did she remain silent??

It was only at this point that I remembered the relationships that Shruthi had shared with her classmates. It wasn't all that good. For some inexplicable reason she had never really fit in with the 'chic' group of the class. Maybe .....

* I'm switching into Shruthi's point of view at this point. Though the events are factual, I wanted to try and portray things grom her point of view.

Shruthi felt as if she were bursting at the seams!! The sweat ran in large beads down her forehead as she rocked back and forth, frantic thoughts running through her panicking brain.

" DOn't Do'nt let them know that you have to go..... Don't let them know.... Don't.."

She rocked a little bit faster.

When Keturah and Meghna came and asked her, her bowels stirred in acceptance but her dignity wouldn't allow her.

"What would they think??? What would they think if I went with them and then I....and then I.....right in front of them!!! No way!!"

Shruthi saw Keturah nod her head politely and move away towards the bushes. Shruthi cursed them in her mind.

Four and a half minutes later and the pressure in Shruthi's stomach reached painfully frightening levels. She was pulling on the grass with all her might to press her bottom deeper and deeper into the soil, and just barely managing to stem the inevitable flow. Her stomach felt heavy and alternated between intermitttent sharp pains and the much more common cramps.

Shruthi could feel her bowels tightening inside of her, trying, no doubt, to expunge whatever it was. At the same time, Shruthi sat firmly, the soles of her feet hovering above the ground so that all of her body weight went to sealing the other end of the tightened tunnel. She could feel her stomach swell in protest as the cramps worsened and worsened ; never subsiding.

All of a sudden in the midst of a cramp, she felt a tiny waver. A small but concentrated force escaped her clenched sphincter. She felt a slight dampness between her cheeks. This was it!

"Oh My God!! I can't do this!! There's no way I can trek in this state, I don't even know if I can walk!! I need to go! I need to go NOW!!"

Shruthi got up and looked around. She saw a small tree in the distance, not more than 100 metres away.

She forced herself to get to her feet and begin walking, clenching her sphincter with all her might as she sweat profusely.

As she stood up and began walking away, she felt victorious for a second. Relief was mere seconds away!! Suddenly, a voice from behind made her spin back.

"Hey Shruthi, where are you going?", it was one of the guys (not me).

Shruthi felt her sphincter waver and she replied hurridly in a trembling voice,

"I'm just going to, I'm just going to.... to... to freshen up".

She was trying with all her might not to cross her legs. She could feel all of our eyes on her.

"Oh. It's not safe to go off alone. Could you wait for Keturah to get back? She could go with you."

Shruthi's mind was racing. She didn't know what to say. Beads of perspiration dripped off of her forehead. Her bowels bulged, like over inflated balloons, willing to do anything for deflation. She felt her sphincter tremble, loosening for only a second, but that was more than enough. She felt the storm coming. Instinctively she crossed her legs, for just a second forgetting about everyone watching her. The vaccum like pressure on her rear exit lowered the pressure considerably. She almost sighed when she realized that she was standing their, with her legs tightly crossed, and everyone was watching her.

"They knew. They knew. They knew..."

Shruthi was incredibly embaressed. Any exit would have been welcome from the awkward situation she found herself trapped in. Anything.

I caught on. I knew what I could do.

I stood up, the bottle of water I'd been drinking still in my hands, and spoke,

"Yo. Don't worry guys, I'll accompany her. We'll be back in a second"

If this had been any other scenario, Shruthi would have been repulsed, maybe even angered! Regardless of her mood she would have most certainly declined my offer. But under the given circumstances, any exit was a welcome one and her misty eyes and forced smile showed acceptance of my offer.

As I walked up to Shruthi she exhaled deeply, grateful that the situation had been resolved. As I approached her however, she began to feel the pressure growing in her lower stomach once again. She felt the tension and the subsequent load straining against the only exit, flimsily covered by her pink spotted white cotton panties. As I came closer and closer she began to panic

"Open your legs come onnnnn!!! Uncross your legs damnit!! You can do it!! Just clenchhhhh andd...."

At the exact moment that I reached Shruthi she uncrossed her legs, turned in the direction of the tree and started walking. 90 metres, she mentally estimated.

I turned to her, greedy with the chance that I found myself in.

"Are you okay", I kindly asked.

Shruthi turned to me, panic in her eyes. We made eye contact. Her face was one of sheer desperation. Sweating profusely and waddling awkwardly, she was unable to even reply.

Shruthi suddenly felt her defences wane. A sudden cramp latched itself onto her with surprise and brute force, smashing through the wall. She felt a little bit of pressure shoot out of her, dampening her cheeks even more.

"Fuck!! Fuck!! It's happenning.... I'm .... I'm ...... fucking.... fuck!!!!"

Shruthi knew that she couldn't hold it any longer. Even her leg cross would most likely fail her at this stage. The only thing she could do was run... run!

As I looked deep into her eyes, she sprinted ahead of me at full speed, dashing towards the tree.

30 metres!!

20 metres!!

I knew what was happenning and I also knew that I had plausible deniability in the event of a confrontation. As such, I sprinted along behind her.

10 metres!!!

Shruthi turned the corner, dashing behind the tree. She yanked at her belt, fumbling in her efforts to unbuckle it. Every passing second a gassy crackle spurred her on. Her barrier had almost broken. There would be no more reasoning with her stomach.

I ran, faster and faster, determined to get a glimpse of the action, however shitty (pun intended) it may be.

After 4 murderous seconds, Shruthi's belt popped off. Without so much as unbuttoning her khakhis she yanked them and her cotton panties as far down as they would go. They were just a couple of inches below her ass as she fell into a squatting postion facing the tree. Her bowels erupted with liquidy splatters onto the soil.

I ran around the tree just in time to see her, trying to pull her khaki shorts further down whilst squatting unevenly with her other hand on the tree for support. I saw her face for a split second, eyes almost closed in orgasmic relief. In the millisecond before I turned my back, I looked to the ass. Liquid tatti streamed out of it like a brown river of piss. There must have been something wrong with the food she ate, that or she had an upset stomach.

A faltering gush of piss shot out of her, narrowly missing her shorts and appearing to take her by surprise. She was forced to hurriedly change her squat. With her left leg slightly less bend than her right, she was crouched at an uneven level as her bladder voided itself, strongly rushing out between her sweaty thighs as her bowels continued to leisurely relieve themselves, plopping watery logs, squirt after another after another after another onto a messy semi-liquid puddle.

<To be continued>

*004*2016-05-11 09:33

Ha! Sure will!

Got a lot of time on my hands now so I'll be getting around to it ;)

