Latchkey Wetting

Author: kydi

*000*2021-12-02 23:12

Hey guys,

So I don't post here often, but I thought that today would be a good time to do so, as I sit here typing in wet jeans.

Some background: the place I've recently moved to has two flights of stairs, and two bathrooms. I live at the bottom of those two flights of stairs, whilst one bathroom is through the kitchen (first floor) and the other right at the top of the stairs (ground floor). When I get back, I tend to be carrying a lot of stuff, so I want to drop by my room before I go to the bathroom, so that's two flights down and two flights up.

Now, I have a pretty strong bladder, so this isn't regularly a problem for me. The real problem is that this isn't just anywhere; this is my home, so I've been experiencing the fun psychological factor of latchkey wettings.

It doesn't matter how much I need to pee, I will begin to feel the urge whenever I walk up my street, and by the time I get in, it's urgent that I make it to the loo right that second. The amount I have in my bladder is inconsequential- I will always need to go extremely badly.

If I'm with someone else, that's fine, no problems. When I'm by myself? A separate issue.

Tonight, I was playing in a concert, so I went out at about 3pm, and was in rehearsal until about 5. I had peed in the morning (maybe at around 11) but since then, I'd been out for lunch and drank half a jug of water, and my entire water bottle whilst playing. A friend wanted to walk to the Sainsbury's 10 minutes away, and we only had about 25 minutes so we really needed to hurry! I realised I needed to pee as we left the building, since she was really pushing the pace, and I was suddenly a little concerned that I might leak if I did that. I was walking a little funny, as you do when you need to pee, and the sharp jolting of my footsteps as we headed downhill didn't help, but I'd mostly forgotten about the urge by the time we got there. I bought a 500 ml bottle of coke, and we hurried back up the hill. Fortunately, we made it back with enough time to pop to the loo before we needed to be in position for the concert.

Now, my concert started at about half 7, and we'd been sitting there about 2 hours for extra rehearsal already (long story, we had new music to perform for the evening, so panic practicing it was!). There was an interval at about 9, and a lot of the other players nipped to the loo then, but I stayed where I was and chatted with some of the others. This whole time, I was also drinking the coke and my refilled water.

I had a fantastic time (looking forwards to going again tomorrow!) and we finished at about 10. We faffed around for a while, chatting and packing up our stuff, and I walked back with a new friend, leaving them at the bottom of my street as we headed our separate ways.

So remember where I mentioned those latchkey wettings? Well, as I walked up my street, I realised that I kind of needed to pee. Pretty sure it was mostly psychological (5 hours is barely anything if I'm out and about; I tend to need to go by about the 10 hour mark), so I decided I was just going to go put my stuff in my room, then go to the bathroom. No problems.

Well, I put my key in the first door, and I realised that might be a bad plan. We have three doors, and by the time I got to the third door, I was seriously debating unzipping my jeans so I could just rush over to the loo, but I was concerned that my flatmates would be on the other side, and that would be an awkward explanation! Instead, I pushed open the door still fully clothed and zipped, and saw the bathroom, nice and empty in front of me. I was dancing from foot to foot, struggling to get my saxophone off my back, and it took what felt like forever to put it down at the side of the landing. I walked a step forwards, intending to take off my coat and bag and leave them by the bathroom door, but suddenly I realised that I was leaking. My crotch was definitely wet, and I looked at the four steps down towards my bathroom, and knew that I wouldn't make it.

I struggled for a moment, clenching my muscles as hard as I could, but it was too late. I started wetting myself, right there on the landing, outside two flatmate's doors and in the entrance for all six of us. It felt lovely and warm, but I really didn't want to wet- my coat is dryclean only, and I need to wear these jeans again tomorrow.

That didn't matter. I was peeing, so I hurriedly ran down the stairs, praying that I wasn't leaving a trail behind, and closed the door, standing still on the hard floor of the toilet as pee gushed out of me and down my trouser legs. It started spattering my boots, so I quickly pulled them off, praying that the inside hadn't gotten wet, and just let it happen.

When I was empty, I realised where I was, so I quickly took off my long coat and used some toilet paper to clean up, hoping it would all dry before anyone else noticed any suspicious wet spots. I turned around to leave, and suddenly realised that I'd left the door unlatched in my panic, and realised I was pretty lucky that no one else had walked in. Instead, I poked my head out, carrying my boots, bags and coat, and rushed down to my room, hoping no one would see my wet jeans. I thought I'd be fine as long as I kept quiet (because I had a pretty similar thing happen a couple days back too, only I was walking past the kitchen and onto the second set of stairs when I started wetting).

Indeed, I made it to my room, scot-free but pretty soaked, and took a couple photos of the aftermath. If I had planned, I would have filmed the whole thing, but I really still need to wear these tomorrow, so going to have to do some late night washing!

I hope you like the pictures and my story

$$

$$

PXL_20211202_230822032~2.mp4

