I Totally Missed the Toilet...

Author: RidikulusRaven

*000*2015-08-31 21:15

So, I just remembered an incident from when I was around 12 or 13. In my intro post, I said I refrained from anything omo between the ages of 11-15, and that's still true, because this wasn't something I did on purpose. I didn't really find any excitement from it either (at the time, anyway).

My mom's best friend was a big part of my childhood, and for the longest time I called her "Aunt Roxanne." At the time, Roxanne and her family lived in a three-story condo/apartment with an unfinished basement. The basement had no bathroom, being unfinished; the entry-level floor had a small half-bath just off of the kitchen; the top floor had a full bathroom.

So, my mom, my sister, and I were staying at Roxanne's house one weekend. During this stay, Roxanne's daughter, Sabrina, slept in the basement with my sister and I, while my mom took Sabrina's room. I woke up around 6 that Saturday morning, really needing to pee. I went all the way to the top floor, hoping to use the larger bathroom, but it was already occupied by Roxanne's husband. Getting pretty desperate, I ran back to the bathroom by the kitchen. I quickly closed and locked the door, then dropped my pajama pants and panties and sat on the toilet, beginning to relieve myself.

It didn't take very long for me to realize something was wrong. I could feel my pee spreading along my legs and behind instead of splashing into the toilet. At first, I figured I had just sat too far to the front of the toilet in my desperation (something I'd done many times in the past), so I slid backwards a few more inches, still peeing. However, my behind never felt the void below it indicating that I had found the right place to pee in. Still peeing, I glanced behind me, to see what the problem was. 

Horrifyingly, I discovered that the toilet lid was down. I hadn't anticipated this, since we almost never put the top lid down at home. I quickly tried to stop my pee from flowing, but by this point the relief from my desperation felt too good, and I had next to no control over my bladder muscles. I had no choice but to finish my pee. Doing the only thing I could think to do in this situation, I quickly pulled my pajamas and panties off all the way and flung them onto the counter to get them out of the line of my quickly growing puddle of pee. I sat on that toilet, peeing rather forcefully onto the lid, for nearly a minute before I finally finished.

When my bladder was, at long last, empty, I stood up to survey the damage. It was pretty bad. The bathroom wasn't very wide. I could stick my arms out at my sides and touch the walls in both directions. In the limited area around the toilet, my pee puddle had spread from wall to wall, gone all the way back behind the toilet, and was dangerously close to leaking out of the crack under the bathroom door. It was a disaster area.

Then I cleaned up with a lot of toilet paper and proceeded to act as though nothing had happened.

