Wetting my leggings in public

Author: rasec

*000*2022-02-02 16:56

Hello everyone! So today I was feeling both brave and naughty and following advice from here I got some tight leggings and grey briefs on and after drinking nearly a litre of water I went to a park near my house. I walked over and when I arrived I could feel my bladder filling up. Now I'm very bad at holding and have a pretty small bladder anyway so I knew it wouldn't be long before I had to go.

There wasn't many people around just few walking dogs and some couples. As I was getting more desperate I came off the path and there it was: a bench overlooking a small pond hidden from the main path. That bench looked like it had been put there for omorashi lovers like us!

Sat down relaxed and the stream started to soak my briefs leggings and ass. It was so good to feel the warmth spreading around my ass and hear the pee splashing on the ground. Luckily my leggings are black and wasn't as obvious what happened.

On the way back home I could feel my bladder full again and started leaking slowly as I walked. With every leak my pants were getting darker and darker and a big stream of piss would come out my knees.

Did a few videos and took some pics for you to enjoy and headed home.

I absolutely enjoyed peeing myself in public and think this won't be the last time!

Pd: as soon as I got home I really had to pee so finished off in the shower. Typical!

VID_20220202_150016(0)_378x672.mp4

VID_20220202_152030_1056x594.mp4

VID_20220202_153025_428x240.mp4

*003*2022-02-03 20:39

{{8 hours ago, Stinky Pikachu said:

Guys wetting leggings are always so adorable >w< That mustve been soooo warm~

}}

Thanks if was amazing! They were quite nice and warm when I was wetting but soon got really cold so I had to pee more to keep them warm.

I also went to few shops after in my absolutely soaked leggings

