Drunk wetting and bedwetting

Author: Malatesta

*000*2022-01-15 13:07

This episode happened when I was 21. At that time, I was discovering that I was into omorashi.

To celebrate the start of the summer holidays, a group of guys of my faculty organized a big beach party in a seaside town not far from our city. I was invited with other 2 friends of mine, and we decided to rent a small house next to the beach for three days in order to partecipate to the party. The program was simple: drinking and having fun from Friday morning till Sunday afternoon.

The first 36 hours had been gorgeous, I was only a bit tipsy and I had a lot of fun with all the people who were at the party. Meanwhile I lost touch with my friends, and I met them again only on Sunday evening.

But, Saturday at midnight, after many hours of slow but continous drinking, I realized that I was very very drunk and I began to feel a bit sick. I decided to return home but I was very slow and confused. At this point I realized I had to pee as soon as possibile, too: probably I was too stoned to be aware of it in the previous hours. I never experimented an urge growing so fast, I passed from "strong need" to "desperate situation" in 10 minutes.

I tried my best to reach my house in time but, when I was in the driveway, I felt I couldn't hold it anymore. I made an ultimate effort but, in front of the difficulty of opening the door being completely drunk, I lost control of my bladder and I soaked my briefs and my shorts. What a sensation in that moment, a sensation of full satisfaction.

Luckily I was alone and none saw me, so I could carefully coming into the house and trying to fix the mess. I slowly put my underwear and pants in a plastic bag and I took a 1 hour long shower. It helped me a lot and, after the shower I was able to dry myself, to wear a shirt and a pair of briefs and to collapse on a sort of futon.

Next morning, I was awakened by three strange sensations: 1st, the nasty taste of the hanghover in my mouth; 2nd, an horrible smell in the room; 3d a feel of cold in the bottom part of my body. After 5' minutes of confusion I realized that I wet the bed. That was not a simple wet, but a fucked flooding, all the alcohol in my body had decided to go out that night. Surprisingly I was not ashamed or shocked, but super-excited. Before I woke up, I had one of the best jerk off session of my life.

Then, I opened the windows, I put the futon and my clothes in the same plastic bag, I took a shower and I ran to the nearest coin laundry to wash all the peed stuffs. I managed to save the situation but when my friends came back I had to confess them what I made and it had been very embarrassing but also "hot". I had a hardon all the day.

