Indian Road Trip Desperation

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-08-17 16:38

Hi everyone, I'm sorry its been quite some time but work's really been hectic. Anyway, last week we had a 3 day weekend, owing to which my friends and I decided to go on a road trip to Pondicherry. Pondicherry is basically a small union territory in tamil Nadu, and about 7 hours by car.

Despite asking about 7 friends of mine, only 3 ended up coming. Sakshi, my girlfriend who is 19, Meghna, her younger 16 year old sister, and Sam, a 17 year old classmate of Sakshi's sister. We left early on friday morning, around 6 o clock.Though it was extremely difficult to wake up Sakshi, we all eventually ended up getting out of the door on time. We loaded our bags into the car and set off.

As I drove through the winding freeway, I glanced over my shoulder, looking at Sakshi and Meghna sleeping. I couldn't help but wonder if I'd get to see anything exciting during the next 7 hours, as restrooms were few and far between, I thought to myself with a giggle.

However, my innate asshole's dreams were sent for a toss as we turned onto the NH 13 express way, and saw it dotted with fuel stations and Dhabhas. As if on cue, Sakshi stirred, roused herself, and suggested we turn in to the next Dhabha for breakfast. I nodded in agreement and turned into the service lane at the next opportunity. When I pulled in to the Dhabha, Sakshi was waking up Meghna and heading into the restaurant. I followed her, leaving Sam at the car with Meghna. I knew I couldn't prevent there from being Dhabhas on the road, but at least I could try to keep Sakshi from availing of the rest rooms.

Surprisingly, I didn't have to do a thing. Sakshi went straight for the food counter, not giving the washroom door so much as a glance. She ordered a plate of idly and a coffee, I went and ordered the same. By this time, Sam and Meghna were groggily stumbling out of the car and into the restaurant. Sam vanished into the gents and Meghna walked into the Ladies. I watched Sakshi down a full plate of idlies followed by 2 coffees and my curiosity was piqued. I had never before witnessed or been privy to any poop related desperation from Sakshi.

Sure enough, 40 minutes down the road, my stomach was in turmoil, having eaten the exact same thing as Sakshi. I was excited, at least a little, in the knowing that Sakshi would be in the same state as me. I passed her the bottle of water from which she took a couple of large swigs and I drove on. Sakshi was now sitting in the shotgun position and Sam and Meghna were whispering in the back. We drove on for another couple of hours and I looked into the rear view mirror more often than I should have, in search of any hidden signs of desperation from Megha or Sakshi.

Eventually I noticed a faint squirming on Megha's part; perhaps she was fine, perhaps it was merely my eyes deceiving me, but I could have sworn I saw her continually crossing her legs and occasionally leaning forward. I was speeding along as fast as possible, fully assured in the knowledge that the Wayanad forest range lay ahead. Inside that range, you weren't allowed to stop or get out of your car owing to the density of wild animals in the reserve. I knew this having already had one experience with Shruthi on the roads of the forest.

Finally we entered the forest range. I took a deep breath and slowed down, aware of the long bathroom devoid stretch ahead. Sure enough, within 5 minutes Meghna piped up from the back,

"Hey, could you guys pull over at the next fuel station that you see". We replied in the affirmative and didn't ask anymore questions.

10 minutes on however, Meghna was rocking back and forth, a petite hand clasped between her teenage thighs.

"Seriously guuuys, vould you pleeeaaassse stop the car soon, mujhe toilet bhaut zor hai! ( I really need to use the toilet) "

I laughed to shrug off any suspicion and affirmed her of such, although I knew full well the closest stop was just under an hour away. We drove on through the fields and the thick green jungles. Then, at one point, we heard Meghna moan loudly. I turned back to check on her and was shocked. She was way too desperate. I had expected her to be nearing her threshold as we were near the end of the jungle but it seemed as though she was already nearing it. She leaned forward, till behind Sakshi's ear and whispered in a voice just barely audible to me,

"Sakshi, get him to pull over, I really can't take it!"

Sakshi clicked her tongue disapprovingly and chided her sister, telling her to hold it. Meghna slunk silently back to her seat. Sakshi did look more than a little concerned however and after 5 minutes turned to me and whispered,

"Baby, is there anywhere you could pull overe, I think Megha really has to go to the bathroom..."

Genuinely concerned about Meghna I told Sakshi about the highway and the strict no stopping rules. I explained that criminal charges could be litigated against us.

Sakshi nodded gravely and turned back, whispering to Meghna who moaned in agony, rocking back and forth.

10 minutes on and I hadn't heard any complaint from Meghna, I almost thought she'd make it to the end when suddenly she blurted out,

"Susu AA GAYA!! Main rukh nai sakhthi hoon. RUKHNA !! RUKHNA!! " (I can't hold it, stop!)

I turned back to try to explain the trouble we'd be in if caught. While explaining to her however, I noticed a tear run down her cheek. I glanced between her skirt clad legs to see a clearly visible wet patch on my seat.

I slammed the car to a halt and Meghna jumped out of the car, squatting behind the door and conveniently, right in my rear view mirror's line of sight.

Meghna had hiked her skirt up before she was fully out of the car, allowing me to admire her pink panties. She deftly pulled them down and squatted, bar-assed, on the side of the highway, a river erupting from between her lips, splashing loudly upon the asphalt floor. I looked on as the stream died away into a trickle then drops. She stood up, pulled her wet panties back on, and quietly got back into the car, no doubt embarrassed about having caused a scene. She muttered a sorry and we drove on.

We drove on and left the forest pretty soon. At this point, I thought the best of the trip was over and couldn't wait to get my hotel roomand jack one off when Sakshi leaned over to me and whispered in a forced yet desperate matter of fact manner,

"I've really gotta take a dump"

And my heart flew off.

To be continued <not much more, will be posted soon>

*003*2015-10-13 18:39

I looked at her in surprise but quickly steadied my composure and said nothing more than "Don't worry, we'll reach soon."

Though the situation was right out of a fantasy, I was forced to begin to think of a means for me to relieve myself, the weight in my stomach having become significantly heavier throughout the day. I attempted to put my mind away from the pulses of my distending bowels and focus on the road ahead.

I kept thinking on Sakshi's plight. She hadn't visited a loo for as long as I had. She had eaten just as much as me (that too idlis and coffee) and must have been as mind-blowingly desperate as I was. How the hell was she managing to look so composed??

Unfortunately, within the next 10 minutes, I was a gone case. My bowels ached, and rocked me with cramps causing me to double over and press my ass firmly onto the seat. I was in trouble, screw trying to keep Sakshi desperate, I needed to stop at the very next toilet I saw. Luckily for me, as we turned the corner, I saw a shady roadside bar. Given the time of day ( late evening ) and the drunk men swarming around the place, I knew that Sakshi would most certainly not risk trying to use the bathroom here.

I stopped the car on the side of the road, lied about darting in to grab some beer, and rushed as fast as my clenched legs would allow me into the small 5X5 foot bathroom stall with a shit-stained hole in the centre. I frantically tore down my jeans till my lower thighs, squatted awkwardly and emptied myself completely. Less than a minute later, I had cleaned up, pulled up my pants and left the stall, stopping at the bar on the way out to buy a couple pints of beer and a quarter of old monk.

I raced back to the care, hopped in and set off as Sam, Sakshi and Meghna fell upon the alcoholic spoils I brought. I driving the car, wasn't able to drink anything but was fine with it, telling myself that I'd drink when I reached there.

It was now 11:30 at night. Though I wasn't completely lost, I wasn't too sure where we were. We were somewhere on the outskirts of Pondicherry although I couldn't tell where. Everything was shut and flickering street lights provided the only audible sound. Sakshi turned to me and whispered,

"Hey um.. Any chance you could pull over at the next Gas Station, I need a restroom really bad.."

I looked at her, genuinely concerned and sympathetic, remembering my plight, and promised to pull over at the next chance I got. However, I told her, there was a good chance that they were all closed. She looked down dismally and was rocked by a slight contraction in her lower stomach, bending over in pain and desperation.

Within 10 minutes, I reached the heart of the beach town Pondicherry. Unfortunately, everything was closed. The hotels had shut, the concierges were fast asleep and not a soul would give us a place to stay. Meghna and Sam, having consumed the bulk of the beer, began to ask me to look for a restroom. Sakshi piped up in the affirmative.

I proceeded to aimlessly drive down the deserted streets, knowing full well that there wasn't a single open restroom in sight. This went on for a good 15 minutes until, by a fluke, we ended up driving parallel to a remote deserted quiet strip of beach, as empty and serene as possible. It took the couple of minutes that we were driving down that road for me to build up the courage to ask,

"Guys, nothings open in the city. I really think our best shot is to spend the night on the beach, this one looks nice."

Though Sam scoffed, obviously taking it as a joke, I was lucky that Meghna peered out of the window and begged we stop here for the night. Entranced equally by the endless expanse of stars above us as by the painful resounding of her bladder. Eventually, after a pretty one sided argument, we got out of the car, and, taking our old monk and beer with us, proceeded to go sit on the cool sands of the beach.

Within 2 minutes of sitting down, Meghna expressed a desire to go swim in the water. Not waiting for our thoughts on the matter, she got up, wriggled out of her jeans under a tree, and wearing only her pale blue panties dashed into the water, as her water no doubt dashed out of her. Sam, getting a clue of what was happening, said he would give her company and went into the water as well.

Sakshi knew full well what her sister and her friend were doing beneath the water. She knew that as they were talking casually to each other, talking about the beauty of the sky or the coldness of the water, they were wetting, violently emptying their bladders simultaneously as the water around them warmed. Sakshi was incredibly jealous and pissed off that she couldn't get relief that easily.

As I was sitting next to her however, it gave me a chance to further the topic.

"Hey...... are you doing okay?...", I said shyly.

"Not really", she whispered in a strained manner after a couple of seconds. "I really need to piss right now."

"Do you want to go into the water?", I asked her.

"I would but....", it took her some time to continue,

"But I won't be able to control my bowels if I have to stand, walk, and then stand more in cold water and relieve my bladder. I won't!"

Not being able to think of any other alternative, and not wanting to suggest the idea of squatting under a tree this early on, I reassured her that she would be able to control her bowels. I promised her that she'd easily be able to make it there and back and, after having emptied her bladder, it would be a lot easier for her to hold her shit till a proper bathroom was found tomorrow morning.

She took a few deep breaths, and, falsely reassured by me, stood up and began to wobble towards the sea. She had barely taken 3 steps however when she held my arm tightly and froze, crossing her legs tightly, face contorted with painful concentration. She gasped, though it was probably as loud as she could talk,

"I can't! I can't!", in a desperate whisper. As she said this her body tensed up and she began to sit down. I caught her and held her upright. I pushed her towards the sea telling her she was almost there. This, for her was definitely the last straw.

A loud fart cut through the air, etching a mortified and deeply shocked look on Sakshi's contorted face. Meghna heard the fart from the sea and laughed. But I, being present first hand knew that it was much more than just that. It was the final breach in a faltering wall.

Sakshi's face quivered with shock and relief, her body tensed up and the ass stretch of her patiala leggings drooped considerably, no doubt sagging under the load of shit being forcefully expelled from her thin brown ass. This happened in complete and entire silence for about 5 seconds until another sound made it's presence felt.

The gentle hiss and patter of steamy urine on the sand made me turn to her questioningly. She bowed her head and sniffed, still standing absolutely tensed and frozen in spot as she unwillingly filled her panties and drenched her fanny kurti pant legs. The urine accumulated in small pockets of the sand and judging by the smell, the content of her panties was spiling down her legs. The shock of emptying her shit into her panties must have caused her bladder to falter. In this case that was more than enough to release the torrent.

I held her hand and let her to a floral enclave beneath a coconut tree and told her to remove her leggings quickly. Sakshi still appeared to be in shock but was acting quickly. Small streaks of urine dotted the gaps between Sakshi's wet footprints.

Sakshi stood under the tree and I stood, my back facing her. I heard the telltale rustling of clothing on skin as she gingerly took off her soiled patiala and, placing it aside, even more gingerly removed her soiled dripping panties, throwing them underneath a nearby bush.

I thinking she was done, turned around to console her but to my shock saw her squatting with her legs wide, ass facing me, no lower body clothing to restrict her movement. She had her legs spread very wide, much more so than girls normally spread whilst relieving themselves.

From my vantage point, I could see her perfectly spread brown ass and a thick turd emerging from it as a stream of urine ran down to greet my feet. I turned the other way quickly.

When Meghna came out of the water, I explained Sakshi's accident to her and got a spare pair of pants. Sakshi never really blamed me so I'm okay :)

*005*2015-10-14 16:15

Well it was quite bad. It wasn't Diarrhea, she wasn't sick or anything, just hadn't gone in a really long time. It did come down her legs though I'm not too sure as she washed her leggings in the sea that evening. It definitely stained her panties though. I went back to the bush and looked at them later on in the night (don't judge, I know you all would have done the same :P) and saw that they were complletely soiled beyond salvage. She was wearing normal light purple cotton panties, very regular nothing special.

On the second note I didn't talk to her about it as she seemed extremely embaressed about the entire incident.

