First desperation play, plus wetting

Author: AlphaShepard

*000*2019-04-24 21:18

So I posted earlier about my first wetting experience

, which was a bit disappointing since I a) skipped the desperation phase, and b) wet in just my underwear, so I didn't get the full wet pants experience.

Since then, I practiced peeing standing up a bit by peeing in the shower whenever the opportunity arose, and practiced holding a bit, but couldn't do much else, since I live with my retired mom who's almost always home. Luckily, though, she occasionally volunteers at craft shows, and those are usually when I get to let loose and have fun, since I know she'll be gone the whole day.

So a few weeks back, a craft show came up, giving me the day to myself. Learning from my previous experience, I knew that I should get myself nice and desperate to avoid my shy bladder holding me back. So I found the milanova site

, and decided to do one of their omo challenges. I also decided to do it in an old pair of jeans instead of just underwear.

I started the challenge when I was already feeling the urge a bit, and didn't really keep track of how much water I drank, but I lasted a good hour or so before I got desperate enough to move into the bathroom. I'm not experienced enough to rate things properly, but I was at the point where if I was in public, I would make a break for the bathroom.

Now, before I'd gotten to this point, I'd set up a make-shift stand for my phone so I could record myself, so I quickly turned on the camera and hopped into the shower. I didn't think I'd be able to hold for very long, but I actually managed a good 20 minutes before I let go. I might have even been able to go longer if I'd really wanted to, but I'll admit I got a bit impatient.

The feeling of wetting my jeans was so much better than just my underwear. Feeling that warmth spread as I got soaked was just... Amazing. It's hard to tell on the video because my jeans are dark coloured, but I really soaked them good. And while I didn't stay in them long after I finished, it's something I'd like to maybe try next time. I was surprised by how quickly the pee cooled, and I'm curious about how it would feel to walk around in cold piss-soaked jeans.

I've uploaded the video in this post, as well as here

.

20190416_144020.3gp

