What a week! Planned wetting that went slightly off the rails

Author: LilMiss

*000*2021-04-18 05:20

After the incident where I peed in my drivers seat after getting my covid vaccine the other day, I thought I might capitalize on what already happened and have some fun. I hadn't had a chance to clean my seat yet...so I thought of another drive with some rapid desperation, maybe wearing a pullup to save me more cleanup than I already needed to do.

Then a friend suddenly texted and desperately needed a ride somewhere. In 15 minutes. Eep. Didn't really feel like explaining the seat (still damp).

So, trying to think quickly, I sprayed it with febreeze, and then got some car cleaner in a spray bottle. I threw the bottle on the floor of the passenger's side, wiped half of my dash clean with a wet wipe, put a garbage bag and towel on the seat and raced off to get her. I explained to my friend that I was going to clean the inside of my car before picking her up, and put the spray bottle on the driver's seat and lo and behold it leaked a whole bunch of cleaner! So that's why my seat was how it was...and she totally didn't think anything of it (the last time she was in my car it was super dirty, so having half the dash clean made it all seem more plausible). Whew. I'm quite sure I overthought that but I was a bit panicked by the unexpected request!

After I dropped her off I was way on the other side of town, very near a particularly beautiful drive. I decided since my seat needed to be cleaned anyway I would drink fluids, try a rapid desperation thing, and if I had some dribbles on the way home....who cares. I knew I had a pullup in the car and I planned to change into that after I started feeling a need to go (I already have some OAB and urge/stress incontinence issues so I keep pullups handy).

I stopped at a store, and grabbed a 2 liter of lemonade. I drank about 1 liter quickly and soon stopped at a fast food place to pee. Then drank another half liter or so as I continued on further out of town into some wonderful scenery.

At some point I came upon a road that I remembered would take me through this absolutely gorgeous canyon area, and I thought I remembered a bunch of pit toilets along the road because fisher(wo)men are often there. Seemed perfect, plus it would be remote...which I craved today, and I didn't think anyone would be fishing in cold weather with snow here and there.

I really started to have to pee again quickly as I was driving the 25 miles on windy and sometimes gravelly road. I realized with a start that I never changed into the pullup at the fast food place. Argh. Oh well. I can probably find a place to change into it quickly.

About 15 miles later I saw a pull off with a pit toilet that was my salvation...I was so sure. Grabbed the pullup, some TP, and unfolded myself incredibly carefully from my driving position. When I stood up....horror of all horrors....my stomach gurgled....and we've all been there on a hold, am I right? Don't worry...I won't say much more than that. But oh no no no. Not a 2-for-1 deal. That's not gonna be a thing with no other clothes with me and now at least 2 hours away from home. A bit of panic.

I clenched with all my might and walked (waddled) to the door of the outhouse. I pulled it open and omg. Worst nightmare public toilet. I'm guessing the forest service (or whomever) isn't monitoring or cleaning yet (?) this season. It was horrific and I quickly shut the door, shuddered, and tried not to gag. Seriously, worse than any gas station bathroom I've ever seen.

So that one was out. I thought of putting on the pullup there (behind the car door or something) or even popping a squat but oh the horror of contemplating that with what was brewing inside.... and literally as I'm thinking about it, 2 cars go by...slowly...and they both look at me. Ok so that's not gonna happen.

So I very...very... carefully got back in and drove off clenching everything like my life depended on it. Which is not easy with a stick shift on a gravelly road. About 5 minutes later I pulled off on the next pullout with a pit toilet. And another SUV pulled in from the other direction and stopped. A guy looked at me from inside. There was also an empty car parked....not sure where that person was. I genuinely felt like I was going to lose it right then. And that would be the worst possible outcome. I thought I would be sick. I had already lost interest in my hold...who cares. I just was desperate not to have the other kind of accident followed by the one I'd originally planned because ugh omg my car. And 2 more hours of driving.

At that point, my urethra was doing that spastic thing, desperately wanting to pee. And boom...my heart starts pounding and....spurt. clench clench clench. I feel some wetness but it stops.

I actually lifted my butt off the seat and twisted a bit in pain to try to keep everything in. A person wandered up in waders from the nearby fishing spot and I just couldn't get out of the car at that point. I was thinking I could hide the leak from those 2 people, but if getting out of the car caused me to lose control in either way in front of these guys, I felt like I would die. This all felt like it was quickly becoming a nightmare. I was sweating profusely.

I quickly drove off, spinning a bit on the gravel, and found a 3rd location with only 1 empty car. SO thankful but still not in the clear. I get out, clenched all the way and actually made it to the toilet which thankfully was not horrid. Whew. Got my pants down just in time. I was trying to hold in some of the pee because I usually can't separate those two. Took care of the most pressing issue but I couldn't stop the dribbling and finally just pulled up my pants and it more or less stopped.

I sanitized the heck out of my hands when I got back to the car and slid in the seat again. I was soooo relieved to have avoided total disaster.

As I started driving again I realize I still forgot the pullup. Are you kidding me? Whatever. Kinda over it by now...I need to clean the seat already.

Seemed like my need to pee had evaporated. Probably peed more than I thought earlier. Or just the overwhelming stress of it all.

I noticed I still had a little wet patch between my legs that I was enjoying so figured I would still salvage the drive. I drove another 10 minutes and suddenly had to pee like crazy! I tried to figure out if I wanted to test another pit toilet (kinda not), or just try to hold and see what happened (yeah... that sounds a bit naughty and well-deserved fun at this point). It really sounded nice after all the stress I'd been through.

Well what happened is I couldn't hold it. Like, at all. My urethra started doing the spasms and then pee just started coming out and I couldn't stop it. And it kept coming. Spurt...dribble...slow dribble.

I pulled over because I wasn't planning on this much pee tbh. It was pooling between my legs and about to spill over on the floor. I felt both pant legs get wet in the back...behind my knees and start spreading downward. I grabbed a jacket from my passenger seat and stuck it under my butt and the pee just kept coming out in waves. I pulled the jacket up between my legs to soak it up. Meanwhile people are driving by...way more people than I thought.

I started having panic thoughts that my car would break down or something and I'd have to get out of my car. Or I'd be pulled over, etc. Like my brain was just reeling, and yet I was also super excited/happy? It was a beautiful day, my car seat was already toast, and rapid desperation had worked way better than I'd ever experienced. Maybe after the events of Thursday and then earlier, I just wasn't in top "holding" form anymore (ok not that I ever am....)

So I basically managed to get it under control (or it just stopped) and pulled back out and kept driving on my way. I went though a coffee drive through and got a large coffee and downed it, although I felt really empty by that point and figured it would only serve to keep me up tonight.

I was still about an hour and a half from home. Within 10 minutes I felt totally desperate again. I would try to hold it but I had almost no holding power left. I just kept peeing myself at fairly regular intervals...all the while driving (rural area, hardly any traffic). I could feel the back of my pants soaked, and I I was feeling my socks and Chuck Taylors get wet. Definitely also not the plan but....it's all washable I guess.

I took a detour to a lookout spot as the sun was setting. At the top there was only one car in the lot and it was empty. So I took a risk and got out of the car to see just how wet I was. When I stood up, more pee came out. I moved the jacket and holy shiz everything was soaked. I snapped a couple quick pics (sorry not the best...hard to take them of myself) and drove another 45 minutes to get home...intermittently peeing off and on with almost no control. Pulled in as it was really starting to get dark and saw the outside light was out on my apt blog. So had a bit more cover as I did the walk of shame but who knows if anyone saw me out their windows.

I will definitely be sleeping with protection tonight! Thanks for reading... I hope the retelling wasn't too tedious. Such a rush though. Wow. I'm still kind of experiencing an afterglow from it. So many emotions in so many different directions. All-in-all, I guess I have to recommend the vaccine that started all this!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-04-18 17:53

{{3 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Wow! Your writing made me feel I was right there with you. Has your bladder control returned to your normal?

}}

No not yet really. I went to a movie late last night (alone, something I enjoy doing on occasion) and I wore full protection because there was no way I'd risk an incident. The whole time I was watching the movie, I kept having strong, sudden urges and then I'd just start going. And I couldn't stop it. Which is already a thing I unfortunately (?) deal with anyway, but this was definitely ratcheted up a notch...or 10. Thankfully I didn't experience any leaks but my butt was definitely much fluffier than when I arrived and my jeans were super tight to the point that I felt a bit awkward and was worried about being spotted. I left out a side door and waddled to my car in cover of darkness.

I didnt wear protection to bed initially because I thought it was out of my system but within about 10 minutes I had the urge to go and made it to the toilet just in time. Then 15 minutes later I was almost asleep and tried to put it off but started to almost pee so tried to get up, and had a little leak in my PJs on the way to the bathroom. I had to actually stop right outside the door for a sec and jam my hand down there and twist and stand on one foot for a sec until the dribble stopped. I have enough to clean today without adding carpet to that.

I did put protection on at that point but I just woke up a bit ago in a slightly wet bed (it's protected) so I'll be adding sheets to the towel and jacket and clothes from yesterday that I will wash later today. When I shower and dress I'll see how much control I have today. Glad you enjoyed my retelling! It's fun to look back on it all now since thankfully the worst didn't happen.

*004*2021-04-18 18:00

{{1 hour ago, ifeelgood said:

"and if I had some dribbles on the way home....who cares."

Task failed successfully.

You got a little spot there, I... thought I'd let you know. Hehehe

Thanks for taking us with you on this wild ride!

}}

Ha! Thanks for letting me know. It was definitely a wild ride and I think I might throw an extra pair of sweats in the car for any future scenic drives! Although tbh in hindsight the extreme adrenaline of trying to avoid a horrible other kind of accident in front of random people with no backup clothes made the entire day that much more exciting once I was in the clear. I swear I'm still on a high from it all this morning.

*005*2021-04-18 20:13

{{6 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Wow! Your writing made me feel I was right there with you. Has your bladder control returned to your normal?

}}

To further answer this question.... (sneezed...wearing a pullup)

$$

*008*2021-04-21 05:13

{{On 4/18/2021 at 4:02 PM, ducks said:

Managed to soak through a pull-up with a sneeze? Damn, seems like you may want something with a little more protection at this point.

}}

Yeah my sneezes are pretty epic sometimes, and are often in sets of 3 or 4. I can usually do ok on the first one but the subsequent sneezes can get me. In this case it might have been how I was sitting, too...but pullups do best with a slow dribble...not a violent pee explosion. I didn't change after this right away though, and enjoyed the oops naughtiness.

