Walked over in the collage toilet

Author: sunita

*000*2017-06-27 16:49

Being walked over in my collage toilet.

Basically in our collage we had two toilets, one for the boys and one for the girls both on the opposite ends of the collage, I was not aware of this on the first day at my collage. I had no friends with me and we hardly talked to each other on the first day. There was an intro session for 2hrs and we had to be let off that day. With around 45 min left to the session end my bladder complained of letting out it's contents. I somehow managed to control and after the session I asked one of the teacher "Where is the toilet mam?" She was in hurry and said "at the end of the building in the ground floor", before I could ask her which side of the building she turned and walked away. Huh I sighed at shock as I entered the boys toilet, at an instant second I did not realize it, quick!!!

I ran to the opposite end of the collage losing a couple of spurts in my new dress, on the way there. There were no one in the toilet, as I confirmed it to be the girls toilet as no urinals were there. :P. I opened the door of the 1st cubicle in urgency to get shocked yet again to see a boy, newbie spraying to the walls with full force. I again shot another big jet of pee in my jeans, hurriedly went into the last cubicle of the toilet, slammed the door shut. I lost another spurt a much bigger one before I yanked down my jeans and took the ever long lasting pee of my life. I peed and peed for almost like 3 mins.

*004*2017-06-28 10:44

{{7 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Btw it's college not collage.

}}

Ha ha, it was college going days na, thats why it is collage.!.

