Wet walk - May 15, 2020

Author: shywewe

*000*2020-05-25 22:09

I like going for long walks, and drink lots of water to stay hydrated. I really look forward to the summer months, when I can wet my pants while out for a walk. Sometimes, I wear black nylon pants so that I can walk and wee in secret. Other times, I piss my pants in a park downtown, then put my nylon pants on and walk back to the car. Or, I wait until near the end of my walk, and piss my pants.

On this particular day, it was a nice day and I wanted to go for a long walk. I stayed well hydrated by drinking 3L of water over the span of 25km. I stopped once after 12km to use the public washroom. I then continued on drinking and walking. When I was about 6km from my destination, I started to feel the urge to pee. Since I was only 6km from my destination, I figured that I would hold it and find somewhere close to where I was parked to have a piss. Well I managed to hold it another 3km, while I drank about 500 ml of a soft drink.

While waiting for a traffic light, I decided to dribble in my jeans. I only wanted a small wet patch, so that it was barely noticeable. Unfortunately, that did not happen and I ended up spurting more into my pants,

$$

'

After this small leak, I knew that I better find a place to have a piss. I had to walk about 4 blocks with my jeans looking rather damp. Wonder how many people driving by, noticed my pants were wet

When I found a secluded space, I set my camera up and then released the contents of by bladder. If you look in the downloads files you will find the associated video from this pants pissing. When I was done, the result was:

$$

The damage was very noticeable. I did this beside a public pathway. To save myself complete embaressmet, and and the need to walk through a mall parking lot, I put on a pair of black nylon pants. I hides the wetness underneath really well.

While driving home, I had to pee some more as that 3L of water was now wanting out. I drove home sitting on a plastic bag to protect the seats in my car. By time I got home and got the car parked in the garage, I had to pee some more so decided to warm up my jeans. So I sat in the car and let a good spurt go into my pants. I enjoyed the feeling of the warm wet crotch, and a warm wet ass. I did not want to pee too much, and get all over the place so waited until I could get into the bathroom. Here is a result of the damage that was done:

$$

$$

You can see the black nylon pants sitting on the floor next to me

I then proceeded to wet my pants one more time while standing in the tub. That was also included in the video that I posted to downloads.

After thoroughly wetting myself, I had a shower and washed my clothes. I am looking forward to wetting my pants again, and have another experience from yesterday

