Desperate on My Way Home

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2017-10-01 05:54

I had been studying with a friend in the library for awhile when we finally decided to start packing it up. I was in dark wash jeans but they certainly weren’t dark enough to hide a wet patch and a T-shirt. The weather had started to cool down so I had thrown on a leather jacket as well. I also wear a belt almost all the time.

I hadn’t even been drinking particularly much although I had drank a glass of soda with dinner hadn’t been to restroom in the 7 hours between then and finally finishing studying. I bid my friend fairwell and then started the walk back to my apartment. About halfway there I realize I have to pee.... Badly. I’m hoping I can make it the mere 5 more minutes to my place, I’d had close calls before and ended up on the toilet with nothing worse than damp panties but even as I was walking I was trying to press my thighs together and debated holding my crotch multiple times. The cold certainly didn’t help.

I pull my keys out of my bag as my building slowly comes into sight and as I step through the doors I’be already unbuckled my belt, knowing that the lobby would be empty around that time of night and that there’s no concierge to worry about. I hurry around the corner, knowing I’m practically home free since the elevator is right on the other side of the wall only to be faced with a large sign covering the doors stating that the elevator is out of service.

This is when panic began to set in. I’m clutching my crotch with one hand, my keys with the other and suddenly realizing I have literally no idea where the stairs are. I start running around the lobby’s twists and turns desperately seeking out the stairs and end up leaking into my jeans. I know I haven’t got much time left and seeing a propped open metal door I run in there hoping it leads to the stairwell. Unfortunately, no such luck. I see another door propped open and rush in there hoping for the best, at this point almost positive I’m going to wet myself.

I walk in only to discover I’ve walked into some kind of service area but at this point I’m absolutely bursting and have no idea where the stairs are. Inspired by blind panic, I do a cursory check for cameras and end up dashing behind the trash cans and yanking my pants and panties down in a rush before relieving myself right there on the floor.

Once I’d emptied myself, I ruefully pulled my panties and jeans back up desperate to escape from the evidence of what I’d just done. I did another glance for cameras and, after not finding any, prayed that there weren’t any lurking where I couldn’t see and quickly walked away from my puddle. Of course I found the stairwell shortly afterward and am now terrified I missed something but hopefully no one will ever know. Well.... except you guys

*003*2017-10-01 12:51

Felt bad and ended up returning to wipe up my mess with a towel before ditching the evidence in one of the trash bins there. Had another opportunity to check for cameras so it looks as if I am indeed home free.

*004*2017-10-01 12:53

{{2 hours ago, amberpee said:

Excellent story. Even if you had found the stairs in time, do you feel you would have made it into your apartment in time before the "dam burst" leaking pee forcefully into your jeans?

}}

Honestly, I probably would’ve lost it on the stairs. Perhaps that would’ve been even worse. There wasn’t a camera where I ended up losing it but there is one in the lobby and the first level of the stairs, probably just to track who’s coming in and out since there don’t appear to be cameras anywhere else in the building. The force of running up that first set of stairs probably would’ve jostled my bladder so bad that I’d wet myself before I even got up more than a few stairs, making a nice show of me soaking my jeans in front of the security cam.

*006*2017-10-01 13:52

{{Just now, BlueWetter said:

Sounds like if the floor wouldn't have gotten wet, your jeans would have..

}}

Honestly part of me wonders which is more embarrassing, wetting my jeans like a child or exposing myself to pee on the floor

