Desperation sighting and near wetting on a train

Author: Midd

*000*2017-07-22 14:27

Right for most of you who will not know me I am mainly a lurker on this sight but have just got back in from visiting Pompeii and witnessed some stunning desperation on the train back to the apartment.

I hopped onto the train, very run down and graffitied but fast, and sat down next to a few people, then we started to head back to piano do Sorento where me and my parents are staying, the train the stopped at a station and this absolutely stunning girl got on.

Due to it being high summer in Italy and it being 34 degrees outside This girl was wearing a white crop-top similar to her blond hair, showing her bronzed midriff to match the rest of her skin, and green micro shorts which in such a combo such as this left little to the imagination, it also left plain the large bulge around her abdomen which after a quick glance at her face I could easily see was full to the brim with pee! 

The girl kept shifting about and looking uncomfortable and due to us being on a crowded train she was forced to remain standing as it bumped along the track. she kept subtly pee dancing around in the carriage shifting from foot to foot, bobbing up and down and bending her knees, a very exciting performance for me as I could see how truly desperate she was to release the ocean of pee which must be pushing forcefully down on her urethra. Due to me being so close to her (I was sat literally 1 mere metres away from her) I couldn't continually stare at her although I was wearing sunglasses which I hoped would conceal where my eyes we looking.

As the journey wore on she got continuously more desperate with the knee jerking more obvious and with her hand holding her small black and white striped bag straying to in front of her crotch so she could give herself a good squeeze, she then was looking extremely uncomfortable and then started trying to secretly grind into the doorway of the train, which seemed to help as she continued switching from this to holding for several minutes before the train stoped again. this time the not as smoothly and she was jolted away front the relief of the door and her shocked and panicked expression clearly told me that she had lost control and leaked a few drops from her obviously overstrained bladder and into her panties, then as the doors opened onto the platform sheets forced to hold herself as she was pushed into the carriage and pretty much onto my lap.

Her curvy ass bobbing up and down before turning around looking down directly at me, who had not being expecting her to snap her head around so quickly! She blushed and turned away bobbing down again in sheer desperation upon catching me staring at her (what can I say? She was pretty sexy with a lack of clothes and the dancing!) and I looked hastily down knowing I was rumbled just as she gasped and a droplet of pee rolled down the inside of her thigh, this must of tipped the scales for her as she ran off the train onto the platform then froze and grabbed her crotch before briskly walking/waddling down the stairs away from the platform.

I didn't see her after that as the train pulled away but I could only imagine her making it to the toilets to find a long queue and know she had no chance of holding it, before fully soaking her panties green micro shorts.

Anyway that is my sighting done! As this is my first story C and C is welcome (although be nice!) and if you liked this then there are a few more experiences I can share too, from here on holiday and in college.

Thanks!

Midd

*002*2017-07-22 20:32

Great! I'll try to post them on in the next few days!

