My magical pants! (Plus video)

Author: toolateagain

*000*2016-11-12 21:17

Well, I have to admit that even though I made quite a few wetting videos in the past, I never dared to contribute to this site with my self-made content. Actually, only one person ever saw a wetting video of mine (and she liked it, but that's another story I will tell in the near future). However, let's change that! This is my most recent video. The background (yeah, it's not only simply peeing in the shower, it's peeing in the shower for a reason!) behind it is:

I woke up hungover (and way too early) and felt a slight urge to pee. I decided on wearing a pair of jeans and just let it go. As I said, it was only a slight urge, so I knew it would not be much. However, there was a small puddle on the floor, but - to my surprise - not any visible wetness on my jeans! Sure, it was wet from the inside and I felt it. Plus, my boxershorts were visibly wet. Nevertheless, for the first time ever, I peed my pants and it was not visible at all! I checked the jeans' material, but I came to the conclusion: It really is a typical pair of jeans. No special materials. I could not and still cannot explain why my pee just ran down my pants without showing.

Although of course I am used to pee my pants for pleasure, I never did anything daring regarding pee. Usually, I would make sure that nobody is around who could see or bother me in any other way and I stand on a towel and just let go in my pants. As I am used to live with others (family, flatmates) I think I have a good nose for the right moment to pee my pants - and to estimate when it's better not to do it. However, today was different. Also, maybe for you it's not daring at all, but for me it was.

So I just peed my pants, there was still the small puddle on the floor and I examined my jeans in disbelieve of what I see, when someone knocked on my door: It was one of my flatmates (I have three of them in total; two guys and one girl) and he asked me whether I am up to making wraps for lunch with him. My heart was beating heavily, because... Well, you can probably guess why. As I said, I also was hungover, so I was a bit paranoid that maybe I just did not notice the wetness from the outside of my pants. Also, if he looked closely into my room, he would have been able to see the puddle of my pee. I told him that having wraps for lunch sounds like a good idea and he asked whether I need anything else from the supermarket. I told him I was fine (totally, he he) and he went away. So, I could not believe it: I got away with peeing my pants!

However, that's not where the story ends. Maybe you know that feeling of being incredibly thirsty after a night out. It happened to me today: I was drinking soda, juice, cola... And lots of it! So I knew, I would have to pee again at some point. I planned on emptying a full bladder into my pants. As plans changed (since I was not hungry at lunch time, I asked my flatmate to postpone having wraps to tomorrow), I had enough time to prepare the happening. When I felt another urge to pee (this time a bit stronger than before) I knew I was not going to the toilet. In fact, I was not going to hold it in either (which I could have easily done).

I decided on just letting it out on purpose again. So, this time there definetely was more pee and my pants felt quite wet - this time also from the back. I inspected my pants again and: the wetness was not really visible. There was only one small spot (that's where the pee came out...) visible. And if you looked very closely and knew what just happened, you might have even noticed that on the back of my left thigh, there was a slight dark patch. However, I surely would have been able to get away with it again. What a magical pair of jeans I have!

I will just skip the following hours. I did not pee again and also got out of my jeans, to avoid any damage to my bladder because of cold wetness. However, after I finished my cola and juice, I started feeling full again. As I did not stop there, of course, I was pretty desperate after some time. To be honest, I did not feel that desperate for a long time. I was one of those desperations where I felt that it would be hard to hold it in before I plan on letting it go. Nevertheless, I waited a tiny bit more and when I was sure it was about time, I went into the bathroom and changed into my magical pants again. This was going to be the first time ever in more than two years living in this shared flat, that I wet myself somewhere else than in my own room.

So, I stepped into the shower, grabbed my smartphone and just as I started recording, I began to pee. Heavily. Of course, the feeling of relief was incredible, as my bladder was so full. Just as expected, it was way too much for my jeans: the wetness quickly began to show and spread - but to be honest: still it somehow was way less than in any other kind of jeans (just compare the puddle forming with the pee showing on my jeans and you might understand). Nevertheless it was clear: I undoubtedly peed my pants. And it was awesome. And even if my jeans couldn't handle my full bladder, I now know, that I own a pair of jeans that at least lets me get away with small wettings. Let's see how things will evolve in the future. ;-)

VID_20161112_204542.mp4

(4K resolution)

VID_20161112_204542_CLIPCHAMP_480p.mp4 (Lower Resolution)

(Screenshot)

P.S. Sorry for shooting the video in portrait mode. Things happened so quickly that I did not think of shooting the video in landscape mode.

*002*2016-11-13 00:28

{{28 minutes ago, Helena said:

Are they new? Sometimes new pants, and panties, will act that way. I guess it's some chemicals that disaperes after the first wash.

Can be quit funny, but I prefere when the pee soak into the fabric and create visible wet stains.

}}

You might be right, actually. I've never worn those jeans before... Also, I get your point. Actually, it would be the same for me: I prefer pee being visible if one wets. However, if I am the one who wets, having no visible sign of peed pants on the jeans is quite interesting, to say the least. :-)

