Wet herself in an exam

Author: Squirtainly

*000*2019-03-11 15:54

Two years ago I was doing my GCSEs. These are exams you take in England & Wales at age 16, and they're extremely important. This meant that, around this time two years ago, all my teachers were starting to freak out (more so than usual as this was the first year of exams on an new curriculum). Most of our lessons at this point consisted of previous exam papers, meaning that it wasn't unusual to spend a morning doing half of three different exams. As well as being stressful, this meant that the teachers were much less lenient with toilet breaks, which caused the following incident to occur.

It was a rainy spring morning. This isn't unusual in England, but it was nevertheless frustrating. Add on top of that the fact that English trains are fickle and often delayed, and you have me - alongside thirty other soaking wet kids - running into English as the nine-o'clock bell sounds. Trying my best not to focus on Carol Anne Duffy's Valentine, I made sure that I got distracted by anything and everything. One of these things which caught my eye was Alex (not her real name): she was five-foot two with light-blonde hair, a wonderfully small-yet-big arse, and a pair of big breasts which seemed huge on such a small girl. 

If my description is anything close to accurate, you should be assuming I just made her up. Naturally, she was the envy of the girls and the desire of the lads (and me). I specifically remember that she'd come down with a cold a few weeks before, and I noticed that she was drinking a lot of water (presumably for her throat). Immediately, I began daydreaming, but I was rudely interrupted by the teacher telling me to do work. By the time I was done, it was changeover.

Now, I don't know if Alex tried to use the toilet or not, but I do know that she wouldn't have been able to: the school kept the toilets locked outside of break. I didn't share German with Alex, so I don't know what happened to her then, but I did later learn from a friend of mine that her and Alex's French class was kept during break to finish extra work. Under normal circumstances, teachers wouldn't be able to get away with this, however, we were stuck inside anyway due to the aforementioned rain. This might be the only time I've ever been thankful for rain.

We had biology third period, and this was by far the best biology lesson I ever had: a lesson on the bladder capacity of a five-foot girl. The biology classroom was split into six tables of six students, and I was fortunate enough to be directly opposite Alex. I noticed immediately that she was tapping her foot at quite an astounding rate. Remembering how much she'd been drinking in English, I was immediately invested. Around twenty minutes into the exam, I saw Alex lean back and whisper to her friend. A few moments afterwards, she raised her hand and asked to go to the toilet: she was denied. Noticing that I wasn't focusing on the paper either, she mouthed to me 'I'm dying for the loo!'. Giving a silent laugh of condolence, I pretended to resume my work. About fifteen minutes later, Alex asked the teacher again if she could go to the toilet. She was once again denied. I watched her face drop as she realised she wouldn't make it.

I spent about five minutes pretending to be stuck on a question whilst secretly looking at Alex when it happened. I heard I little splatter followed by a sniffle from Alex. Nobody else thought anything of it: the rain was beating on the window panes, after all. A few seconds later, I saw a tear roll down her cheek and suddenly heard the undeniable drizzle of pee. As it got louder, the people at our table stopped and noticed. Slowly, the faint scent of urine began to spread. Around thirty seconds later, the drizzle stopped. Our table was sharing confused looks and Alice put up her hand: 'Can I go to the nurse, sir?'

'There's only twenty minutes left before lunch, what's wrong?'

Alice took a big sigh and then, before the whole class, muttered 'I wet myself'. Nobody stopped writing, but the eyes of the entire room turned to Alex, following the huge wet stain on the back of her skirt to the door, watching droplets of pee drip from the edges of her skirt.

After lunch, Alice returned to class in her tracksuit bottoms, staying even quieter than usual. Nobody spoke about it to her, but many people (especially the usually-envious girls) were very quick to start whispering behind her back about it. I honestly felt quite bad about it, and even worse for being turned on by it. Fortunately, with everyone focused on exams, it was only ever gossip for a week or two.

