Locked bathrooms at the park [quick video]

Author: themerger

*000*2019-01-30 02:31

I had the day off last week and spent an hour of the early afternoon hiking through a large wooded park near my town. Since it was a school/work day for everyone, I decided to visit what I had expected to be a pretty empty park. There are abundant trails and wonderful views of a small river that passes through the park. I did not anticipate wetting there, but I had two incidental motivations:

1. The park was (almost) COMPLETELY empty

2. The park bathrooms were locked! I have seen porto-johns there in the past, but I didn't know where they were exactly (not near the bathroom near where I parked anyway).

So...I capitalized on having a legitimately coffee-addled bladder :)

I was ready to tell anyone who may have caught sight of me- or my wet pants- that I encountered locked bathrooms and couldn't hold it. Though, such an encounter with anyone occurred. I felt like I released a lot, but I was wearing a heavy undershirt tucked into my pants, thus a lot was absorbed. It was quite a thrill walking back to my car in the brisk winter air (note the steam). I'm really trying to work my way to progressively more public wettings!

Park.mp4

*007*2019-02-04 20:43

{{On 2/3/2019 at 9:59 AM, Lils said:

Weren't you really cold afterwards? 

}}

Honestly, between the absence of wind and abundance of sunshine, no! I remained remarkably warm for the relatively short walk back to my car.

Thank you all for the positive feedback!

