The other woman

Author: Jaylah

*000*2016-11-15 03:18

Very recent ^^' I'm getting bolder and bolder lol, it's exciting to push my boundaries , my hubby too is excited lol

November 11th, it's a big day for my hubby, Remembrance Day and with his career in the army it's a big deal especially to him. Unfortunately I was moody and upset, frustrated, disappointed. After what his cousin did I completely shut the idea down in shame.. Disappointed that he never friggen put his foot down about his desires!! He said okay, he appreciated I tried and he won't ask or hint or anything, and he never allowed it to effect his way he feels about me, making me feel like a real bitch...he asked if I would at least still wear sexy intimate things and I told him of course, since we got married i switched everything over that could be in the thong family, I may be a woman..but I like feeling sexy. I like his attention and for all the chaos I put him in, for him of course. I know a few times I had to pee before we engaged in a good time , I told him I need to pee and I'll be back.

I noticed he look at my private region hoping but he kept silent. I remember crying in the bathroom at this point, I know it's stupid. I freaked out and I take it out on him...we never had the good time at that point, I used the bathroom and came out. He hugged me and asked me what's wrong. I was a mess lol i told him i hate humiliating myself it just brings me nothing but trouble. I also told him I don't want him leaving me for a woman that will indulge him.

He laughed at me but I was serious. He got me to sit in his lap and was comforted by him fixing my hair, brushing it out, styling it. He usually does but today it was more comforting then normal. I don't understand sometimes why I over react, I was bound to get caught at least once right? Peeing in what your wearing especially in public or an unfamiliar area can do that. He asked me if he indulged me. I told him you do what I hear most guys have a hard time doing, giving me orgasms, 1 is hard but 2-3? But he asked if maybe I had a turn on.

I think I knew where this was going, either he feels that I feel I'm the only one giving lol or maybe he wants to even it out?? I'm kinda tempted to have fun with it. I also took my anti depressants and I hate to say it, I started to think much more rationally lol. I told him before but he's to gentle of a man whos afraid he'd break. Hes 6.5 @ 275lbs and in good shape, I'm 5.5 and a half @ 130lbs. I can take it lol. I want it rough, I want to be limping, lol. Talk about feeling dirty and whore-y. I want him to want me so badly that he'll do what it takes to fuck me, to make me his slut, to do his bidding , to pee in "...Fear" so we talked, cuddled, and watched a sappy love story lol. (He's huge into love stories and happy endings, I like sci fi fiction).

It was the 12th, Saturday. He got up made breakfast. I felt fairly better this morning, i had the urge to be rebellious lol. We were gonna meet a few of his friends and their lady company and he asked me if I don't mind "showing off" I laughed at him and asked him what he meant. He wanted racy, sexy, dirty. I squeaked out in protest, he told me it's cool if I wasn't comfortable. In fast he told me to scratch that thought lol. I thought I was an air head, does he want a good girl that sits quietly in a nice dress and nice hair style who's shy and soft spoken or does he want a bad girl lol. I never been bad, naughty but not bad lol.

It sounded sexy but i told him I'll wear the red satin/silky gown with thigh highs with my hair up braided. Lol the first thing I thought was it'll look nice wet, I blushed at the thought but it's to nice of a gown and the washing of it is to complicated. Being the bad other woman is tempting and the thought was a turn on. My hubby made the arrangements with his army bros awhile ago, it's the one day they all have off so this was of the utmost importance! He had to go and help my brother and his girlfriend I told him I had to run a few errands and I'll meet him in 2 hours with coffee ;)

Where I really went was to a few clothing stores, I found a sexy top that had buttons, very sexy and another shop that had the perfect skirt. A black pleated skirt, kinda resembled a school girl skirt or a skater skirt, from a lingerie store. It was short but covered enough lol. My hubby isn't one for short skirts but my plan b is if the other ladies are good looking. I need to keep my hubbies eyes on me ;) (he's good tho ). I heard rachelle was visiting which made me upset but to break the ice I got her coffee too. I met up and she sat across the room and my hubby talked, semi argued. I gave my hubby his coffee and then hers. I went to her ear and whispered "if you want sonething to rise me about then I'll give u something" so I walked towards my husband and kissed him and proceeded to go on my knees. She said to get a room, I said pass me a blanket if you don't wish to see lol, she left. I was more teasing anyways ^^'

As we were getting ready he asked me if I would reconsider being abit naughty, even moderately. I said I'd think about it but I had a plan of my own. Possibly. I was able to carefully put my secondary clothes into the car without notice and we arrived at the establishment. Not our regular scene but it's nice. We even had a private area his buddies reserved. We were waiting for a three other couples. It didn't take long and the women were gorgeous, cock tail dresses fancy hair everything. And I'm in a red gown with my hair up in abit with a nice clip.

They were nibbling at they mans ears and flirty. We waited for one more yet. Omg it was Rachelle! How the hell did she get her clutches onto a respectful man, she isn't nice at times and just had a bad break up!! I felt kinda bad but she deserved it. (L8r I found out he is her ex fiancé brother who took pity on her, great :/ lol) I looked around and their boobs was showing , no guess work, rachelle was abit more modest, her dress came to her knees but I was "over dressed". The wheels turned lol. Do I risk wetting off my husband by dressing down or do I live thinking he may look at them instead of me...i asked to be excused. Used the prego card ^^''

All I heard was "she's prego??" (I'm not showing yet but a tiny tiny bump). I went to the car and got my other clothes and used the ladies room to freshen up. Okay so I was in my black button sweater shirt (thin material) my new skirt, black pantyhose and a thong one peice suit that is a push up for the twins. I'll be semi out of place now. I even quickly changed my hair style to reveal my hair length abit some. Trying for an authentic look with a slutty twist. Also when I'm horny I may do stupid things and having prego brain kinda clouds my decisions, my bad :)!!

I walked in and instantly I heard one guy say "who's the hotty waitress?" I Came to my hubby who's eyes widened as he reliesed it was me , I pulled his chair out some, sat on his lap facing him and kissed him. It was long lol. I introduced myself as his other woman lol.(my hubbies) and I straddled myself on his lap and made out. It was hot :)

I rocked back and forth slowly and he grabbed my ass hard and squeezed, I squeeked lol, gasped and left a huge mark on his neck, hehe. I forgot people were watching, If he wanted me right now, take me, I didn't care at this point. I sat back in my seat and pressed my hand lightly into my pussy through my skirt. I had to pee a bit and honestly didn't care anymore for that moment of time. D introduced me and everyone seemed nice, I felt his hand grab my thigh and squeezed some. So close but so far. Tease :( only I may tease, I decided to myself and so I waited. The waitress came and took our orders and D grabbed me again.

This was exciting! Better then footsies ^^' I grabbed his hand and managed to guide him to the covering of my skirt and under neath. I peed enough to get his attention, at first. I actually emptied myself without anyone noticing and used his hand to hold my skirt so it can absorb some of the pee. Let's just say HE wasn't getting up without being the center of attention. My face was so red someone was asking if I was hot. I said "yes, yes i am" and undid a few buttons, revealing to the slightest of what could taken as a bra. I later made suggestive gestures with the straw that came with my ice tea that really made it worse, for him. He wanted dirty. Sexy. He got it alright :)

Rachelle apologized and hope that I can forgive her. She was angry and hurt her fiancée left her, well cheated on her. I almost laughed but she did stop sleeping around since she met him though. His brother who happens to know my D well took her out, as a friend. I told her the damage is done. Well we we enjoyed the dinner and the company. My skirt was dry enough so I got up. I waited for D, he was the last to be ready and whoops, I tripped and my skirt didn't cover my ass worth anything. I let him see for a second before I got up. My bad ^^' I shouldnt be such a tease! He grabbed my ass hard lol and put his arm around me.

We walked out and I told him quietly I'm a bad girl take me home and show me how to behave ;) I told him I'm thr other woman today, I'll make his head spin with what I'll be doing for him aNd to him tonight. He distracted me with a cinnamon bun at a bakery, I told him my tongue isn't limited to just the frosting, it can handle something else. Omg lol he became noticible. I clung to his arm and smiled innocently at him. We had to sit down, so I put my hands innocently across my skirt and looked at him and smiled as sweetly as I could.

He asked what's gotten into you suddenly??

I giggled and said at the moment not you. He blushed and fell silent. No one was around I moved closer to him and told him he makes me a very wet girl. I peed myself on the bench. Oh god it was a lot. You could see a mini stream running off the bench onto the ground. I looked around and stood up. The back of my skirt was drenched and dripping. It's moments like this a one peice isn't the best choice but I'll make it work. My hubby was getting so excited he wanted attention lol. I told him to get me something to drink lol, he did. I didn't want to draw attention to myself just in case. He came back real fast, a coffee?! Wtf lol.

We walked but we walked in a different area. I sipped on my coffee and litterslly not a sole in sight. It's night, I'm kinda scared but I got a big man to keep me safe. He wanted to cut through a back way behind some buildings. I thought weird but maybe it's a short cut?? He told me to come closer and I did, I looked around, nothing. Coffee moves fast in me...oh fuck! He grabbed me and covered my mouth with one hand and began to finger me with the other. I struggled but omg he was incredibly forceful, I like this side of him. He pressed his hand against my skirt and out of "fear" I peed all over my skirt, his hand, down my legs, and he kept rubbing hard, he almost made me orgasm. He turned me around and litterally tore my nice top exposing me. I gasped but he pushed me to my knees and made me please him. Omg he was hard!! Omg I feel like a whore lol.

He told me to swallow what he gives me, mmhmmm, I did, after he finished with my mouth he lifted up my skirt and peaked aside my tiny covering that the one piece provides and rammed me hard into the wall, with full penetration. Omg he was savagely pounding me, my poor back lol, I didn't last. I had a huge hard orgasm, I screamed loud, he muffled me , I fake cried and pleaded for him to stop. After he took pleasure in me, I fell to the ground out of breath. He grabbed me from behind and dragged me to a bench. He's ready for round 3, I can't take it anymore. He lifted the back end if my skirt. Peeled the thong part aside, covered my mouth and made me sit slowly on his man hood. I tried to scream and grunt, the pain was unbearable.

After he was in all the way rocked me back and forth abit or side to side. I think it was rubbing him right. He fondled me roughly and I lost control of my bladder and pissed myself and on him. I wasn't fake crying this time, I was real crying. I could feel him cum and that only lubricated me abit to late lol. (I was willing!!! Just making sure I don't give the wrong idea about my hubby) I passed out shortly after. I remember coming too, I shot up and I wasn't in a room I know. I looked around and saw my hubby sleeping on the chair. He was in clean clothes, he must of showered. I saw my red gown hanging up in a closet. I was in a hotel lol.

My shirt was off, I was in my one peice, skirt. My thigh highs were ripped some. My ass really hurted, it was sore lol and I think my back was bruised. That was amazing though. He indulged in my wants with a bit to much enthusiasm. He even gave me consensual sex back door lol . Never again, but I was very happy he did that to me. I felt slutty but maybe that's okay, he's my hubby. I needed to pee really bad but maybe be the naughty other women one more time?? I got my hubby up, and I told him we can talk in the actual morning not at 3. I laid on my back with my head off the bed. I touched myself some and told him to put his 7.5" cock in my mouth, because I really need to pee. It made sense to me ^^'

He wasted no time lol, no sooner was I was pleasing him I began to pee, rubbing myself. I crossed my legs on the bed pressing down, the bed got soaked and he filled my mouth real fast as I emptied my bladder. After I finished and when he allowed me to swallow and breath some. I got up. I needed help getting un dressed and in the shower. I love hot showers with him, he whispered in my ear, "don't drop the soap" my eyes widened lol.

I got into my gown and we got new bedding lol. We watched a movie I wanted to watch and fell asleep. It was a good day today :)

