Water from a wine glass - I'm fancy af

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-09-23 22:42

Hi all! ♥

I just came home from my parents where I was in Sauna. I wish I had one at home. Anyway, my task is to study and study hard. I'm not really skilled at relaxing but that's something I really need for my upcoming study marathon hell. I cannot concentrate on anything if I'm stressed out and have my brain act like a pack of little monkeys. That's why I decided to do everything I can to steer my mind to a peaceful study-ready stressless state. As I decided to stay sober this weekend I'm only going to drink water - but from a wine glass to add a bit of elegance to my evening. Call it whatever, I just want to imitate drinking wine.

Sooo, my first step's gonna be a music. I need something calm but not anything too drowsy.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3FPwcaflCS8?feature=oembed" Let me fill my glass.

Now, this place is a bit messy, I need to tidy it up. I usually start with the kitchen but today my heart is in the living room so I'll go with that.

OH! I almost forgot! I need cozy clothes of course, I'll change them first. :)

Now, done. I have black overknee socks (They're comfy and really warm!!) and pink satin night boxers and a white tank top with a black text "BAD TO THE BONE"

Now, time to get some shit done, see you soon fellas!

Hi again. Living room is ready, it was easier than I thought. I put couple of candles too! I feel good. I've drank two glasses of water and I'm slightly desperate. Toilet? Noo, not yet. More water? Definitely yes! And a cigarette. Then I'll keep going.

Cigarette smoked and my third glass almost finished. It starts to get a bit tingly and heavy down there. But I feel light and almost like I was flying, similar feeling what you get when you swing. Is this happiness? I guess you could call it that. I don't know what I should do next. Maybe kitchen? Yes, that would be it. But first, more water. :)

Soo, I loaded the dishwasher but I really need to pee rn. This pressure is super strong and my bladder is trying to convince me that peeing myself would be a good idea. But I don't want to do that, not now because my panties are new, I bought them today. They're really cute, dark grey with black lace. I like them, I don't want to wet them. It's not their turn yet. I've lost count how much water I've drank already. I'm squeezing my legs strictly together and ofc, drinking at the same time. I'm not this easy. Back to work!

Okay, kitchen is almost done but I cannot continue anymore! It barely stays inside me, I'm swaying and waggling and I'm like a penguin when I try to walk. I bet it would have been a hilarious sight to see how I looked like when I swiped my kitchen counter tops with a cleaning spray, looking like a penguin and moaning like a kitten. Oh well, I guess I didn't sound like a kitten but OHHMYGOSH I need toilet NOW before I wet myself and my new knickers.

Ahh, what a relief, I feel much better now. It's strange how my mouth feels dry after all this water. No worries tho, I won't run out of it, haha. Let's finish the kitchen, shall we?

Beautiful! Now, I'm done with the cleaning, this is enough for me. Let's take a time to just relax, turn of the lights, do nothing, drink some fancy water, listen to the music - chill.

To be continued...?

*002*2016-09-27 21:23

{{5 minutes ago, Spurgle said:

Ahem.. Please feel free to continue. Really enjoyed reading this (again) ;)

}}

Haha, yeah, I was supposed to continue holding but after a few moments I didn't feel like it anymore.. :D

