First full accident!

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2020-06-08 03:40

I've lurked here before, however this is my first time telling one of my own stories! I've gotten more bold lately so I figured it was time to start a real account. Okay, on to the story.

I've done plenty of wetting in the past, everything from padded to peeing in a water bottle, but I wanted to have a real accident.

I started by drinking a large glass of tea and then drinking a glass of water about every ten minutes while watching a show. I was starting to get really desperate, around a 7/10, when a different sort of desperation started. I had to poop. Now I'm not really into messing so I had no choice but to use the toilet and lose the hold (vagina owner.) I was bummed, but the night wasn't over.

It was now about 10 pm. I had a big cup of green tea, about 20 oz, and then went back to watching stuff online. Same regimen. By midnight, I was starting to get desperate again. 8/10. When I had to start crossing my legs, I decided to watch a 20 minute creepypasta. By the end I was shaking, but still determined to hold.

I got up and changed into a pair of grey pajama pants and some light blue panties. I took off my shirt entirely, for some reason the cold air on my breasts always makes me more desperate. Changing clothes was difficult, but I didn't leak. I looked around for something else to do and decided to tidy my room. I'm on carpet so I absolutely cannot wet in here. I had to hold myself now and I was shaking badly. My breathing also picked up. I drew it out, though, forcing myself to bend and straighten in order to pick up junk off the floor. I downed two more glasses of water and then had an idea.

It was 1 am now, my family was probably asleep. I decided to go downstairs and get a glass of water from the sink down there. Every step down the stairs was a battle, I had to take breaks to hold. Finally I got to the sink and drank another glass of water, and got myself one more for the road. I took time to pet my cats and dally, though my bladder was screaming. I went to refill my cats dish and felt my first leak. It was big, pee trickled all the way to my knees. I grabbed my crotch and hobbled back up stairs. I could not afford to wet in the living room.

Finally, I got to the bathroom. My panties were soaked from the trip up the stairs and I was shaking so bad I considered giving up and using the toilet. I paced around until I felt another big spurt, and then a cold feeling. My hair stood on end. Adrenaline turned my stomach and I had to dart for the shower. I made it just in time as my bladder released, flooding my pants and making a huge puddle. I kept peeing for a long time, the rush was so good. Finally, it started to slow. I took a couple pictures of my pants and then stripped. I shivered, wet, in the shower, but the water was doing it's job. I intentionally released a second time, hot urine pouring between my shaking knees.

I turned the shower on and rinsed my clothes, then I sat down in the puddle and masturbated. I came so fast, and then something unexpected happened. I shat myself. So I guess I ended up messing anyway lol.

Thank you for reading!

$$

*005*2021-03-29 03:39

{{6 hours ago, mr-mid-life said:

That was awesome! Thank you! Very exciting! And I loved your pic too! I hope you weren't upset that you pooped your pants

Sounds kinda cute.

}}

No big deal, I think I'm warming up to the concept of messing just because I love desperation so much. It was unplanned, which I found exciting

*008*2021-03-29 20:31

{{4 hours ago, Padded_girl said:

Great story!

If you are more into messing some day, i encourage you to try laxatives! It's a whole lot of fun and wearing a diaper the cleanup is not that bad!

}}

I have considered it, though personally I find the cleanup such a turn off. The accidental messing is so common for me though, I hardly need laxatives. Just this afternoon I decided to wet my pullup and ended up absolutely unloading a full bowel. The feeling of being messy... I don't like it much. I ended up having to take a long shower before I felt clean enough to jack off, and by then the mood was ruined.

Videos of people having poo accidents though? Or the little sharp whines of pain someone makes when they have diarrheas? Gorgeous. Especially if they are diapered

*010*2021-03-30 01:13

{{2 minutes ago, ilikeadultvids said:

Love the description of the accident. Also, while it's not really meant as a laxative, I remember years ago that I got a bunch of Crystal Lite candies from Big Lots and ate a bunch of them. In case you are wondering, not only are they incredibly tasty, but they turn the contents of your colon to pure liquid. The beautiful thing about them is that not only does it make it harder to hold, but it doesn't even turn your poo into a gritty liquid, so aside from the pressure, there's no discomfort in the evacuation. It was actually a bit fun, if I dare say so, and I'm not even that into messing. Also, for the record, I did all of my evacuations in the toilet from this, but I thought I would illustrate for those who might see potential for additional fun.

}}

I really appreciate all the people giving me advice on messing! It's something I have barely explored, but maybe I should soon!

*012*2021-03-30 02:38

{{1 hour ago, ilikeadultvids said:

I haven't really done much with it myself. I just thought that if it would be helpful, I would share. Also, I envy your ability to have a full accident. Something I have strived for at times, but always either was in a lot of pain and decided to let go to relieve the pain, not really due to fatigue and loss of control.

}}

I spent a lot of time working up to having proper accidents, as silly as that sounds. I started with getting more comfortable letting go in general (removing the mental block) through peeing though my clothes over the toilet, peeing the shower, and eventually doing holds in "safe" settings like at the beach or pool. Once you have firmly instilled the concept that you /could/ pee yourself, it gets a lot easier for it to happen involuntarily.

On the physical side I highly recommend the rapid-fill method to avoid pain. The idea is that through caffeine and/or significant hydration your bladder fills faster than it can expand fully. You end up leaking long before you would actually harm your kidneys or cause significant pain. That is my preferred method for "accidents"

See if you can make it competitive somehow, try to last a certain amount of hours or do a holding contest. It helps a lot. Pullups and diapers are really good for when you are planning an accident, but you don't want to make a huge mess. That can also help with the mental block

Happy wetting

*015*2021-04-23 17:49

{{39 minutes ago, trekkie said:

That was a great story, and I love to hear about your experimentation afterward! Have you gotten into messing as well since all that? Also, what do you mean by the accidental messing being common? You have IBS or something?

}}

Messing is kind of fun when it's unexpected, I love the sudden loss of control. However, I don't intentionally mess because it's a lot to clean up, and personally, by the time I feel clean enough I'm no longer in the mood. Messing is more enjoyable when it happens to other people

To answer your second question, maybe? I have a whole host of health problems which contribute to having an irritable gut. I have to eat a very specific diet or I get very sick. Food allergies + autistic gut issues = unpredictable bowel. I've actually had a lot of people interested in messing stories, maybe I'll have to tell a few more

