Dominance

Author: Jaylah

*000*2017-02-12 06:49

February 8th, 2017

It's almost been a week since I've done any recent wetting, and it's been forever since I last played the role of a dominatrix. Dominika ^^

All day at work I was thinking about it, I ran a few scenarios in my head of how I want it to play out, but we all know sometimes it doesn't work. I gave my hubby a surprise text message and took a picture of my cleavage and an up skirt one, and sent it, though I'm not really suppose too. But knowing his plans only helped me to define mine. Once we visit Ivy, I think my hubby will be paid a visit by Dominika ^^

I found my old light blue dress I bought many years back in Edmonton. I made sure to get some black latex gloves that goes up my arm. One of my hubby's black belts will do. Black trench coat, Latex boots to my knees with enough flex, I was set, almost. Pending a full bladder;)

It was late, and Dominika was out and about. I had my hair up with some curls hanging down, I was gonna get me a man ^^'

I stocked my prey, and watched him head through the gate that goes to the back. I decided to quietly follow, catch him by surprise. I carefully opened the latched and snuck against the wall of the house. I peeked around the corner. Perfect! He's in the workshop and no one around :)

He was sitting on the chair reading a book, getting quiet time for sure, and a breather from his wife ^^

A perfect set up, a work table, support poles, everything a girl like me needs. I put my arm around his neck and leaned into his ear.

"Hello lover, nice and easy" I said with a lustful voice.

"What would your poor wifey say if she saw you with me?" I said poutful. I undid the belt I stole and placed it around his neck.

"Strip" I ordered.

He slowly removed his clothes, hmm, such muscle tone and a hot tight butt, watching him made me wet :(

I strapped his arms to the a rests and his legs to the base of the chair. I spun him around until he faced me where I leaned over to whisper.

"Your mine tonight" I was feeling so naughty and dirty ^^

" let me go Dominika" he pleaded.

I took off my trench coat and hung it.

I stood there with my boots to my knees, gloves to my arms, my sexy naughty light blue dress that has a black elastic lace gently around my neck. I had on black pantyhose and the blue lingerie thong one piece (that I wore on the cruise ^^).

"But lover, why would I let you go?" I asked looking at him rise.

"How could I let A man like you go? Your tied up at the moment" I teased And drank some water.

The motion light outside turned on and someone was calling for him.

!!!! ( I almost packed it up, it would be really messed up if they saw my hubby tied to the chair naked and me dressed the way I am!! but I was clever ^^' )

"Tell them your tied up at the moment but you'll be out when your done"

I cracked the belt.

He was a good boy and they went away. Goody ^^

I swayed back and forth looking at him with a pout.

"Your so sprung, what would your wifey say?" I taunted going up to him and sat on him.

"Dominika please" he begged.

"Hush it man slave" I snapped getting up.

I put the belt a bit around his neck like a leash.

"Talk back, don't listen, shy away, resist, ill pull it tighter" I promised.

"Okay" he sighed looking down

I walked up to him and lifted up my dress and set aside any covering I had.

"Please me!" I demanded ^^ getting all giddy and giggly.

I shoved his head in my private region until he made me climax. It was so hot, and it made me have to pee that much more. I looked down at him and saw he had a pretty big problem.

"Aw, do you need some attention?" I crouched down running a ringer a long the back side of his member. I ran my tongue from his jewels to his member under I rested my mouth on the tip. I stood up.

"Nope"

"aww, did that excite you?" I taunted At him.

I squatted some hovering inches above his manhood. I licked his lips with my tongue and leaned towards his ear.

"I hope you don't mind your women wet" I continued to tease. My bladder was full enough at this point.

I put my arms around th back of his neck and pulled his head into my cleavage and leaked a bit of pee in his throbing raging member.

"Shh" I hushed him before he could protest.

I continued to hover above his private region leaking a bit more stead. I pulled him harder into my chest and peed. It was a weird sensation this way and my poor victim had no idea on how to react. I never went out of my way to do this before ^^

"Oh my " is all he said ^^

"Shh shh" I giggled as I finished.

I stood up and looked down at him.

"Your a mess!" I scolded slowly stripping off my dress, revealing my lingerie onto him.

I walked up to him and shook my head.

"Silly boy, that won't scare me off to easily" I said pressing my foot on his chest gently.

I loosened his hands just a bit before I straddled him.

"Be a good boy and keep shush" I encouraged as I lifted myself a bit to move aside my covering. I could feel him enter in me, a moan escaped me, it's so big and thick, throbing even, it was so mine ^^.

I started to ride him teasing him. I kept going a few times to make him very close. I could feel him thrusting but weakly. I was in control, at the moment.

"Dominika" he started to say as I kept teasing. I was close too but this was fun ^^

Suddenly I felt his hands grab my butt and pushed me down and he thruster powerfully, he made me climax as he climaxed. I was very loud and he wasn't. I whimpered then got off.

"I see you proved useful" I said untying him one of his arms.

I got dressed and grabbed his clothes and put them around the corner by the door.

"Bye bye lover, your little wifey may be here very soon, bye bye " I said and left.

*002*2017-02-12 10:35

Im not a good dominatrix tho ^^' it's hard to be serious and assertive, if I logged all my failed attempts people would wonder if we ever got down to it , lol

*005*2017-02-13 00:03

I'm a bad girl ^^

*006*2017-02-13 00:25

One time i wouldn't listen to his warnings pleasuring him, he peed in my mouth, I'm never swallowing pee again so gross lol. We're not big into golden showers but it happens sometimes

*007*2017-02-13 08:46

{{9 hours ago, moiamigo said:

Lovely, I do like seeing pantyhose get wet.... love the fact you peed on him!! thanks so much!

}}

White ones get very transparent. It's the hardest to keep from showing ^^

*009*2017-02-13 09:02

I also wear black ones and nude coloured. I really like the sheer ones.

*011*2017-02-13 09:06

I love how my legs feel through my skirt wearing pantyhose, i almost never leave home without wearing pantyhose.

*013*2017-02-13 09:13

We indulge each other, maybe more then we should, I over do the wetting just a bit, sometimes he just wants to do it, without the wetting, sometimes.

*015*2017-02-13 09:19

True I guess... hey! Have u seen Ivy's pic before she changed it to the animated fairy? She had 2, one was A lingerie shot and the other she was sitting upon her knees outside?

*016*2017-02-13 09:24

I wish I was half as pretty as she is, but maybe I'm just feeling down. It sucks she's into Omo, I'm glad my hubby doesn't know or he'd make me stop probably ^^

