Hide and Pee

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-06-27 08:24

So this occured when i was about six and I was staying at a friend's house while my mom was at work. As I had run out of diapers during the school day, I was diaperless for this memory. I had changed out of my school uniform, and was dressed in a pair of dark blue shorts, and a green T-shirt. We were busy playing around in the yard, when one of his sisters suggest we play hide and seek. I agreed, and as my friend was the one counting, we all went off and hid. It was as I ducked into some shrubbery that I felt a pressure in my bladder. I would have answered the call and gone to the bathroom, but as my friend was already moving away from the tree he had been leaning against to count, I simply squeezed my thighs together, and held it, peeking through a tiny opening in the bushes.

It was around a few minutes later that I felt a dampness running now my leg. Looking down, I saw I begun slowly peeing into my shorts. Without really caring much, as I was used to going in my pants (albeit normally with the support of a diaper), and noticing my friend searching around where I was, I simply relaxed my bladder into my already dark shorts. After awhile, he gave up, and then it was my turn to search.

*002*2018-06-27 15:00

{{10 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Did the shorts totally hide the pee or did anyone notice?

}}

They hid it pretty well

*005*2018-06-27 17:30

{{6 minutes ago, blasseroz said:

I think that the hiding thing is instinctual, going along with preservation of one's privates. Growing up in forests, we still went 'behind a tree' when we had to as kids, although there was no-one around. We were pretty respectful of garden beds though, as most of these were food based zones.

}}

Make sense, I don't think any farmers would be too happy to find the neighbor kids pissing in their turnips

