Unplanned Wetting

Author: Avacado

*000*2018-06-29 16:17

Hey guys!

I'd say I'm new here but that would be a lie considering I've been scrolling around on this cite ever since I found out what omorashi was!

Anyway, I want to describe a quick wetting that happened to me last night. (For people who like descriptions... I was in my old navy t-shirt and dark blue panties. These are my pajamas so that's why I had very little on xD )

Also let me briefly explain something about me

I have an irrational fear about going into hallways at night/ waking up people in the hallway

I don't know how it developed but what I do to combat that is that I relieve myself in cups in my room and then pour them out in the morning

So when situations like last night come up.. well...

So last night my mom had slept over in my room, which is fine in retrospect but I somehow knew in the back of my head that I might have a problem somehow. Either way I was able to fall asleep without a problem, but around 3:00 am I wake up and like usual I have to pee BAD! (Though unlike the nights prior I went to bed after exercising and drinking tons) So I try to get up slowly so I don't wake up my mom, and as if on cue I reach for one of my cups and I'm about to go... but I forgot about my mom. I'm too embarrassed of the idea of her waking up to see me relieving in a red solo cup... so I get back up, (my bladder sloshing in the process) grab my iPad for light and hesitate when I reach the door

Now here's where my dire need to pee and my fear fought with each other And pee won quite easily as I felt a quick stream escape and quickly dampen my panties. With that I quickly turned the door nob to go relieve myself, but the sudden burst of movement cause me to leak even more and much more heavily and before I knew it my bladder gave in completely. It was a Current of pee, And the relief caused my legs to give out. 

As I collapsed to the ground and there was an audible rush of liquid cascading to the carpet, and the sound made my face go hot with embarrassment as I feared someone might hear. It didn't matter though cause I couldn't stop the not stream, and it stayed like that for a good 20 seconds. Once I was able to control my bladder once again I got up and did a walk of shame to the toilet where I released the rest of my bladders contents , got a towel and cleaned up the hot mess around my legs and found a clean pair of panties, and used the towel to clean up the puddle that settled into my carpet.

After that I was able to settle back into bed and hope no one would question anything in the morning (which so far no one has!)

Thank you for reading! I'll hopefully post more and more often if I don't procrastinate cause I have a few more stories regarding me and my tiny bladder.

