Another wetting in wooded public park (pic + video)

Author: themerger

*000*2020-11-05 22:00

Hey all!

I want to wet outside as much as I can before it gets too cold. I got the gumption to wet in another wooded, public park. I was nervously looking side to side as I stood in the middle of a small trail connecting two large fields. I had a pretty good view of one of the fields and noticed a couple cars drive by on the road in front of me. I was somewhat out of view from the waist down, due to a fallen tree in front of me (that I also used as a phone stand). I was about 100 yards away from my car and all the while anticipated that someone might approach at any moment.

As I approached my car, another car started coming up the road adjacent the lot. I stood for a few moments behind my car waiting for it to pass. Seconds after I pulled away I saw two bikers emerge from the trail I had just been on. Makes me consider what would've happened had I waited any longer

The only- and I stress ONLY- social benefit to COVID is that I could remain masked the whole time.$$

Park trail wetting.mp4

*003*2020-11-08 17:16

{{On 11/5/2020 at 9:59 PM, Barefoot247 said:

Nice wet. Jeans got soaked really good. In future videos can you please turn around and show the back of your jeans?

}}

Thanks! I'll definitely be more mindful of that in the future.

{{On 11/6/2020 at 9:44 AM, Wetsy said:

Loved the video..Great job

}}

Thank you! I'm in a pretty steady routine of making them every week or two

