Many things to give thanks for this holiday season

Author: cwpee

*000*2017-01-14 04:52

A lot of my good sightings revolve around a drive that we make frequently. In short, her ex lives about 30 minutes away and he managed to have it so that we always drop off and pick up the kids. We drive there twice a weekend, 2-3 weekends out of the month, for the past 3+ years. The thing of particular interest is that on the route we take there’s nowhere for her to pee.

When I say there’s nowhere for her to pee, that doesn’t mean there truly isn’t anything; there just isn't anywhere that she will go. I’ll get more into this drive on a later post, but all you need to know for now is that she won’t pee anywhere on the entire route we drive. She has been desperate so many times on that road that I can barely keep up with them, but this is the most recent one, and one of the best. In addition to her being desperate to pee earlier than almost any other occasion, there was also the bladders worst enemy - holiday traffic.

The kids were with their dad for Thanksgiving, and we were picking them up the following Sunday. For those of you not in the US, that is one of the most traveled days of the entire year. You are guaranteed to run into traffic, and the later in the day it is, the worse the traffic. Because of this, I wanted to get on the road early.

We’d been doing some shopping that morning and Jenna had gotten a coffee (the largest one at Starbucks). Once we got home we cleaned up the house, then drank some water because we had been sweating. We realized that it was close to time to leave, so we both peed then Jenna downed the rest of her coffee, which was still almost half full. We got distracted with a few things, and it ended up being another 30 minutes before we finally left - I grabbed a soda for each of us on the way out, plus filled up our water bottles.

As we pulled out of the driveway, Jenna swigged some more water, then opened her soda. Luckily, it looked like traffic wasn’t too bad yet. There weren’t any stops, but we were still going slower that normal. About 20 minutes into the drive, I asked what she thought about going to downtown on the way back for some pokemon with the kids. She immediately said “Yes, because I really need to pee!”

I didn’t say anything as I tried to make sure I heard her right. Had she just said that she really needed to pee? It hadn’t even been an hour since she went last, and it could easily be an hour and a half before we got home. I’m not sure how stopping in downtown would help her pee as it wasn’t any closer than home, but I guess she just wasn’t thinking straight.

I hadn’t even been thinking about her needing to pee yet so I wasn’t paying attention, but I now noticed that she she was sitting to the side with her knees tucked upwards to relieve some pressure. About 5 minutes later, she started digging around in the car. I asked her what she was doing; She said she was looking for anything she could wipe with if she was to pee outside. She didn’t find anything, though, and grunted in dissatisfaction before crossing her legs and leaning back in the seat.

She was silent for the next 5 minutes before she winced and grabbed her side saying “Oh man it’s starting to hurt my back now....” I felt bad for her, so I reached over to put my hand on her leg and told her I was sorry. I could feel her muscles clenching periodically as she said “Its OK, its not your fault.” As we got closer to his house, she groaned again and said “What the fuck!? Did I forget to pee?” She paused, then remembered “Oh yeah, I downed my coffee. Damn, that was stupid! I sure wish I could go pee in his house.” This really caught my attention as she has NEVER brought that up before. I was trying to think of something to say when she mentioned that his bathroom was probably worse than the nasty convenience stores she refused to stop in.

Holy Shit! Not only was she to the point of pain, but she was openly wondering about using her ex’s bathroom and we weren’t even to the halfway point yet! I felt bad for her, but it was her choice not to use the bathrooms or pee outside, so I couldn’t help but enjoy it some.

We finally arrived at his house, and thankfully there wasn’t a train blocking the path. I was focusing on hurrying up so I didn’t slow down at the train crossing as much as normal, causing her to wince in pain and hold her bladder when we crossed the tracks before his house. When we pulled up to his house and saw that everyone was still inside, she sighed in exasperation at the seconds this would add to the time it took to get back home.

She went up to the door and threw her hands up in the air, clearly frustrated that they weren’t out yet. She knocked on the door and did a mild curtsey while waiting for him to get to the door. I could see her hands balled into fists, but she returned to normal while once they came out. She ended up talking to their dad for almost 5 minutes, successfully hiding her desperation the whole time. When she got in the car, though, she immediately clamped her thighs together and said “Good god, I have to pee!” It had been 30 minutes since she first said she was desperate, and it only seemed to be escalating.

She immediately started asking the kids about their weekend with their Dad. I went slower over the tracks on the way out, but she stopped talked and winced at even the minor jolts. As we were waiting to turn back onto the highway, I told her that I would hurry as much as I could. I normally don’t bother passing anyone on this road because it’s so busy, but at this point it seemed like every minute counted. When I passed a string of 3 cars a minute later she practically shouted “Oh thank god!” but I rapidly got stuck behind an even longer string of cars and there was no way I could get around them.

As if to add insult to injury, we had to stop at the only light on the highway just as it turned red, causing her to groan again and squeeze her legs together. While we were stopped, we looked over to see a massive line of cars coming from the side road. She checked and there was massive traffic on the interstate that ran parallel to this road, so a lot of people were taking this route as a bypass.

Because there were so many cars, it meant there was no chance of passing. The traffic ended up going much slower than normal as well, practically crawling out of town. Even once we got into the open section, we were still going 20 MPH below the speed limit at most. She knew she had no way of peeing anytime soon and had resigned to holding no matter what an hour ago, so mentally she wasn’t as frantic as I would have expected. She was still having to deal with the intense sensations emanating from her abdomen, though, so she started looking things up on her phone to distract her. It seemed to work, at least partly, but she was still frantically drumming her fingers.

Close to 45 minutes after leaving his house, when it should have taken 15, we finally made it to the turnoff from the highway. It is for another highway and the interchange has a 270 degree loop to get to the other road. Still trying to hurry, I took it relatively fast and it did a number on poor Jenna. Both hands shot to her bladder, lightly cradling it, as she gritted her teeth in pain. Once we straightened out, she rubbed her distended abdomen and panted from the effort for about 15 seconds before regaining her composure. Her face lit up as she announced “finally, we’re getting close!” even though it was almost 15 minutes away. I guess considering how long she had been waiting, that was pretty good.

A few minutes later we came up to a light, which again turned red just before we got there. Jenna sat with her legs crossed tightly, drumming a frantic beat on the arm rest with her fingers. Suddenly, she beat both her hands on her thighs 6 or 8 times. I looked at her weirdly, so she told me “I have no idea why I did that!” trying to pass it off as being random. After the light turned green again and we got up to speed, though, she admitted “That's a lie. I'm absolutely bursting to pee!” She again winced and held her bladder as we turned onto the next highway.

We continued on, turning a few more times with Jenna wincing each time from the added pressure. Once we finally exited the highway for the last time, I said “We’re getting close! Only 5 or 6 more minutes!” She moaned then said “Oh God I think my bladder is going to explode! Hurry!” and rubbed her bladder again. Soon, she moaned in pain again, one hand placed lightly over her bladder.

A few minutes further down the road, Jenna started getting even more desperate with anticipation. Just as I thought we had made it, the last light turned red! Thankfully I notice the Police officer nearby instead of running the light (which would have delayed us even more!) and slammed on my brakes while Jenna yelped as the seatbelt dug into her bladder. We’d only been stopped for about 2 seconds when she blurted out “OMG when is this going to turn! I am literally dying here!” as she lightly rubbed her tortured bladder.

The light turned about 10 seconds later, but the kids started begging to check the park for pokemon. We had seen a Pikachu there earlier, and they really wanted to find another one. I was about to tell them no, that we had to get back home, before Jenna popped up and said it was fine. I asked her if she was sure, and she said she yes but I had to hurry. It was only about 30 seconds out of the way, so I went ahead and pulled off. I stopped to check if any where around, and saw that there were several but they were all where we would have to get out and walk. When I told them this, Jenna quickly snapped “Nope! I can't do that. If I try to walk I'm definitely going to pee myself. Hurry.”

We were on the final stretch, and I tried to lighten the mood by joking about the porta-a-potty on the side of the road (since she had done so the last time she was super-desperate). Normally that would get a laugh, but this time she just moaned again and bent forward. It was getting critical.

When we pulled into the driveway, I expected her to sprint to the door, but she paused for a second with her eyes closed, apparently regaining her composure, then gingerly stepped out of the car. She no longer looked as if anything was wrong; she picked up a few things to bring in then excitedly told the kids that we had a surprise. She ran in, showing the kids the new Christmas tree we had just gotten as well as the rest of the decorations we had put up.

Now that she was done with the kids, though, her body had had enough. With nothing left to distract it, her brain knew she was close to relief and it was all she could do to keep from losing control. She crossed her legs and bent over slightly, saying “Oh God, I can’t believe I made it” then hurried off. I’m not sure if hurried is the right word, though. She was walking awkwardly, with each step her leg was partially crossing over the other to put some extra pressure on her peehole since she was using both hands to get her clothes off. After a few steps she stopped, bent forward and exclaimed “I can’t even walk!” before resuming her trek to the long-awaited toilet.

By the time she was at the bathroom, her belt was off and her pants and panties were already around her knees. She yanked them down completely as she collapsed on the toilet, letting out a loud “Ouch!” as the act of sitting down jolted her bladder one final time. She sighed loudly, but it took several seconds before her stream started as her muscles slowly unclenched. 

Once she started, though, it was an absolute gusher! As soon as she caught her breath, about 10 seconds later, she told me “Wow, that hurt!” as the contents her bladder continued spraying into the bowl. She blasted away like this for 15-20 seconds before it turned into a normal, strong, flow. Another 30 seconds later, it had dwindled, but still kept going. She sighed, saying “I feel like Austin Powers!” (I’m sure many people on this site are aware, but at the beginning of Austin Powers, after he is unfrozen, he has a ridiculously long pee). I laughed, expecting it to stop and start as her bladder drained the last of its contents, but it kept going! I had the stopwatch going on my phone, and it ended up lasting for 65 seconds!

As her stream was dying off, I’d had enough and pulled out my raging hard-on. She was still sitting on the toilet to get the rest emptied out, and when she saw it she said “That’s not fair! The kids are outside and we can’t have sex right now.” I told her that I was sorry, but I couldn’t wait any longer. I did promise her that I would be more than ready by the time we went to bed, so she rolled her eyes and helped me finish (which only took about 15-20 seconds at that point) before getting up and again saying how much better she felt.

True to my promise, I was more than ready that night. Despite not needing any help, she brought up her holding it earlier and I immediately got rock hard. She felt it, too, and couldn't believe it! I had told her how much it turned me on previously, and she would indulge me sometimes, she became a true believer after seeing my reaction! She grew up never mentioning her need so it's a hard habit to break, but since then she has periodically given me updates, plus bringing it up during sex!

As great as that hold was, I just wish I had a way of measuring how much she held! Maybe one day…. It's hard to tell someone's capacity just from the length of their pee, but hers are pretty consistent (unless she's pushing to finish as quick as possible!) so I'm pretty confident in saying that this was one of her top 3 or 4 pees. Despite how amazing this was, we were just at the beginning of the season, and there were sure to be many more drives over the coming month and a half, so I was hopeful for what the future held.

*001*2017-01-16 02:44

Wow, it looks like I already posted this several weeks ago! Sorry for the mess-up....

