Wetting on a plane, news reports, and...

Author: justme

*000*2019-10-04 00:30

Many here have written about wetting on a plane, and some have written about the fantasy of it....below links to a well reported incident/accident (not of the plane, but a woman who wet herself). But first three experiences of women I've known who wet on a plane or just after landing when they got off.

Joanne, a very pretty, indeed beautiful woman was on a vacation with her then and now long past awful husband, going to Hawaii. Joanne is blond, a near perfect figure, very sexy and very prone to wetting since she was a child (and she still has many, many accidents). I've written about her elsewhere, a while ago. There was air turbulence and the seat belt signs were on, and she held it and held it until she felt on the verge of wetting her panties and (mini) dress sitting down, toward the front of the economy cabin, just a couple of rows from the toilets. Finally when she felt she couldn't wait any more, she got up and walked toward the toilet, but was stopped by a female flight attendant, saying she must sit down and block her way. She said she had to pee 'desperately', but the attendant said she'd have to wait.

A few words were exchanged, and Joanne felt the first spurts into her (I asked) white cotton panties with lace on the front, her favorite style. Both women didn't move, and Joanne said, apparently quite loudly, "I'm literally peeing my panties now....let me go." Many people at this point looked up, having heard her, and began to tell the flight attendant 'let her pee'. Joanne, now being watch by who knows how many people, felt more pee run down her legs, and without thinking, grabbed her crotch through her yellow dress.

Finally the attendant let her pass and she got to the toilet, closing the door, but now really wetting herself full force. She managed to end up on the toilet, soaked panties around her legs and she realized the front of her mini dress quite wet. She finished, drying off as best she could, but walked back to her seat evidence of her wetting accident clear to all. Her husband was furious with her, and they didn't talk for most of the rest of the trip. What a jerk! (Divorced some years later...he certainly didn't appreciate her in many regards, but I certainly did...and do. I've heard about her accidents in details and witness a few....

The second woman, a short version here, Barbara, wet herself just as the plane came to the gate after landing, having held it for about 45 minutes. I was with her, she wearing blue cord pants which showed the wetness quite well, but covered it up with a long coat she had....

And the third woman, call her Sarah, wet herself after having also held it during landing, but in the airport as she dashed to the women's room, but not coming close to making it on time. It was summer, she had on white pants (somewhat see through, her white panties clearly in view) and she wet them almost to her shoes...she doesn't embarrass easily, but had to walk to get luggage before she could change. She got quite some stares (some leering, some sympathetic, some...whatever?) as the back of her pants were soaked and her panties (obviously also soaking) entirely visible to all.

OK, those are real. Here are two similar stories in various newspapers about wetting on a plane and the other about peeing in a cup while seated:

%https://www.thesun.co.uk/travel/10036242/air-canada-passenger-pee-loo-ban/

%https://www.irishpost.com/news/irish-woman-forced-sit-urine-7-hours-flight-crew-refused-let-use-toilet-171914

%https://www.irishcentral.com/news/air-canada-irish-woman

%https://www.stuff.co.nz/travel/travel-troubles/116255052/passenger-forced-to-sit-in-her-own-pee-for-sevenhour-flight

%https://www.stuff.co.nz/travel/travel-troubles/92471180/why-you-dont-want-to-get-the-urge-when-the-seat-belt-signs-on?rm=m

