Pee pee myself

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-07-20 13:05

Its summer, Last week it was so hot in orange county, ca it must have hit 115 degrees. I was out at a job fair in the morning, I had a nice sport coat & jeans on. The sport coat was so hot I ended up drinking 6 or 7 full bottles of water over 3 hours and had not urge to pee until the the job fair was over. When the job fair was over at 2pm I went to my car and started driving home. I live 17 minutes away from the job fair. anyway the bottles of water started to hit my bladder very very very hard. I have a small overactive bladder and it filled my bladder up so much. My bladder got so full that I started crying and look for a gas station to pull over in.While I was searching for a gas station my bladder was filling up super fast and it started to burn a lot because my bladder was being stretched far beyond its limits.

I started tearing up and holding myself trying to hold my pee pee in. ( I never grew out of tearing up when I am desperate to pee, I really start tearing up and cry like a baby when I have an accident). I eventually found a gas station probably 5 minutes away from my house. I started to park at one of the gas station stalls and my bladder started to contract very badly, I couldnt keep it in and I peed in my pants for a few seconds, but I stopped it. When I parked my body went on auto poilet mode and I started crying like a 5 year old. When I got out of the car and stood up I lost control of my bladder and started peeing myself. I grabbed myseld to try to stop it but it kept coming out. I could feel the pee pee soak my underware and pants. When my bladder was empty my pants where soaked and I got back in the car and headed home. When I got home I took a picture of my wet pants.

$$

