How it started

Author: RavenEevee

*000*2015-12-01 00:01

Back when i was around 3 years old, i was living with my aunt for a while. There was this boy i use to play with that lived across the street. We would swing and slide down the stairs until we got carpet burn. Almost every time we played outside though he would have to pee, his mom would take him to the wooden fence and i would watch from the swing as he peed and darkened the dry wood of the fence. I dont know why i was so interested in him peeing but i always wished i could do it and i think i even asked one time but his mom told me i couldnt cause i was a girl.

He moved away about a year later and so did i, and i started living with my grandma. Peeing was something i always thought about and i would pee on one of the chair in the living room for a long time before we got rid of it. I soon started to make my stuffed animals act like they were having sex and peeing on each other. I guess that's one reason why i started to like it, i thought pee and sex went hand in hand, and no one ever corrected me about.

I would hump a few of my stuffed animals until i peed on them alittle then went to the bathroom, and i was doing this when i still had to sleep with my grandma (our house is small). I did things like that for years, all through day care, elementary school and some of middle school.

In day care at nap time i would hold my legs open with my bladder relaxed until i had to pee, and once i got time out and got to watch a boy i had a crush on pee in the bathroom because i was in the corner that was right by the bathroom door. Elementary school i started peeing in the toilet backwards to act like a boy peeing. Middle school i started to do research about the fetish and watch alot of porn of it i would even wet myself to it, but i had to stop once i got a virus. i started to find people like me little by little but i knew no one i know in real life would be into it. So i stuck to internet friends, roleplaying and experimenting with what i like on and off line. wetting of all kinds and peeing outside were my favorite things to do but i quickly learned i didnt like the taste or the stale smell of pee after a long time.

I think i was born with this fetish seeing how long ive liked it.

*005*2015-12-08 21:17

{{ 

I have a question, are you more famous than you are suggesting. If I am not mistaken, some time ago there was a youtube user "Raverena" who had a khaki wetting video without any face visible. That was you right?

}}

Youre right thats me~ i recently made a new panty wetting video but i havent posted it yet. the email to that account it hard to remember

*006*2015-12-08 21:18

{{ 

Wow thats a very awesome way to get into omo.. my way was similar because ive always wondered if you should or were allowed to pee during sex, but when i would vaguely ask a few people about it.. (on and offline) they basically thought i was crazy.. so until i found this site back in (2012?) i assumed this thing was COMPLETELY forbidden and i'd be considered a freak... I still havent asked my bf if he'd be okay if i peed when we have sex for the first time, (because i get turned on when i have a full bladder and let some out) buut i'll probably hide it cause i dont wanna disgust him. ><

}}

I've done omo with my boyfriend and actually got him more into.

*008*2015-12-09 19:22

{{ 

Super cute! :D

I discovered my fetish on gaiaonline in a forum, before then I enjoyed watching my female friends wee outside

}}

I did a bit of pee stuff on gaiaonline to! i still have an account. i just dont get on alot

