First real wetting

Author: doctorwhat

*000*2015-06-12 01:58

I'm in college, and when I'm at school I have a roommate and when I'm home I have my family around, so it's hard to find opportunities to get desperate enough to wet myself without anyone coming home and noticing, but today was different.

My parents were out, and I knew they would be until about 6pm, and it was about 4pm, so I had a couple hours alone. I already had to pee, not very bad though, so I drank two glasses of water and decided to wait it out. I sat in bed in my boxers (less clothing to wash = less chance of getting caught) and played games on my laptop to pass the time. After an hour, I was only about a 3 or 4, which was hardly more than I had been when I started, and I was worrying the timing wasn't going to work out and that by 6pm I wouldn't be desperate at all, and I would have missed my opportunity. I drank another glass of water, hoping to speed things along.

The urge suddenly started to build quickly. Within ten minutes I was feeling uncomfortable and crossing my legs; by 5:20pm I was squirming around and having to hold myself periodically. At this point I couldn't really focus on anything except my increasing desperation, so I stopped playing games and started watching desperation/wetting videos until I couldn't focus on those either. After another 15 minutes of becoming more and more desperate, I lost control for a moment and a small spurt escaped. I realized I was at risk of peeing on my bed so, holding myself hard with one hand so I wouldn't lose control while I walked, I got up and went to stand in the bathroom, figuring I might be able to jump into the shower before I lost control, and plus being so close to the toilet might make it even harder to hold. I had to stop in the middle of the hall to bend over and hold myself with both hands, but I made it there dry, or at least as dry as I'd been before.

Being so close to the toilet did make the need worse, as I'd expected, so I held myself, squirmed around, crossed my legs, whatever it took to keep from losing control. By 5:40, I was more desperate than I've ever been, and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. I was holding myself with both hands and doing a full on pee dance. I couldn't stop moving or else I would pee myself. The one time I stopped holding myself for a moment to see if that was really true, I instantly felt a spurt of pee running down my leg, so I grabbed myself again and went back to doing everything I could to keep it in.

I challenged myself to last another five minutes and then I could give in, but after just two minutes I lost control. There was no warning, no spurting to let me know I was about to wet myself. One second I had it under control, and the next second I was peeing full force through my boxers and onto the floor. I got into the shower as quickly as I could, though not before leaving a sizable puddle on the floor, and relaxed as my tired bladder emptied itself. The relief was incredible. Let's just say I am definitely doing that again.

