Teenage Drinking

Author: LilyBgirl

*000*2021-09-27 18:20

I'm sharing a memory from when I was younger. I was 16 and had just left school. During the time, I used to drink a lot on the park - underage I know- and used to pee on the park as it would have been impossible to hold until I got home.

On this occassion, I had brought my friend - let's call her Emma - to the park. Emma was quite shy, even more so than me. But she was up for a drink and had even more than me.

___

So onto the exciting part. We had started drinking at about 6pm. It was cold and dark as it was winter, but we dressed warm and had the greatest time. We all had a cheap bottle of 2L cider and we listened to music on our phones.

By around 7pm, I had already been for a wee. We went into the bushes where we could squat and release our bladder before returning to the group.

By 8pm, I had finished my bottle and had been to wee for a third time. I had tried to hold it as long as I could that time but I had ended up bursting from the cider.

I noticed Emma had not yet been into the bushes for a wee. Her bottle was only half empty but I still figured she would have needed to go since the rest of the group had been more than one.

I quizzed my friend on it and she told me 'she didn't want to go in the bushes but she really had to pee'. Althoufh away from the group, you could still be seen from the bushes and she was too shy to be seen weeing in front of the group.

Unfortunately for Emma, the group decided to play a drinking game. Over the next half an hour, we played a variety of games - though it dare, never have I ever... etc - and Emma was forced to finish her bottle of cider.

She was doing her best to hide it, but I knew ny friend must have been bursting to pee. She kept fidgeting and crossing her thick thighs tightly together.

Most of the drinks had been finished by this point so some of the group had left. The rest of use hung around just chatting. This was when Emma whispered in my ear 'Lily, I don't think I can hold it anymore'.

Having invited her, I didn't want my friend to have an embarrassing accident in front of the rest of the group. I told them we were going to call it a night and made for home.

Once out of sight and slightly drink, Emma told me that she had been desperate for over an hour and was about to wet herself. I told my friend that she would never make it home and needed to go before we started walking home.

Instantly she agreed. "I don't mind you seeing but please don't tell anyone".

With that, Emma pulled down her jeans. She was wearing black panties / knickers so, unfortunately, it wasn't too noticeable in the dark. But I'm sure her panties were already wet.

Nonetheless, as soon as her jeans were down she squated already peeing through her panties as she did so.

"Sorry, I couldn't get them down in time" she said as I gave her an awkward drunken hug.

We then walked home. It drove me crazy thinking about her wet panties...

*002*2021-09-27 20:39

{{14 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

I love this scenario. It must be quite a common one, given how many teenagers you see drinking in parks!

I often see groups drinking in the waiting shelters at railway stations, in smaller villages. I always wondered where they went to pee, since there were no toilets nearby, and I guess they'd probably have quite a long walk to get home. Everywhere was well lit too, with no bushes either on the station or the car park to hide behind.

It turned out that they were actually walking down the railway line a short distance to go in some bushes away from the bright lights - I saw them stand up, looking shocked, as a train passed them! I'm sure they thought about the timetable, as they'd usually keep a low profile by moving to the other platform when one was due. I'd like to think that one of them was desperately trying to hold on until the train had come and gone, but couldn't wait any longer and took a chance at running down to the bushes.

}}

Yes, it's quite common! At least from my experience. At night, it's okay because you can sneak of for a wee. But drinking in the day, it's much harder for girls to sneak off. I've seen a lot of times a girl desperate while the boys just go against a tree or something even though they are within sight of others.

I'd imagine the tempted to go would be too much in your scenario!

