Wetting and an almost messing

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2018-05-22 04:06

I've been getting more and more into cycling lately, including riding for 20+ miles which takes a couple hours. Of course, staying hydrated is a key element for my long rides. Thankfully, omorashi and cycling go hand in hand with me – I always assume that I will soak my cycling shorts at one time or another during my ride. But I did a ride yesterday which totally threw me off my game.

I started off my day knowing that I was gonna go for another long ride. Everything was going well – the weather was cooperating, I had my two water bottles filled up with water, I had my tires pumped up, etc. I had worn my black cycling shorts with a yellow high visibility windbreaker – I was going to cycle into the city and wanted to look at least somewhat normal. Besides, black shorts easily hide wetness. It was only later that I am so fortunate that I decided to go with cycling shorts instead of a skinsuit.

I started off my day with a coffee – I've drank it before and had no experiences of #2 ever, at least in terms of cycling. Right before I left, I downed another cup of warm water. Usually when I ride, I start off pretty determined – I'm concentrating and my bladder isn't even on my mind. It was past the halfway point, about an hour and a half into my ride when I could start to feel my bladder constricting. What's worse, the weather in the city clouded up a little bit, and the winds picked up. It was still nice, albeit chilly (especially when riding fast and only wearing a thin layer of spandex). Also at this time, I felt a bit uncomfortable with my stomach. I was familiar with this feeling – it was the start of #2, but I could easily hold it, as I have in the past (or so I thought).

As I started riding back home, my riding started to become less focused – I wasn't riding as fast. My bladder was quickly catching up to me. I was on the lookout to find a slight downhill to practice what some hardcore cyclists do during a race – peeing in their shorts. Although it seemed easy when I read it online, it was a bit more difficult in real life (basically you stand on one of your pedals and bend at the knee with your other leg, so the pee runs down into your shorts and drips off your knee, instead of it going down your shoes). Although my attempt wasn't perfect, I did feel instant relief in my bladder – unfortunately, I also felt my stomach pain coming back, and it was coming in full force.

I started to panic a little bit, because I knew it would be bad. Ironically and weirdly enough, I felt the slightest bit turned on due to the desperation situation I was in. I had never messed myself before, and I had even thought about trying it out if I couldn't make it in time. I rode for another five minutes before I passed some apartment complexes – I really thought about ducking in behind a large garbage dumpster, but since it was where most cars were parked, I didn't want to risk it. The stomach pain I had felt subsided momentarily, but I knew it would come back and hit harder than ever. At this point, I'm only about five miles away from home, but it's all uphill and would take awhile.

I continued my ride and saw restaurants, gas stations, and even a library. I had thought that though I pissed myself, I could still use their restroom to relieve myself. Unfortunately, my bike would have to be left outside or something of that nature – and I don't have a lock on my bike, so I wouldn't want to leave it out of sight. The public library was my best bet, but I realized that it isn't open on Sundays. I was being teased – the mere thought of restrooms being available but me not being able to use it really put a damper on my spirits. My stomach was growling more and I knew I was gonna blow soon. I expelled some gas, but I think that made it worse.

All that was in my mind now was wondering how I would cope with the fact that I would shit in myself – and not the good type of poo. It would probably be very messy and possibly diarrhea. If it would be a little bit, I thought maybe I could just do it, but I knew it would be more than just that. I also knew that despite wearing black, poop would probably seep out of my spandex and showcase the mess (I've seen a few messing videos before). Moreover, the smell would have been unbearable for me. And lastly, cars and people would no doubt be able to see the shit smothered all over my ass as I continued cycling home.

At this point, I saw a side alley between a school yard and the back of some houses. This alleyway was sloped on the school side yard to the back of the houses' fences. It's a bit weird to explain, but I think it's for a water run off. Basically, this wasn't an alley where people to walk. I hopped off my bike and went a good 100 yards away from the main street. It was here that I knew if anything could be done, it would be here. I sat down, and pretended to look at my phone. I still had some drainage to do in my bladder, so I relieved myself through my shorts, hoping that maybe I can put off my stomach pain again. After I had soaked my shorts, I didn't stand up. I was evaluating myself, and thought "Nope. I ain't gonna be able to hold it. Time to do the deed."

With that determination, I looked around me to make sure the coast was clear. I then sat up from the slope and assumed a squatting position. I peeled my wet shorts off as best as I could – it was difficult because I had just peed myself. Once I had the clearance, I let loose. I felt a huge load plop onto the ground. It was a clean break, and I pulled my shorts back. I could smell my shit, and I knew it was from the coffee. As I stood up and proceeded to leave the area, I saw what was brewing inside me, and was so glad that I did not decide to do a messing – it definitely would've shown up easily in my cycling shorts, and it would've been a big mess.

As I started my last leg going back, I felt uneasy, knowing that I didn't wipe after dropping a deuce. I didn't want to have any stains on my chamois, but I figured it wouldn't have that bad anyway, knowing that my shorts were soaked already. It wasn't too long after that I realized had I wore a skinsuit, I would have had no other option but to mess myself – and that's a thought that I'm wondering – what if I did wear my skinsuit?

Regardless of this experience, I felt like I reached a milestone – as I get more and more into cycling, I expect to be out more and more, and knowing I was able to relieve myself without much hassle made me think that I am reaching the next level.

