Laugh Wetting (Does this happen to anyone else?)

Author: rosie97

*000*2020-06-25 17:01

Okay, so I shared my first story the other day about a wetting that happened to me when I was in university & people seemed interested in hearing more so here we are!

As I mentioned, I have always suffered with a very small bladder which meant leaking, bedwetting and lots of accidents throughout my life. This was more of an embarrassment than it was a turn on at first, because it would happen at school and in front of friends or my parents and got me immediately recognised as someone you didn't want to make laugh too hard!

The story I want to share today happened on one sunny day at uni.

Now, as someone who has chronic migraines, I am consistently drinking water, which meant that I was making frequent trips to the bathroom. This annoyed my lecturers & would usually lead to me sitting on the edge of rows in order to make a quick escape. Having a small accident into my knickers was a common experience as I would run off to the bathroom and luckily my dresses or skirts would usually hide the fact that anything had happened, but on this particular occasion I was wearing light blue jeans & a cute matching pair of cotton panties.

I was sat in my first class of the day when I realised I needed to go, fidgeting back and forth, barely taking in anything the lecturer was saying. As time ticked on, the class ended and we all rushed out. I had planned to meet a few friends in the park that lunchtime and realised when I checked my phone that I would be running late if I made a pitstop to the bathroom and decided to wait and use one of the facilities closer to the park!

By the time I arrived, I was clearly in need of the toilet and knew that I would need to go soon unless I wanted anything embarrassing to happen. However, as I approached the entrance I realised that my friend was waiting for me - she waved me over & before I knew it I was absent-mindedly walking towards our group of friends with my need to wee lodged somewhere in the back of my mind.

I sat down and we got to talking about one of the lectures we would be returning to campus for in the afternoon. This lecturer was particularly strange and was known for being quite an awkward character to speak to. Why am I telling you this, you might wonder? Well, one of my friends starts doing an impression of him, which led to everyone trying their best to mimic his strange mannerisms. Everyone was laughing, hard.

In a split second I realised that my need was urgent, as I bent over in a fit of laughter and felt a strong spurt leak into my panties. Before I could even say anything, another friend elaborated on their impression by standing up and walking around in a similar fashion to the lecturer, speaking in an exaggerated and (I thought) hysterical way. This threw me over the edge. Another wave of laughter erupted within me, followed by another spurt into my knickers. This time I could feel it wet the underneath of my bum and knew that if I didn't stop soon it would all be over.

I shrieked, calling to my friends "Stop, stop, I'm going to wet myself!" Which only made them laugh harder. I tried my hardest to hold it in, but at that point the floodgates were open. As we all continued laughing, I felt my bladder release and a growing warmth spreading beneath me and onto the grass. I felt myself go a dark red, not only out of sheer embarassment, but because my cl*t was throbbing with pleasure and I could feel myself getting increasingly horny.

"Rosie's weeing!" one of my friends shouted - and sure enough the laughing exploded into a noise that was garnering looks from other people in the park.

At this point I'd abandoned all hope, as I felt the last few drops trickle into my already sodden knickers. As I looked down, I saw a huge puddle in the grass and a wet patch that spread from the middle of my crotch, right across the bottom of my jeans.

Mortified, I realised I wasn't wearing a hoodie and I didn't have any way of concealing what I had done. Luckily a friend had brought a cardigan she was kind enough to give to me and I returned to my uni room to change into fresh clothes ahead of my lecture.

Has anything similar happened to anyone else?

Hope you enjoyed the story, I have so many more

Rosie x

*005*2020-06-26 16:05

{{17 hours ago, homeanddry said:

It's never something that's happened to me - I can usually hold it for what seems like forever and there's only a couple of (unplanned!) occasions that I can think of where I've been struggling so much that laughing or sneezing or whatever might've caused me to lose control! I love both stories though - they're really well written and I'd love to hear more, especially if there's more examples of unwisely ignoring your needs . I particularly liked the story on the other thread, with the queue to get into the club (how long did you have to wait in that state?!). My friends who went to uni in Sheffield will sympathise with you about the hills!

}}

Thank you for saying so, I used to write a lot for my university paper & things so I suppose it comes from there!

I had to wait for a good 15 minutes, but it felt SO much longer! Luckily it was raining a bit, which helped me conceal my sorry state..

