Detailed Wetting Stories My Ex Wrote For Me

Author: Type92

*000*2015-06-27 01:44

My ex girlfriend once wrote down a bunch of her wetting accidents in a little notebook for me when we were still together, after she got tired of talking about them whenever I asked. So she wrote them down and gave them to me as present for Christmas the last year we dated. I thought I'd share a few of them that I thought were good, and ones I can paraphrase as to make them as anonymous as possible, while still giving the credit to her. As it should be apparent by now, my ex girlfriend, whom shall remain nameless for her sake; actually had a real, and common problem with wetting accidents. 

First she suffers from chronically weak holding ability, also she has a mild case of Tourette's syndrome, and one of her tic's was a tendency to flex and relax her abs, which actually made them fairly strong, but also put pressure on her bladder when she did this. Those two, plus her tendency to get distracted and ignore her need to pee fairly often left her in desperate situations, and occasionally led to full on accidents, of which I witnessed a few of when we dated. I plan on sharing a few of the good stories if and only if I feel I'm not revealing too much about her, I will say that she is a very pretty brunette who was on a swim team, fairly fit and was between 19 and 21 during the stories.

One of my favorite stories was about an accident she had in her car on the way home from seeing me at a city park one afternoon. We had met for a picnic because she loved them, and we went to a town a good hour away from our own hometown because it was next to a big lake and well worth the drive. We went separately for some unknown reason that I can't remember, so unfortunately I didn't see the accident myself, but I can describe how she was dressed. She wore a simple pink and white striped top and a pair of very short denim shorts that showed off her curves quite well. Being her boyfriend at the time, I also knew what underwear she had on. A hot pink yoga style thong with the words PINK on the band. Anyway, we had our lunch and she ended up drinking quite a bit. I walked her to her car and we talked a little before I kissed her goodbye and she left without using the bathroom. This is where I will pick up on what she wrote, albeit paraphrased a bit and skipping to the good parts.

I figured out like 5 minuets after I left that I needed to pee, but not that bad so I kept driving. like 10 minuets later I was jamming out with the radio, and like in the middle of a t swift song I started ticking a little and then I had to pee a lot more all of a sudden. I started to regret not peeing before I left and squeezed my thighs together to help hold and kept singing away with Taylor. Like five minuets later I started ticking again and it made it so much worse. I squeezed my thighs harder and shut my eyes for a sec and let out a little squeal cuz it was almost hurting I had to go so bad. I pulled up to the stoplight and started squirming around in my seat a little. the dumb light was taking forever and my ticking was getting worse because I was stressed. I ticked again really bad and I felt myself about to pee. I cried out a little and pushed my legs together as hard as I could and grabbed the edges of my seat. 

I came so close to peeing but I was able to stop. It was like right then when I realized I wasn't going to make it home. I stared yelling at the stoplight and doing that frustrated whine I do when I'm mad. the light finally changed and I started moving again. I was still ticking and it kept getting worse. I was squealing and dancing in my seat and my left foot was bouncing like crazy. Traffic wasn't that bad so I decided to try and make it back to (hometown), and stop at target because I was kinda close and my ticking had stopped for the moment. Only like one song later I ticked and I wasn't ready to fight back. I cried out a little and grabbed myself while squeezing my legs but a little bit came out. I felt my undies get a little wet but I was able to stop peeing. I started shaking and I was like sweating kinda because I was dancing around so much. then I stared doing this thing where I opened and closed my legs while moving forwards and backwards in my seat really fast.

It helped a little bit for the next like minute, but then the next light in front turned red. I started screaming at the light because the next intersection had a place for me to stop at, and I knew I was gonna start ticking again. I started doing the leg moving thing again and I was sweating and shaking and moaning. Just then I started to tick again and I knew. I was trying so hard to hold it back but the second tick pushed hard on my bladder and I started peeing again. I let out that frustrated moan when I felt it soak into my undies, and I could feel my vagina and my crotch getting really warm.

I pushed my hand really hard against my crotch and squeezed my thighs together really hard but I could feel my hand getting wet. I stopped peeing but it hurt, and I could feel that the whole crotch of my shorts were wet. I ticked again and it was too late. I squeezed my thighs together and tried as hard as I could to hold it but it just stared coming out. my butt got really warm as my pee started soaking my shorts and into the seat, which I was so pissed about. I kept pushing my legs together but it didn't help.

I looked down and watched as pee started trickling out from between my legs and I could hear it hissing through my undies as I felt the warmth spread around my crotch and butt. I kept moaning as I felt my legs getting wet, and I could see the edges of my seat getting darker with pee. I was still peeing and I could feel it was running down the back of my legs and getting my shoes wet and also soaking up the back of my seat and my shirt was getting wet. I gave up, spread my legs and pushed the rest of my pee out. My shorts were soaked and couldn't absorb any more so it started pouring out of both leg openings. 

I let out a big sigh because it felt so good to let it all out, and everything was all warm. I was so pissed off because the light changed like five seconds later, and I just decided to drive all the way home because it would be embarrassing to stop at target then. it was okay at first but then the pee got cold and I was just getting more mad about what just happened. when I got home I had to wait till nobody was able to see me then I opened my door and lifted my but up and let pee drip of my shorts, then I snuck up to my room and peeled off my pants. my underwear was soaked and there was a big wet patch on the bottom of my shirt.

She called me and told me what happened, and I convinced her to let me help her clean up her car seat. I went over to her house and "cleaned" her up and then we spent the rest of the time cleaning her seat. This was always one of my favorite stories because, even though I didn't see the wetting, I did get to see some of the aftermath. I'll post another story soon, one about her accident at work before I met her.

*008*2015-08-21 21:01

Hello again, Its been awhile but I think ill post one more of her stories she wrote down for me. If you don't understand where I got the stories from or anything about the girl, go read the first post in this thread and all will be explained. This story she wrote is about a wetting that she had at work not long before we met. All I should say is that she was at the time, a party hostess at a local bowling alley/arcade hall. She described her outfit as a uniform that consisted of a red polo shirt, a tan colored bra, tight khaki pants, a white and blue striped cotton thong, and white socks and shoes called keds. Anyway, here is the story.

I had been working like 3 nights in a row, and I had worked most of the night that day, but I was tired and asked to go home because it wasn't that busy. My manger told me I could leave early if I cleaned up the storage closet and organized all the party supplies. I had kinda needed to pee like the whole shift but it wasn't bad enough for me to go, and when I started all the other work I just got distracted. I started with the storage closet and while i was reorganizing all of the shelves I realized I needed to pee pretty badly. I started squirming around and squeezing my legs together while i was working, but didn't go pee because I wanted to get done. I was nervous that I was gonna start ticking and then need to go more so I worked as fast as i could. I got done with the storage closet like 30 minuets later, and by then I had to pee like really bad. 

I decided I would wait because there are only two party rooms and it only takes like 5 minuets to clean them so then i could pee and go home. I bent over and squeezed my thighs together real hard and shut my eyes for like a second before I left the closet, then went and started organizing the party rooms. The whole time I was cleaning I was squirming around and crossing my legs and rubbing my knees together. I started to tick when I was finishing the last room and I almost started peeing. I moaned out loud and pressed my hand against my crotch real hard to stop it. I knew like right then I needed to go to the bathroom now or I was gonna have an accident. I started running almost over to the employee bathrooms and figured I was gonna make it. I got inside the bathroom and opened the stall door and i all of a sudden started ticking like alot. I squealed and squeezed my thighs together really tight and shut my eyes.

I was shaking and squeezing my legs together real hard, but I got inside the stall and was standing in front of the toilet, so i started trying to get my belt undone but, i ticked again and it happened. I tried as hard as I could to hold it, but all my dancing around was just making it harder to undo my pants, and then I felt myself starting to pee. My undies started getting soaked, and I could feel the warm pee like spreading in my crotch. I was shaking and trembling trying to get my belt undone but i could already feel it running down my thighs. I sqeezed my legs together again but I couldn't stop it, my legs got really warm as my pee soaked my pants. I looked down and watched a big and shiny wet stain grow around my crotch and then down my legs.

I started getting really scared as my pee ran down into my socks and shoes and started dripping of the bottoms of my pants because I knew couldn't hide this. I started crying and then I ticked again. I just gave up and let the rest out. It felt really weird and warm cuz the pee was making my pants stick to my legs, and I could feel it slowly soaking my socks and feet. I got really really mad and started like cursing and crying from frustration because I was standing right in front of the toilet but peed in my pants because i couldn't get my pants undone fast enough. I realized I couldn't just sneak out, so i had to call my manger on the walkie talkie and she came in to the bathroom.

I had closed the stall door, and told her from behind it that i finished all of my work, and also that I had peed in my pants and just wanted to leave. She lauged and let me walk out the back door, and I had to put a towel down on my car seat to drive home. When I got home, like all of the neighbors were outside so even though I hurried inside, i still think someone probably saw me. I sprinted upstairs without stopping so my parents wouldn't see me and then peeled of my wet clothes and took a shower, but i was like still so stressed out and nervous that I actually forgot to take my thong off, but at least I rinsed the pee out of it.

I met her a month or two after this, and it was the first accident of hers that she told me about, and was one of the stories I always asked her to tell me again and again because I enjoyed it so much. I was always excited to see her in that thong because I knew what she had done in it, so I usually asked to hear the story again when she wore it, much to her annoyance. That was probably one of the reasons why she eventually decided to write all these down for me. I'll post another one soon once I decide which one I can share without revealing too much.

