Almost Wet in Public

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-03-06 04:34

I like to have a little fun, but sometimes I draw the line a bit too close.

On this particular day about 2 years ago I was at home with my aunt when I felt a small urge present itself and, considering her house is one bathroom and she was in there, I just brushed it off.

We went out about twenty minutes later and I would get occasional warning signs from my bladder, but ignored it. On the way to Home Depot in the car I did my best to look normal by just crossing my legs. I could feel by bladder giving its signs of protest with just a little punch here and there, but I wasn't desperate yet.

We walked all over the store, and typically walking helps my bladder because for some reason I always feel less desperate will with my thighs together. I got distracted with different conversations about kitchens, sinks, bathtubs, etc. Then she started talking about getting a new toilet and at that point my brain was thinking you should really be going there now.

I squirmed a bit on the spot, "Are you okay?" She asked.

"Yes," I replied, "Are you ready to go to walmart?" Since she had already checked out, I said back.

She proceeded to say yes, but that she wanted to stop by the bathroom on the way out. I politely declined, deciding the urge wasn't overwhelming yet and I wasn't in dire need. While she was in there I sat on the bench and twisted my legs together, hoping to take the edge off of my need, so I could hold until we got back home. I can't stand public restrooms, the thought terrifies me, and WalMarts are horrible.

As I stood up to walk my bladder muscles protested to squeeze once I had relaxed them, I slowed by pace until I was behind her and momentarily grabbed my crotch. Maybe I should have went in Home Depot, but now it was too late.

"How long will we be in the store?" I asked thinking she only needed a few things.

"Well I only need two items, but your grandmother needs this," She dug in her purse and produced a list of at least thirty to forty things, ugh. My bladder also was not happy with this as there was a spasm and for a moment I felt as if I might loose some it. I still wasn't at the point of desperation probably a 5 to 6 on a scale of 10, but I really could have went for a bathroom break. The liquids were growing in me and I could see how within the next hour holding this flood may be near impossible. It would take at least an hour, if not more, with the way my aunt shops.

"your so stupid, did you know your an idiot for not going back then. But you don't like the public bathrooms. All those germs, and the icky toilet paper, and pee on the seats, and the smell is funky. But now you have to figure out how to make it another hour" I thought to myself in second person.

The first twenty minutes in the store weren't that bad, at all. Just follow aunt, let her look at clothes, and nod or comment like you care.

We walked to the back of the store to look for toys for a cousin and spent at least another thirty minutes trying to pick the best board game. Then we went and looked at paint swatches for her kitchen, and making a half circle rounded to the home and bath section. I would say we had now been in the store for an hour. I had been shoving the increasing signs from my bladder out of mind, and out of sight.

Down the makeup isle, thank goodness no one was there, I was trying to reach the top shelf and stretching when out of nowhere I leaked. Then I praticaly squealed from suprise twisting my legs over one another. I could still feel it like a leaky facet, I grinded my thighs back and forth to excert the force needed so that I could hold the bigger leak coming back. I looked around, no one there and my aunt a few isles down, i squeezed my crotch quickly knowning I had to keep the upcoming tide at bay with being miserable by embarassment of people seeing. It was late Monday night and thankful there were very few people at Walmart.

I managed to collect myself in probably about ten to fifteen seconds but my urge wasn't somehting I could push away any longer. It had grown from a 6 to a 8 and in just a little bit I would be bursting at the seams.

I informed my aunt I was going to go use the restroom. The thought of actually having to go here, my first time since I was like seven was horrifying, but it wasn't just urgent it was neccessary. The thought of relief after what I had just experienced and now getting closer to a restroom was almost to much for my pulsating bladder.

I fought violent urges as they came and went, I needed to be sitting. When thing got this bad sitting was the only thing that could help.

Once there was hopes were crushed, they were cleaning. I took a deep breath trying to get the nerve to ask what was going on. "Hi mam when will you be done cleaning?"

The lady looked at me funny, "Sorry, I just began. After I'm done the maintence crew will be in here for at least thirty to forty minutes to fix some pumbling issues."

My thighs shook slightly as I noticeable I had them tensed, a lot, and I couldn't relax them because if I did I would loose it... a mere feet from the bathroom.

So I made the trek to the back restroom having to stop and adjust multiple times. I was a 9 now, desperate, so desperate. With each step my bladder gained ten pounds and the spasms of my muscles dying grew. Each spasm left seconds that my urethra was unprotected. I lost a little, but at this point I didn't care at all. I just needed my jeans dry.

I had made it bathroom just around the.. I wanted to shout and scream no, posted on the door was a sign "Water off, please excuse this inconvienence"

My bladder felt the doom. I had my feet apart, thighs apart as I had stopped in mid step. Thats all the permission it needed to forget that I was in public. My hands reached for my crotch as my eyes darted to the customers walking by, and I froze again, but my bladder didn't. No matter how many times. my brain had told it to stop. My nails dug into my thighs willing the people to walk fast I bent while shoving my hand in my crotch, hard.

It didn't help the pee gushed simply changing the path to go backwards toward the bottom area rather than the crotch. I was freaking out. I was literally peeing myself in public. Think fast, come on. Towel, jacket, diapers, napkins, pads, cups, anything at this point. I looked at the bathroom door and in a last ditch effort shoved it open and ran into a stall, not even bothering to shut it behind me.

Ah..... so much better. I realized I wouldn't be able to flush and I would have to leave my gross pee behind for someone else to deal with, but It was worth it.

*005*2016-03-13 06:18

{{ 

Wow! Great description! I've always fantasized about getting extremely desperate in public someday, but that would also be scary! How close should I make it? It sounds like you were definitely at the absolute closest you could get, another few seconds and you would have totally lost control! If I read right, the pee was already starting to come out and your pants did get a little wet...did your aunt notice anything?

I know this might sound really weird to some people, but I have actually thought about setting myself up to get really desperate and maybe even wet my pants while I with some close friends. It would be a relatively "safe" way to have the experience, because the ones I'm thinking of doing it with are very sympathetic and understanding and wouldn't make me feel embarrassed. They have no idea I'm into this, and would think it was just an accident.

}}

Yes my pants were a bit wet, but it was just damp my aunt didn't notice anything. Although I did walk around the back of the store for a while after so that I could let if dry off a little.

