Wet the bed and carpet in the middle of the night (male)

Author: Solstice

*000*2018-01-03 12:37

Last night I was drinking a good amount of hot tea because it's been freezing here, and tea goes right through me, especially green tea.

I peed before bed and didnt even think about the risk of a bedwetting because it's only happened to me once before, which I posted about, and that was because I was doing holds and my bladder was weak so I ended up having a true accident. I haven't done a hold in a week or so now so I didn't think twice of it.

Woke up three hours after going to bed and the first thing I groggily noticed was an intense pressure in my bladder. I laid there for a moment, waiting to see if it would pass or calm down a bit because I didn't feel like getting up just yet, but the pressure seemed to increase by the second and the next thing I knew, I was peeing. Just like last time there were no leaks, no spurts, no tell-tale cramps...just dry one second and peeing full force the next, right through my underwear and into the sheets and mattress.

I flung my covers off, pee still hissing out because I couldn't stop it, jumped out of bed to reduce the mattress mess and just stood next to my bed and watched as I finished wetting myself. My saturated briefs did nothing to soak anything up by now so I basically went directly on the carpet in a big stream.

Funny this happened because I actually plan to do some holds and wettings today and didn't plan for this.

$$

$$

