Wet myself recently

Author: Mia Moore

*000*2011-05-08 08:35

So, the other day, I was really fucking stoned. I'm a bit of a pothead. One of the not-so-unfortunate side effects of said habit is loss of bladder control. Of course, while one is high, one might not necessarily be paying attention to the amount of food and drink one consumes. Needless to say, I have absolutely no idea how many glasses of cranberry juice and soda I drank. A friend later assured me it was quite a bit as I kept saying how delicious cranberries really where. Something about how they were the most magical fruit in the fruit kingdom.

(-sigh-) sometimes I wish I remembered to record myself when I'm stoned.

Anyway, another not-so-unfortunate side effect of this vice is that horrible sensation that absolutely everything is the funniest thing you've ever heard. Laughter was my downfall, obviously.

I wasn't even standing in the kitchen; literally on my knees because my legs wouldn't work. I remember vaguely that my friend was making pancakes and that she was joking about Quasars or something equally as nerdy. I kept laughing. And I couldn't stop. And listening to my own laughter just made me laugh harder. So, of course, I completely lost control of my bladder for two seconds. There was a fairly noticeable wet spit in my jeans. Luckily, my friend was equally as high so she didn't notice. I had to struggle to my feet and dash to the bathroom.

Unfortunately, when I finally got to the toilet after what seemed like ages and ages, I couldn't unbutton my jeans! I was far too high. Anyway, I ended up squatting OVER the toilet because I somehow felt that would make more sense (stoner logic. It made sense at the time, I swear) and just pissed all over my jeans. It was impossible to hide from my friend but she doesn't even remember the incident. Also, because of all the juice I drank, my pants were literally soaked. Hardly a dry patch on them.

