Strange Dream That Led to an Accident

Author: silvermoon

*000*2021-07-02 05:56

So, I wasn't sure if I wanted to share this at first, but I'm also curious if anyone has experienced something similar.

I had a strange, possibly lucid dream. The dream was from the perspective of my older brother, but other than that, I was me and not my brother (this is also the first time I've had an accident in a dream rather than as a fictional character).

My brother was tiptoeing into my room holding a bowl of warm water, and I just sorta knew that this was when we were both younger, and still in high school. He slowly removed the blanket that had been covering me, and then did the same with the cyan nightgown I was wearing in the dream, just enough to reveal the white and pink striped panties I was wearing in the dream (I was wearing a pink nightgown and pink panties with white polka dots in real life).He then slowly put my hand in the bowl of warm water.

I then felt a twinge from my bladder, both in my dream and in real life, and I stirred, both in the dream and real life. My brother in the dream (my brother in real life moved out) said "Shhh. Relax. Go back to sleep." I responded with "Gotta pee." and my dream-brother said "Shh. That's okay. Go back to sleep. You don't have to hold it." I responded with "Mmkay." and just stopped holding it, both in the dream and real life. I drifted off into other dreams, then woke up at around four in the morning in a damp bed needing to pee again. I was able to at least make it into the bathroom before having another accident, then cleaned up my bed and took a quick shower before going back to bed.

Not really sure what was going on with this dream, but I'm pretty sure those were sensations from my body outside the dream. I suppose it could have been part of the dream as well, the human mind is weird like that.

*002*2021-07-02 22:32

{{2 hours ago, trekkie said:

About making it into the bathroom before having another accident, does that mean you made it, or did you start wetting again when you got into the bathroom but before you got to the toilet?

}}

I made it into the bathroom. I did not make it out of my clothes or onto the toilet.

