A soggy day on the slopes in my brand new snowpants

Author: jboarder64L

*000*2022-04-09 17:04

Okay, okay.... I guess it wasn’t exactly an accident per se, but I did hold it until I basically just couldn’t anymore.

I should start by mentioning that I had bought a new pair of snowpants last year. Unlike my old ones that I still wear quite often, these are insulated and waterproof with a thick crinkly shell. My old snowpants are also waterproof-ish but basically only a shell with no insulation. On warmer days, especially if I’m going be snowshoeing or hiking I’d wear my old lighter weight pants but the new insulated ones are perfect for the cooler days and I’ll be honest..... I’d been dying to have an accident in them. I’d only peed my snowpants once a while back and it was super warm and cozy at first but they were just an old pair I’d found from way back and the waterproofing had degraded pretty bad so they leaked through and didn’t exactly stay warm. These on the other hand looked as if they’d be totally waterproof and the insulation inside was just begging to be drenched. I had managed to behave myself nearly all winter but a few weeks back I just couldn’t help myself.

I had decided to do a nice little hike up a local mountain and ride my snowboard back down. I’d had a fair amount of water to drink on the 40 minute ride in and was actually pretty desperate by the time I got my backpack and snowshoes on and started hiking the logging road in. I finally stopped to pee in the snowbank but immediately after I was done I couldn’t help but think about how good it would have felt to have just emptied my bladder into all the warm cozy layers I had on. I actually took a few pictures of my different layers and I suppose it was from that point on that I knew I wasn’t going home dry. I had on my boxers and some super thick, cozy fleece insulated long underwear (that I had also always wanted to pee in) jeans over top and then my snowpants over everything.

After that, I continued my hike which was about another Mile and a half up the logging road that was being used as a snowmobile trail at the time. I finished my one liter bottle of water and and had a few sips out of my nalgene as I hiked and by the time I started getting close to the base of the mountain I was getting super desperate. I had to make it up onto the mountain and off the snowmobile trail because I just knew if anyone came along on a sled they were definitely going to stop and talk.

Being such a remote area everyone always stopped. I was walking fast, nearly jogging in my snowshoes at that point and I knew if I had to stop and talk to someone there was no way I could hold my composure. I’d have most likely just pissed my pants right there on the spot..... in a situation like that I wouldn’t exactly have any excuse to be squatting. I would have had no way to prepare myself for an accident. I really didn’t want get caught in that kind of situation and end up having all me pee go in my boots. I just HAD to make it up on to the mountain and out of sight before someone came along.

I was trying not break a sweat but I just couldn’t slow down I was about to burst and just knew at that point I couldn’t even stop long enough to get my pants unbuttoned if I wanted to. There was no way around it, I was going to piss my pants. It was inevitable. My only goal was to be out of sight when it happened. I FINALLY made it off the trail and started trudging up the big open logging cut on the mountain as fast as I could, unable to stop. I kept looking over my shoulder to see if I could see the trail and eventually I was out of sight.

I was completely out of breath winded and starting to sweat a little. I frantically got my phone out to record as I dropped to a squat and my bladder just immediately started emptying full force right there in my pants. I was hoping I’d be able to hear myself peeing but with all those layers on it was just the wind and me trying to catch my breath. It felt absolutely incredible. Sooooo warm and cozy. The warmth just spread all across my ass and up my lap. It was incredible. My snowpants felt warm and a little squishy on the outside but still totally dry. I plopped down on my butt in the snow and regained myself for a few minutes after that. Just basking in all the warmth, before I got up and inspected the damage, plus snapped a few pics.

I continued my hike and the wetness spread a down my right leg to just below my knee but spared my socks and boots. It cooled down a bit after a while but once I got to the super steep areas near the summit my extra body heat seemed to warm everything back up and by the time I got back down it barely even felt wet anymore.... just a little damp. I started to feel an urge to pee again on the way home and by the time I got inside and got my boots off I had to go pretty bad. I ended up squatting on the floor and just soaking myself again right then and there and it felt amazing. I took off my coat and just lounged around in my warm soggy snowpants for a bit before FINALLY changing. I made sure to snap a few pics of the damage before I changed. What a fun a little experience! Hope y’all like it!!

*001*2022-04-09 17:12

Before .....$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2022-04-09 17:19

The first wetting! Sorry it sounded like I just ran a marathon.... I had just jogged about 200 yards uphill in snowshoes in my last desperate attempt to get out of sight of anyone that might pass by. I’m sure the video won’t play, (it’s always hit or miss) you’ll probably have to right click and save and then use vlc media player to watch. That always seems to work for me with the stubborn ones lol

IMG_3379.MOV

*004*2022-04-09 17:25

The immediate aftermath....Totally dry and unnoticeable from the outside. These snowpants are so perfect.IMG_3380.HEIC

720p.MOV

*005*2022-04-09 17:34

$$

$$

$$

Anddddd.... my second soaking after I got home, plus the aftermath. I was soaked!

IMG_3410.MOV

*006*2022-04-09 17:39

{{14 minutes ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Wow….sounds like an amazing experience…..super hot

The video worked just fine for me….personally I’m a huge fan of videos with breathing (and moaning) and stuff, so that totally added to it for me….It!!

}}

Thanks so much!! It was so much fun!! I’d been wanting to do this since I got those new snowpants and FINALLY... I got the chance. I was a little embarrassed hearing it the first time. In the moment I didn’t even realize how winded I was. I know there wasn’t really much to see but I assure you, I was absolutely DRENCHING my pants under there I was reaaaaaally hoping there would have been that loud unmistakable hissy noise under there that I love so much but with all those layers it just wasn’t audible unfortunately.

*010*2022-04-10 22:11

{{23 hours ago, Snowpants said:

Aren't snowpants just GREAT. There are not many types of pants you can wear in public, have a full on wetting and not tell from the outside. Wonderful video.

}}

Definitely super fun! I’d been wanting to try this again for ages! These far superior than the ones from last time lol.

{{22 hours ago, Joecey said:

Great story! I just recently discovered how fun it is to pee in snowpants as well. For exactly the same reasons you just described.

Quite addictive. Will do it again

}}

Thanks! I definitely had a ton of fun!! No one would ever have a clue!

{{23 hours ago, Stinky Pikachu said:

They aaaare, the more i watch these kinds of videos the more i want to try them hahaha

}}

I’m sure you’d have a blast! The more layers the better!

