Had a bit of fun home alone!

Author: Yuuishii2

*000*2012-11-09 19:48

Ok, so today I was alone for a while at home, so I decided to have a bit of fun. First, I drank about my body weight in Peach Tea, bought rather foolishly while they were on discount some time ago; I had about five bottles kicking around for a while, and I think I managed to rid my house of two of them over the course of an hour~

Then I settled down to attempting to write a paper, and got a little distracted playing Machinarium (which, incidentally, is currently available for sale here, all proceeds going to good causes: http://www.humblebundle.com/

- Sorry, I can't find how to make a text link!). Upshot was, after about two hours I was pretty much bursting, at about a seven or eight out of ten- my preferred wetting scale, I think a twenty-level rating is a little far, but I digress~

After about another twenty minutes, I was shifting around a little, my hands somewhere a little indecent, but still managing to keep control. I took a few deep breaths, removed my hand from my lap, and set about writing this paper, effectively a treatise on the use of sex in popular literature; hardly my preferred reading choice, but it was interesting to write, and I got a little more excited than i should have doing my research! I managed to keep going for about a half hour, shifting all the time with my thighs jammed together, and I think I bashed out about a thousand words, which was a lot more than I'd hoped to do!

After nearly two and a half hours had passed, I was back to having my hand stuck in the crotch of my jeans, and I was more or less unable to keep still. Luckily, it was still at the bearable point and not too painful; in fact, thanks to the happy quirk of female biology that allows our bladders to be positioned in just such a way that being really full presses the damn thing against some rather sensitive areas, I was having a lot of fun~ Eventually, though, I realised that any longer would have made quite a mess on the carpet and rather endangered the viper's nest of cables under my desk, and I got up and dashed to the bathroom, spurting a little with every step and getting my hand rather wet.

I stood clutching myself in the bathroom for another full six or seven minutes, before a small squirt leaked its way out, dampening the funny brief-bloomer things I was wearing and sending shivers up and down my back. I leaked again, this time causing a little stream to run down my leg and onto the floor. Again, and again it came, my bloomer thingies getting wetter and wetter each time, but I was determined to make it last and I shoved my hand down my trousers and held on for dear life.

Eventually, though, I had the spasm that spelled doom for many a brave wetter, and spurted against my hand; I just managed to pull it out before the floodgates opened and I sent squirt after squirt through my trousers and onto the floor. I must have peed for about thirty seconds before I realised the magnitude of what was within me, and how badly i had miscalculated how close I was to the bathmat! I jumped into the bathtub and the act of landing heavily forced more to dribble out and down, and soon I was peeing full strength again. I had a little private fun of my own after that, but I was sharp enough to grab a few pictures beforehand!

Here's the cute little puddle I made before I jumped into the bath to save the mat :p

Hope you all enjoyed as much as I did! This is the first time I've taken pictures of this sort of thing, and on my phone as well, so sorry for the poor quality and I hope I did it right~

Edit: Oops, attached the wrong files~

