Discrete public soaking (making errands fun again!)

Author: themerger

*000*2022-06-08 20:42

Hey folks!

I had a lovely evening soaking that began grocery shopping, continued as I stopped for gas and then climaxed as I was unloading groceries. I was wearing purple, floral leggings that conceal wetness beautifully. In the past, I have worn them hiking and utterly soaked them standing on the side of the trail, only to pass people later with very little concern.

I tried my hardest to get a good video of this shopping venture. My intention was to wet as I walked back to my car in the grocery store parking lot- partially concealed by the shopping cart. But to my surprise I had a hard time letting go as I walked through the parking lot! Even though my leggings and longer t-shirt helped hide super overt wetness and very few people were shopping in the evening, I had a hard time overcoming the mental block until I got back to my car. At that point I let go and thoroughly wet my left leg before putting my cart back.

I was far from finished when I got back into my car, so I stopped for gas and slowly leaked as I pumped the fuel. I get nervous about gas station cameras, so I didn't completely let go for fear of leaving an obvious puddle (and maybe ending up on Thisvid- lol).

By the time I got home the sun had completely vanished and I my tired bladder was through holding it, so I had no choice but to let streams go walking between my car (parked on the street) and the back door of my apartment. Finally- with the last load in hand- I stood by my back steps and let a final gushing torrent soak my leggings and flip flops. Since it had rained prior, there was no obvious evidence of my small lake, but I squished all the way up the steps and stripped off my wet, clinging clothes. Even my shirt absorbed a sizable patch of pee around the waistline!

I hope y'all get to treat yourselves to your own Peeventures soon!

P.S I discovered that the carts at this local grocery have cup holders that will definitely make for good filming next time

