My wetting journey

Author: BlueWetter

*000*2017-09-14 18:18

Hi all,

Sorry if this is long winded.. Other than my ex wife and good friend, you all are the only people who will know about all this..

Since I am new here, I think it would be good to share my experiences through the years that got me to where I am today.. Peeing in my pants at least once a month. This last week, I've done it three times! The feeling of my warm pee soaking into my underwear and pants, then cascading down my legs or pooling around my ass is so amazing and addictive for me!

So, some background.. My first time wetting was back in primary school. I was sitting at my desk and had to pee badly, since I was reluctant to go during lunchtime.

I asked the teacher in my 4th period class if I can head to the bathroom. Her response was "not now, you are going to have to hold it." Okay, I thought, I'll try to hold on. Needless to say, I couldn't and totally soaked my pants, the chair, and left behind a puddle. This happened a few times during the beginning of the school year.

Those times were real accidents. As I started thinking about it, when I peed my pants, #1: It felt good & #2: After wetting I got to go home early! Since I liked that, I purposely began drinking extra through the day, so I would be desperate to pee once 4th period came around. I would still ask to pee, get told to hold it, and then immediately relax my bladder and soak my pants.. Teaches her to make me sit and be in agony from a full bladder! That school year I wet myself at least twice a week.

That's where my love for wetting my pants began. After that school year, my parents began threatening home school. Since I didn't want to lose my friends and stop seeing the pretty girls, I stopped wetting at school and instead waited until I got home to fill my bladder and soak myself or ended up bed wetting. This went on for about 3 years, once a week or so..

I had a long dry spell for a while... During my teenage years, I found out what the internet was and began a search for peeing pants and other Omo related items. Wow, what a lot I found! I began to stay up late on the weekends, going through message boards and watching videos of pants wetting. My fetish was re awakened!! There may have been a time or two that the computer chair got wet..

I began to wet again. I had to be very careful, since I was living at home. Around once every two weeks, I was able to pee somewhere around our property wearing just underwear or pants. The art of just letting go, knowing that I purposely peed my pants and may get noticed was such a turn on! (and still is)

I got consumed with college and my career during my late teens and early twenties. So, guess what, another dry spell..

I met and eventually married a great woman that I found out was into desperation and occasionally peed her pants! Boy, was I lucky. During our two year relationship, she was desperate and at least ended up with a wet patch in her panties almost once a week. She also peed her pants six times! That was enough to fuel my fire on the Omo side then..

We split up and then I met another woman that I was able to talk into holding it until desperate about five times. Once, if she didn't have on a dress, she would of soaked her pants, I'm sure..

During both of these relationships, I managed to keep from peeing my pants and was satisfied with my spouses desperate antics, and occasional wetting.

The last four years, my living situation was so that being desperate and wetting was out of the question. Living with multiple roommates makes it hard to get any privacy.

Since I have moved into my new place in May, I have been free to wet, whenever I feel the urge. So far, last night has made the 5th time that I have had a soaking of whatever I have been wearing.

Holy crap, does it feel good! Three of those times, I was drinking pretty much alcohol, making my bladder fill fast. Two of those times I re wet my pants at least 4 times. It was dark outside and I was able to get away with it.

One good friend knows about the re wetting and actually witnessed it happen. He's bi and is cool with my fetish.

That's it for now. I'm planning on posting my wettings over the last few months soon. Any suggestions or criticism is welcome. Just be nice please.

*003*2017-09-17 13:49

{{8 hours ago, malegusher92 said:

I just wonder how the hell did you run into a woman that coincidently liked to hold and pee?! Hell I hope i can at least get someone into it!

}}

I'm still trying to figure it out..

We were on a date once, and on the way home she says "you better hurry because I'm about to pee my pants" I didn't think much of it until it happened a few more times. About a month after, I was on the phone with her and she said " guess what I'm doing?" I don't know.. "I'm peeing my pants!" She told me how she was soaking a pair of jeans on her sidewalk..

After bringing up the fact that I got turned on, she admitted that she likes holding and sometimes peeing her pants. I felt so lucky!

