Running to the beach with a full bladder

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-06-24 09:09

I thought yesterday that I would challenge my bladder and go out running while desperate, to see how I would cope with that, and in kind of a busy public area for more of a challenge. I´ve never wet myself involuntarely since I was 3, except from some very small coughing/stumbling-related leaks, and I wanted to see if would manage to run and stay dry. As it was supposed to rain I figured yesterday was a good day trying this, in my dark blue sport shorts, that show wetness a little but dry quickly.

So after waking up I´m having my morning pee, and then I spend some time drinking water, doing the dishes, chatting with friends. I´m not much into long painful holdings so i´m just gonna wait until I really feel I need to go, and then go out. As I sit and watch tv for a while I can feel my bladder filling upp and it quickly goes from just slightly feeling it to urge. I start to get stuff in order, look for some shoes that i wouldn´t mind having an accident in, just in case, and I find some old sneakers in my wardrobe that still feels good to my feet. 

While I´m walking around, the urges come in waves and I need to concentrate on my holding when I change my body positions. It´s soon time to go. My only concern is – the rain is holding up. It´s been raining all night and is still a bad weather day, gray and windy, but no rain, and the streets are slowly drying. I will meet people for sure, and I have nothing to cover it up if i´m getting obviously wet, or if it starts running down my legs in the same moment that someone is passing me by, so this might be a very bad idea. But I can still make it, and i´m determined to try.

Even if can walk for hours I´m not much of a runner, so I´m just gonna go for the short one that´s ending up at the beach close to where I live. That means it´s first a small housecrowded street, that goes through a little forest, then a gravel road across a field, crossing of a railway and a more busy road, and then a path downhill to the beach area where there are lots of houses around.

I don´t wanna hold out longer, I´m going out. Allready walking down the stairs I feel a growing desperation, but it still comes in waves where I can relax a little inbetween. I´m gonna walk past the first houses as a warm up and start running when I reach the forest. It´s getting harder. I do have a good poker face but now I really need to focus on my holding as I do my best to walk normally. I´m thinking that there´s no way I´m gonna stay dry, and I start to get very nervous as the road approaches the forest area and the uphill where I´m gonna start running. I´ve met no people so far, only those that are working in the gardens at the side of the road, but I can feel myself sweating and my heart pounding already before I stretch my legs and start running.

I'm concentrating a lot on my pelvic floor muscles, and it´s working. No leaks at all. Still my heart´s pounding even more when a walking woman is passing me by, but I make it, and now I see nobody ahead of me, good. I run for a while, and then I´m at the crossing to the gravel road, and get scared to see a caravan of people walking towards me on the road across the field. First some kids, then an elderly couple, and then, what makes me smile, a family of a sheep and two lambs free running in the middle of the road! Well ok, I live in the countryside for sure, dogwalkers and riders are a common sight, but this! Behind the cute and happy sheep goes a man and a couple of kids, seems like they are moving the sheep somewhere. So I have to stay focused for a long time now, passing by all these people. 

My village is not that small, but small enough for a culture of making eye contact and greet as we meet on the street, whether we are strangers or not. So I stay cool as i´m running past them, I say hello, and I even can afford to smile to the sheep man, saying “well this is a rare sight”. I´m thinking to myself that a runner pissing herself would be a rare sight too, but well, I´m not! I´m in control, I can do this. And then, out of nowhere, that warm feeling in my crotch as I´m having a big leak. I can stop it immediately, and as I wait for a train to pass by at the rail road crossing, out of sight of the people, I inspect the damage. I can feel a big wet spot in my underwear, but nothing on the shorts. Fine.

After the crossing I keep running, and I´m in control again, but as my untrained legs start to get tired, so are my constantly fighting pelvic muscles for sure. Holding it requires loads of concentration, and it gets worse. I reach the path leading to the beach and from now on it´s downhill, and I can speed up some. It feels good, still dangerous, and when I see an approaching woman on the path, wearing a bathrobe, all fresh after her morning bath, I start shaking. Don´t give in, hold on… I hope that my now very obvious struggle can pass for caused by the running exercise. But I manage to face the woman and say hi, but lose some concentration and at the very moment she´s passing me by I feel a spurt in my underwear. I´m close to the beach now. An old man is doing something with his car, I leak again as I´m passing him by, praying he won´t look to close at me. But It´s not so bad yet, and just one last effort now, a pretty steep downhill and then I can jump into the lake!

Holding back the speed downhill turns out to be a little too much, as I pee again, and now I can´t control it, it´s a slow leak, but it continues for a while and there´s nothing I can do, as I feel my shorts getting soaked in the crotch and on my ass. I look down and I can see the patch between my legs. I get down to the beach, where my plan was to just take off my shirt and go directly to the water, but instead I just stop and freeze. The beach is full of people. There are like 3 families there, kids playing in the sand and adults sitting at the wodden deck, facing the water. 

Hey, it´s bad weather, what are you all people doing here? And why didn´t I even consider this? The leaking just stopped, but I don´t know what to do. If I go out on the bridge now i´ll get their attention and the bunch of 10-15 people will all have their faces on me, and my behind, my freshly pissed ass, and I have no idea how much it shows, and can´t really look. There´s no way I´m going out on the beach right now. Walking home is not an option either. So I just sit down in the grass, feeling stupid, pretending to rest, texting one of you omo guys about my situation.

My wet bottom is starting to get cold and still I need to go so bad, my big leaks haven´t eased that situation at all. But probably to let it flow now would be a bad idea, i´d better dry up a bit instead and regain courage to go into the water, hoping I can hold myself from peeing in front of the people before i´m safely in the water. Then I notice one family is heading to the parking lot, and the other ones seem to get their stuff packed. Come on, hurry up… I need to pee. And I really need a good swim too. After an eternity of 10 minutes I finally have the place for myself.

I stay right where I am, sitting in the grass. I spread my legs, relax and slowly release. That wonderful feeling of relief and warm pee spreading under me, now totally soaking my crotch and the whole back of my shorts, then swallowed by the grassground underneath me. When I feel like I´m done I go out on the bridge, way out to the ladder at the end of it. Just before going in to the water I feel I have a little more to come, and after a quick look around me I stand still and let it dribble down the legs. I jump in the water and have a long great swim in the warm vawes, and in the very same moment I get up on the bridge it starts raining.

*005*2020-06-25 17:44

{{On 6/24/2020 at 11:28 AM, rachelkirwan said:

Great story, thanks for sharing, I'm with you when it comes to running downhill, this and stairs is where I get most of my leaks while running!

}}

Thanks, I´ve read some of your stories too, and loved them!

{{On 6/24/2020 at 7:32 PM, Spectator9 said:

A good report of a daring and pleasurable event!

}}

{{On 6/24/2020 at 3:01 PM, peedespes02 said:

Very good story and good detail. Thanks for sharing.

}}

{{20 hours ago, kalle2020 said:

Good story, very well written. Thanks!

}}

Thank you, I´m very glad you liked it! Another outdoor wetting is coming soon.

