Re-Wetting Red Boxer Briefs (OC, Video)

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2021-05-14 06:45

Going through some old files I found a video from last year that I thought I had deleted...so I decided to upload it here instead.

Background: The original public wetting occurred at a shopping complex, detailed in this thread.

After the initial wetting, I continued hydrating a bit during the ride back. After all, what's better than one wetting? Multiple wettings!

When I got home, I hung up my pants and boxers so that they'd dry a little bit, but with the additional fluid intake, it didn't take very long for me to fill up again while I was composing the first thread. My plan was to set up and get the whole re-wetting on video, but my stressed bladder rapidly reached its breaking point, and I had already delayed too long.

I grabbed everything I needed and ran toward the downstairs basement where I had planned to go. However, I quickly found out my body had other ideas. I shot to a 10 immediately and clenched as hard as I could, but my muscles were already overworked from the previous desperate events and all I could manage to hold back was a single spurt before it gave way and started forcefully purging the contents of my bladder into my already-saturated clothes, where it settled as a swiftly-growing puddle on the kitchen floor. As good as it felt...this was not part of the plan!

I almost gave in entirely, prepared to accept my indignant situation and flooding a part of the place I wasn't intending to...but I had a mission, and I didn't want to make clean up worse than it already was.

With my bladder half empty, and trailing pee behind me, I was finally able to stem the tide long enough to make it into the basement and give myself the relief that was very much needed. I set the camera up and let go...having learned not to wait so long the next time.

20201028_194021_Trim.mp4

