How I got here

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-08-04 20:38

So I just joined and this is my first real post - so be nice! haha

Like I said in my into post, my name is Vicky, I'm 18, just about to be a freshman in college later this month. I just found out about all of this type of thing within the last couple of weeks. I had no idea people did this sort of thing for fun until then.

But for me it started at a party a couple of weeks ago. Some of my old high school friends were hanging out and just having fun, fooling around in one of their back yards, just being 18 year old girls. I had drunk a lot of coke and we were joking around and I really had to pee pretty bad but I kept holding it. Soon I was squirming and holding my crotch. One of my friends noticed and told me to go to the bathroom. I said I was fine. I just stayed and we kept talking and laughing. Soon I was bursting and stood up to go in to the bathroom when one of the other girls dared me to pee my pants. Everyone laughed. At first I was like "no" but they dared me and cheered me on so finally I figured what the hell and said ok. Crazy, right?

So they had me stand off to the side of the deck in the grass and all gathered to watch. There were five other girls and me. So I stood there in the grass, legs slightly apart, hands on my hips, and tried to let go but I just couldn't pee myself on purpose at first. The girls egged me on and I tried drinking some water and they teased me with hissing noises and water sounds. Finally I squeezed out a little bit into my panties and felt them get a little wet. But they couldn't see it.

So I pushed some more and got some more to come out and it showed on my shorts and they all laughed and told me to go all the way. So I relaxed and closed my eyes and after a few more seconds I felt my bladder relax and suddenly I was doing it. I was totally peeing my shorts. In front of other people. They all started laughing and cheering and I laughed and kept peeing. It soaked my shorts and ran down my legs and feet. I finished and stood there for a second and they had me turn around to show them my butt.

Then I realized one of the girls had filmed it on her phone! I made her show me the video. I watched the replay of the wetness spreading on my shorts and the pee pouring and dripping down my legs but then I made her delete it. The girl whose house we were at helped me hose off with a garden hose and spray off my legs and shorts and then took me inside and I got a clean pair of panties and shorts from her to borrow and left my wet ones with her to go through the washing machine before I left to go home.

It was all just for fun. We all then spent the next hour talking about times we had peed our pants and laughing. But for some reason I realized I was kind of excited by it. Not like "funny" excited, but like "aroused" excited.

When I got home later that night I sat on my toilet with my panties still on, peed a little into them, and then rubbed myself to an amazing orgasm. Then I felt bad because it was so naughty and unladylike. I had never done anything like that before. I showered and went to bed but couldn't stop thinking about it. A couple of days later I masturbated thinking about wetting again. And then again. Finally I waited until my parents were out the next weekend and when I had a few hours alone I stood in my bathtub and peed myself in another pair of shorts and had another amazing orgasm.

I think now I'm hooked. Every chance I get I want to pee myself and its all I want to think about when I masturbate. I feel really weird about it but excited by it at the same time. So I googled it and found out there are others in the world like me and that helps me feel a little better, but I guess I wanted to actually "join the community" a little to meet others who are like me so I feel less alone by all this, you know?

And I'm sorry it was so long.

*007*2011-08-08 20:14

{{ 

Hey if that's what you like then good on you. There's a lot of guys, and some girls, that really enjoy this stuff to. It's nice to find a girl out there who gets into this thing, outside of models who are paid to do this stuff. Personally I think it was great, and it's better long. Short stories just don't always excite us as much often times. It had a lot of juicy details that made your story all the better. So...welcome to the club ^_^

}}

Thank you. Glad you enjoyed it and didn't think it was too long.

{{ 

Hot damn that was a great story! I give you a warm(and wet) welcome to AnimePee. It's always nice to find a woman that's into Omorashi; if you've got any more stories to tell, i'd LOVE to hear them!

}}

I will, thanks!

{{ 

Welcome to the wonderful world of A.P.! :D It's a nice little area and we are all pretty friendly here. ^_^ So, get comfy and relax with everybody. Join the IRC sometime and have fun.

}}

Thank you.

{{ 

Hey, thanks for the story and welcome!

It's amazing, the feeling you get when the pee floods you... but for me it's also the relief after having held for a long time. i guess this is not your case though?

Enjoy your stay!

}}

It is a huge relief to let go after holding it for a long time for sure! I like that feeling too, not just the wetting. Both are great!

{{ 

Welcome to the sight! never feel embarrassed about your desires! we all have our secrets >^.^< well..not on this site! lolz

Anywayz, enjoy your stay and enjoy your new life style!

}}

Thank you!

{{ 

Wow, great story. Welcome and I hope you share more stories with us. Like, maybe all the stories the other girls and you were sharing after your wetting?

}}

The stories from the other girls? I'll try if I can remember them. They didn't really give a lot of details though.

One peed her skirt in 3rd grade when the teacher wouldn't let her go.

Another laughed so hard she peed herself a little but enough to show a wet spot at a party in middle school when she was 13 and everybody saw and made fun of her.

One peed her pants in her car with her parents on a trip when she was like 12 and was next to her brother and he wouldn't stop making fun of her until her parents yelled at him.

Last one admitted that she peed herself at work only like two months ago. She works at a fast food place wearing black pants and they got really busy and she was in the drive through window and had to pee really bad but they were slammed and she couldn't leave and she started to leak a little and get wet and then started peeing more and then while she was taking an order she lost it and totally wet herself. She made a puddle on the floor even but she intentionally dropped a full drink to cover up the pee puddle. lol (Oh, and she's also 18 years old. I think all of us are now from that party.)

*009*2011-08-10 20:51

{{ 

Thanks, Vikcypee. I love that last story. Sounds very hot. And quick thinking on her part to spill the drink.

Hope you share more with us. Like - have you ever had an actual accident or only these times you did it on purpose?

}}

Thanks sentinelchicken (that's a funny name!)

Yes i've had real accidents before and now i do it on purpose for fun. i guess i can tell about the accidents if you all want me to?

*011*2011-08-11 16:20

{{ 

Yes, please. :]

}}

Haha, ok i'll post about the accidents i can remember.



