High School Story - Playing in the Snow

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-26 04:56

One night, while hanging out, a couple of the guys decided it would be a fun idea to go sledding/snow tubing/snowboarding, and plans were quickly made, alcohol acquired. The drinking began right away, of course, even in the truck being driven by the older brother of my sometimes lover, Luke. Not even halfway to the brother's girlfriend's house to pick her up, Luke was complaining that he needed to piss, but his brother refused to pull over since Luke had just gotten busted for pissing in public a couple days ago, and got off with a warning. Upon arriving at the girlfriend's house, big brother went inside, and the moment he was out of site, Luke hurried out of the truck and began pissing in the snowy street.

When he was gone, another friend, Rose, announced to me and her foster brother that she had to piss, too, and was debating getting out of the truck when Luke came back in and announced he'd found the concrete under the snow just before his brother came out and asked him if he'd just pissed by the car. Luke admitted right away he had, proud of himself, and his brother scolded him and told him he was going to get everyone busted, and ordered him into the back with all the equipment and the rest of us.

It was a tight fit, since the other guy was about 450 pounds, if not more, and I ended up sitting in Luke's lap. We had to stop at a liquor store, and Rose wanted to get out and piss again, but Luke's brother told her to just hold it until we got to the hill, it would look suspicious if she came into the liquor store with him. I was starting to have to go, too, but I knew I could wait until we got to the hill, which was in a park in the ghetto nearby. I wasn't wild about having to piss outside in the cold, but hey, it would still be pissing outside.

After picking up more beer, we went to the hill. Big brother opened up the back of the truck to let us out, and Rose immediately took off for the winter-dead trees and bushes. I decided to hold it for awhile longer, and went with the guys and big brother's girlfriend up to the hill. I wasn't sure I wanted to play in the snow. Even though I was wearing sweatpants, jeans, a hoodie, and Luke's hunting coat, and I had been drinking, I was still cold. I didn't have boots either, just my old Nike Cortez, which I reinforced with duct tape for this adventure. Two pairs of socks. Stupid knit hat. I stood and watched the guys play in the snow. Luke was more into it than 450lb Joe, who grew winded fast, and shamelessly pissed right out in the open, and there were a lot of people on the hill that night, the park was in the middle of a very urban area. Seeing him do that made me realize I needed to piss soon.

I excused myself from the other two girls, and began looking for a more discrete, respectful place to do it than where Joe had. Growing desperation made me hasty, so I resorted to the street, between two parked cars, hidden somewhat by a snowbank. I even hoped I'd be able to piss, sometimes my bladder shut down in the cold. But, I didn't have problems that night, I took a nice long piss pretty confident no one had seen me. When I stood up, I realized how drunk I was; when I drank, I tended to overdo it. I began heading up the hill to find Luke's brother and get the keys for the truck, so I could sit inside and listen to the radio. Halfway up, I ran into Rose and the brother's girlfriend, who told me they were going to take a piss and asked me if I wanted to join them. I told them no, that I'd just "found the concrete" down yonder, and that I just wanted the keys so I could sit in the truck.

Normally, I would've loved to join them, but I was at the point where I was starting to feel like crap and just wanted to sit, even lay down if possible. So, the girlfriend gave me the keys and said they'd meet me in the truck. I went out to the truck, and surprisingly, big brother was also there. I gave him the keys, and sat down in the passenger seat, enjoying the heat until the girls came back, and I had to give the seat up to the girlfriend. But, he was a gentleman, and got out to let all three of us sit in the heated cab. Rose told me she'd tried getting back to the bushes she'd pissed in earlier, but had started pissing herself and just had to yank down her pants and just let it flow right where she was. That, of course, had made big brother's girlfriend need to go even worse, so she'd just squatted right down beside Rose. Rose said she was thankful she was wearing two layers of sweatpants, so her accident didn't show.

Joe came back to the car, too, and laid down in the truck bed like Jabba and passed out. I was starting to feel like I had to piss again. I was just about to excuse myself when big brother came back with Luke. When I had to leave the comfort of the cab for the cold, cramped truck bed, my need grew to the point I had to ask big brother to drop me off first, before anyone else, unless he wanted to let me out for a quick piss. Of course, he didn't. I only lived about 10-15 minutes from the hill, but in the cold, my seal broken, I was miserable.

Rose was encouraging, telling me that I'd make it home and wouldn't wet my pants like she had, but I doubted it. I had my house key in my hand ready to go half a mile from my house, my skin was tingling I needed to piss so badly. Finally, we got to my house, big brother let me out, and I dashed up to the house, hoping I wouldn't wet myself on the doorstep like I had in second grade. Luck was in my favor, no one was in the bathroom, or even awake, but I had just reached my limits by the time I got there. My undies and sweatpants were pretty wet by the time I collapsed on the toilet and took another endless piss.

*002*2016-06-26 05:30

{{15 minutes ago, Raiden S. said:

Cute story! I've always loved alcohol's effects on the bladder and how people empty it. As much as I like the term piss, I think it might have gotten a little repetitive here, so I might suggest a bit more variety in your language, but that's not too important, especially in an experience story. I think you told this excellently.

}}

Thank you, and you're totally right, I did use the word "piss" a million times in this story...and in a lot of other stories I've written. Favorite word, I guess, but I'll definitely vary it up in future postings!

*004*2016-06-27 22:04

{{On 6/26/2016 at 4:48 PM, moiamigo said:

Would love to hear you say it for real..... I bet you sound hot....

}}

I'll remember to include that in a future video ;)

*006*2016-06-27 23:19

{{9 minutes ago, moiamigo said:

Wow that would be amazing! Do u ever do it in pantyhose btw? They look great wet.

}}

Nah, I don't even wear pantyhose, don't like them.

