Inducing (Lucid) Pee Dreams

Author: themerger

*000*2020-08-03 17:38

Hi all!

I had my first 'pee dream' for the first time in a while. About two hours prior to bed I had two beers and a portion of (moderate strength) THC edible with friends. I think I drank a mug of water before falling asleep very quickly.

I remember having a very vivid dream in which I peed in the toilet but still felt like I had more to release. No matter how hard I tried I was unable to completely empty my bladder in the dream, which- in the context of the dream- alarmed me; my dream self clearly thought I should've been able to continue peeing. There were some other, less memorable events in the dream, but I ultimately woke up in a moderately desperate state. Upon waking I realized that my pee dream was a manifestation of my full bladder in real life and- somewhat to my dismay- I was unable to achieve what my dream self so desperately wanted to.

Now granted I had no protection on my bed or body that would've mitigated cleanup, so clearly my brain was processing signals that it was not the BEST time to wet my bed. However, I am very interested in exploring the possibility of inducing and indulging a sort of lucid pee dream in which I still might exercise some agency or at least making a subconscious attempt to wet myself with proper protection (I already have diapers and a mattress protector).

Thoughts???

###

I tried recreating the situation last night but did not consume as much alcohol, nor achieved as restful of a state before attempting to sleep (I played video games right up to bedtime). I wore a diaper and laid down a towel just to be safe, but only managed to sleep a couple hours before waking with a desperate need to pee. I even tried just laying in bed and wetting a diaper (something I have little experience with) and- though a seasoned Omo enthusiast- had a surprisingly difficult time letting go. Instead of going downstairs to the bathroom I got up, stood next to my bed, and let go in the diaper. After a quick wipe down, powder, and change into fresh undies, I got back in bed and went to sleep. No dreams to speak of at all.

