Work Holiday Party Thursday Night, Wet Bed Friday Morning (x2/x3)

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-12-15 03:40

So, as I teased, Thursday night was my works holiday party, and I planned on getting drunk, or as I promised ‘wrecked.’ It’s been a busy few months and I wanted to unwind, also the party featured free wine and other drinks, vouchers for rides home, and after the official party, myself, the hubby, and a bunch of the younger people from work and their partners planned on going out clubbing.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/55918-getting-wrecked-tonight/?do=embed"

All in all, I planned to be less than responsible (especially after leaving the official work function), and in anticipation I left out a pair of Goodnites on the bed, and put down my peepod pad in place. I felt rather naughty leaving these things out on the bed.

I wore a cute black skirt, nothing too short so that if I bend over people would see my knickers, but also not too long to be frumpy. Now there was some discussion about shimapan (striped panties), so I pulled on a pair of white with blue stripes (not to be confused with blue with white stripes) panties.

Anyhow, I slipped a pad into my panties before leaving, for other reasons, put on some moderately sensible shoes (for dancing and tottering about), grabbed a small purse, changed my husband’s shirt and shoes, and we headed out.

I won’t ramble on about the official work party portion of the evening. There were the usual chit chat, and some speeches, and so forth. I mostly kept it together, as in addition to staff we also had a ton of our volunteers out at the event. I did however, partake in a good portion of wine, possibly 5 glasses, maybe less, it was a little hard to say. Anyhow, water and finger food were also consumed with abandon, and the washroom was visited often.

Once this part wrapped up, a decent sized group wandered down to the pre-arranged club. It was probably around 11pm at this point, and I was decently tipsy. I really haven’t gone clubbing in a little while, so it was kind of nice, but I was glad we had a bunch of friends and people we knew around.

So much dancing occurred and I drank even more, I don’t really know how many but enough to stay a little tottery and certainly goofy. It was your usual club tunes, which means I knew very little of the music, as I’ve not gone clubbing in a while, but that was part of the fun, as most of the songs were new, we just sort of alternated between thrashing about on the dance floor, and leaning up against the wall drinking.

I do have pretty clear recollection of one point in the night, which will be of interest to readers. This officers when rigorous dancing was taking place closer to the side of the dancing area. Jumping and dancing were happening and at one point I jumped up with both feet as high as I could go and landed hard with my legs slightly spread apart. Dancing on a mostly full bladder is fine for me, as long as I’m not doing anything too theatrical, and this was just the kind of move that gets me in trouble.

As I landed I felt a serious whoosh of liquid escape my body. The pad I was wearing was flooded instantly and in my drunken state it took me a few seconds to bear down and stop the flow.

I giggled and looked down. Fortunately, my legs were spread, so all I had done was soak my panties and pad, and leave a small (but noticeable spot) on the dance floor.

No one seems to have noticed, and so I took a few steps to the wall, where I leaned to catch my breath and keep giggling.

I felt a little goofy and thought I’d snap a picture of my little puddle (inhibitions being lowered), and I got a little carried away and took a bunch of pictures, which ended up looking cool because of the strobe lights.

Anyhow, this is the puddle I left on the dance floor.

After snapping these pictures, I hurried off to the washroom. The line wasn’t long and I got in a stall, pulled out the soaked pad, pulled off my panties, and squeeze dried them with toilet paper.

Now despite my having brought a smaller purse I did have my usual spare pair of panties in a little zip lock bag with a spare backup pad. So I swapped out my panties, stuffing the striped panties into the baggie and pulling the fresh panties back on (after emptying my bladder in the toilet and carefully wiping my girl parts dry).

Now my dress is the length where you could get away with going without panties, if you were careful, but I was not really at a stage of sobriety where I was going to be careful, there was a good chance that folks were going to see my knickers. I also should mention that my spare panties were not a dark colour that might have been harder to see in the low light of the club should a girl ‘get low’ or you know, do some other potentially revealing dance move. No, these panties were one of my dinosaur print panties.

For some reason, wearing dinosaur print panties at a club felt very naughty.

Why naughty you ask? Because if you are going to flash someone your panties ‘accidentally’ what’s more adorable, striped panties, or dino print panties? I’ll let you all decide. But basically, I was wearing a very adult dress and shoes, but had on one of my more adorable girly pairs of panties.

I contemplated snapping some pictures of my wet panties and pad in the toilet, but I was tipsy and worried about dropping my phone in the toilet... needless to say I wasn't quite all there at this point.

I rejoined the group and danced and drank until the club closed. By the time the lights came up, I was rather tipsy and kind of draped off my husband. Now he had quite a bit to drink as well but kept things together as he knew I was going to get messy.

At this stage my recollection of the evening is patchy. Did I mention I’d been drinking?

So I do remember a few snippets which are worth recounting.

We were just in line to get our coats when my hubby leaned close to my ear and whispered (or sort of whispered, as there were plenty of people around us talking and you would have needed a stage whisper in order to be heard):

“I’m going to get our coats. You should visit the washroom before we grab a cab.”

I remember blushing furiously and starting to protest, but then checking my bladder and realizing that he was right, and knows me well enough that when I’m drinking like this, I’m very sloppy. Neither of us wanted me to wet a taxi seat, so I scampered off to the washroom to pee.

I should add that when he does things like this, like reminding me to use the washroom ‘just in case,’ or to ‘wash my hands,’ or similar things like this, it makes me feel little and protected by a caring Daddy figure, and I love it!

Anyhow, I nipped off to the loo and peed. I also pulled out the pad I had on, as it had caught a few additional dance-move related dribbles throughout the rest of the evening.

I made it back to the coat check just after he got our coats. We said goodbye to a couple of our friends who had stuck it out, and my hubby ended up chatting with one of them for a little while, before we jumped in a cab (or Uber, I don’t remember).

We got home, and made it up to our flat. I’m sure my hubby did a bit of lifting and pulling, as I was slightly uncooperative.

Once we got home, the shoes came off, the purse which I miraculously still had found a comfortable spot on the floor, and staggering to the bedroom, I pulled off my dress in one go, and flopped down on the bed.

I guess my hubby stayed up a little later, or fell asleep on the coach or something, because the next thing I knew he was shaking my awake. I was still pretty groggy, but apparently I had peed the bed wearing my dino panties and bra.

I had more or less positioned myself onto the peepod pad, so the clean up was rather easy. I think I reprimanded my hubby for not properly changing my into ‘my nighttime panties’ and was more or less unhelpful as he pulled off the peepod pad, used a corner of it to more or less wipe my girl parts, and properly prepare me for bed.

It must have been about 4 am or something (my hubby later confirmed that it was only like 3 am and I’d only been in bed for like an hour). Anyhow, he helped me into the Goodnites, which were still laying on the bed, and helped me get off my bra. The wet pad and panties were more or less folded up and flopped onto the floor.

In order to stave off a hangover, we both had a glass of water. I knew it would likely end up mostly in the bed, but I am not a fan of hangovers.

I remember putting up a fuss about not being ready for bed, and worried about wetting the bed again, so while I put on some PJ bottoms, my hubby located one of our Goodnite bed pads, stuck it down on the sheets, and put me to bed. This time he joined me and we were both out like a light.

###

The next morning I woke up to the feeling of wet cold cloth against my skin. It wasn’t too late, my phone said like 11 am, and normally given how late we had been up, I would have had a lay in, but I was wet. VERY wet.

I felt around underneath me and between my legs and I felt a very wet and swollen Goodnite, along with wet PJ bottoms, and even a considerable wet spot on the bed pad.

My hubby was groggily mumbling next to me, so I dragged myself out of bed, stripped off the wet PJ bottoms, and padded into the washroom wearing a very swollen diaper.

I took my all-too-common post-bedwetting shower, and then, because I was mostly awake at this point, I went about making breakfast.

After a while, my hubby joined me and filled me in on some of the events of the evening (used to complete the above story). He also lightly teased me about wetting the bed twice in one night; Something about knowing he had a wife who wet the bed, but just not that much. And also ‘for a little girl, I certainly peed a lot.’

This had the effect of both embarrassing and turning me on. I thanked him for taking good care of me the previous night, and promised sexy times later in the day, once we were both a little less hung over (the water had not really helped).

While tidying up, I thought I’d snap a picture of both bedwetting incidents for posterity (and you perverts).

So here is the aftermath of the first wetting; my peepod pad and wet dino panties (the wet striped panties were still in the baggie in my purse).

As you can see, the pad did a good job of catching this initial accident.

The pad and panties were cold to the touch, and smelled only faintly of pee.

I then artfully arranged the Goodnite, wet PJs, on top of the wet bed pad, and snapped some more pics.

I can’t believe I peed that much, usually, a Goodnite can hold one full Rachel bladder, so given the size of the puddle on the bed pad and the dampness of my PJ bottoms, I must have wet twice wearing these things. So I’ve left the title a little vague…

Anyhow, here are the shots of the Goodnite in the bathroom on its own, so you can see how wet it got.

Anyhow, that was my rowdy messy night.

I hope you enjoyed it.

Rachel

*005*2019-12-15 20:53

{{1 hour ago, scinosensation said:

@rachelkirwan

Thanks for the report. Glad there was no major public embarrassment. I do have a question. The party was Thursday evening and there was a major bed wetting Saturday morning. What happened to Saturday?

}}

Did I say Saturday morning? Oh I did, I think I was confused about the days given that partying on a Thursday is a strange occurrence I should have put Friday Wow I was still messed up Saturday to not have noticed this

Just fixed that

*008*2019-12-16 03:09

{{3 hours ago, neil40001 said:

I just love you Rachel. Kiss kiss !

}}

Thanks!

*011*2019-12-18 22:29

{{15 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

Wow, this is incredible! Once again, you are stunning Rach.

I know you've done similar at the doc's office, but have you ever considered planning out a full on accident in public? Maybe letting yourself get full to bursting at a festival or concert, running to a restroom or portapotties when you know you'll never make it, and losing it in the queue?

}}

Aww thanks and well I've done a number of full accidents in public, most are in the rain or when I'm out jogging. I will have to consider something more public in the future (probably when I'm travelling

*013*2019-12-22 20:12

{{3 hours ago, Tonsor said:

That was a great story! I hope you appropriately thanked hubby later ..... Which also could've ended with some wet times maybe

}}

Oh he always gets well rewarded to indulging my kinks

*015*2019-12-31 22:46

I'm off to another rather wild party tonight, so the bed pad is out with Goodnites prominently placed in obvious sight, and I'm going to wear a pad (and bring spares).

Happy New Year everyone!

*017*2020-01-01 00:36

{{1 hour ago, Calvin1 said:

Looking forward to another great story. Hopefully pictures as well. Really enjoy your stories and adventures. Have a great time tonight!!!!

}}

Thanks! I might forgoe the Goodnite on purpose, I'll see how the mood takes me, but at the moment I'm feeling rather naughty!

*021*2020-01-01 22:27

{{14 hours ago, xdangman said:

Wow, totally enjoyed your story it is so well written and so detailed that reader get the feeling like being there and saw it in own eyes. Couldnt imagine that you might have nice party, thanks for sharing this for us so we can be pervs as we do and enjoy it too.

Have a good party and make sure you are enough protection just in case..

}}

I have a story to write up for y'all

Just got up

