Leaking Again...

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2020-09-15 01:14

Well, I’ve been leaking again…

As many of you will know by now, I grew up with OAB which resulted in many a wet bed and a substantial amount of daytime leaks. After trying a ton of different treatments I finally discovered Botox

, where they give you a bunch of Botox jabs that calm your overactive muscles significantly. This really worked for me, and it had a huge positive impact on my life. After my first treatment I stopped wetting the bed (except on the odd night when I drink way too much or get high), and I only leak during the day when I sneeze, cough, or work out hard, that sort of thing.

A mostly dry Rachel went on to lose her virginity, start a modestly successful dirty panty selling business

, get married, finish her grad school, etc.

Anyhow, the magic of Botox is not forever, and you need to get jabbed about every 6 months to keep the symptoms of OAB from returning. I’m pretty lucky, the treatments seem to be pretty effective for as much as 8 months, which is good because despite the effectiveness, I still really dislike the treatment (I think I’ve cried every time).

Well, my last treatment was in early January, and scheduling a new appointment was frustrated a little as a result of COVID, both on the part of the clinic and my own reservations about going out to a clinic during the height of a pandemic.

I’m scheduled for an appointment at the end of the month, and it’s a good thing, as my OAB symptoms have started flaring up again. It started up with increased incidents of sudden urgency a couple of weeks ago, and more recently has manifested itself in a couple of wet bed. I thought I’d share a couple of these incidents with you, as despite the incident being annoying, I know some of you kinksters will enjoy them, particularly because I did manage to snap a couple of pictures here and there.

Also, don’t worry too much about me, I’m used to these kinds of little leaks and wet sheets as I grew up with OAB, and it’s mostly just a matter of managing things until I can get my jabs at the end of the month. Even at the best of times I leak when I’m working out (and I’ve got a story to share with you about this too, actually a couple, so stay tuned).

Like many of you, I’m sure, I have been working from home for the past… oh I can’t even count how many months, as a result of the pandemic. At first it was a lot of extra work, sorting out how to run things from home, but more recently I’ve managed to get into a good flow of things. I don’t need to go out of the house too much as a result, with my hubby and I mostly only venturing out for groceries or short workouts. Actually that’s mostly it.

The return of my OAB symptoms while working from home is actually the best place to experience them (if you must experience them), as if a sudden urge hits me I’m about 15 steps away from the loo and can jump up and pee. I’ve still had a couple of key-in-latch leaks, certainly more than usual, but I’ve averted many accidents but just getting up and going.

This is a problem on longer Zoom calls, but as many of you know, I’ve been taking advantage of working from home to engage in a little more diaper fun and games (I promise to share some of my adventures soon). So diapering up for longer Zoom calls where I can’t jump up to the loo has been no problem, and sometimes part of other playtime diaper fun.

However, finding a loo ‘right now!’ when you are out grocery shopping during a pandemic is quite another story. I thought I’d share a little about the first unplanned public accident I had recently. Well ok, the first unplanned accident other than the usual leaks I get while working out. This was when my symptoms were just coming back and I had yet to take up the practice of wearing a pad regularly. Actually, I’ve only just started doing this recently, as I had a bunch of dirty panty order to complete.

I was out shopping for groceries with my hubby about three weeks ago, both wearing masks like responsible adults, and trying to fill a shopping cart with as much as we could carry to minimize the number of grocery store visits we would need. It’s been super hot in Vancouver these past few weeks, and so I was wearing a knee-length grey pleated skirt, with a greenish t-shirt on top. Nothing fancy. I was wearing comfortable shoes as we would be walking back with lots of groceries. Also, to maximize my ability to carry groceries, I had left my purse at home. Fortunately, the skirt has pockets! (I know, right?) So I stuffed my keys and phone in those. This is important, I promise.

We were halfway through our shopping list when boom! The urge to pee hit me very suddenly. I immediately crossed my legs and instinctively looked around for a loo. Of course there wasn’t one in the middle of the supermarket, all I could see was rice and noodles.

I knew I was going to have to really hurry if I was going to make it without having a serious accident. I hurriedly told my hubby to keep shopping without me and without a glance behind me I took off jogging towards the exit of the supermarket. It was a bit of a slalom getting out, as they expect you to use the checkouts and the designers did not build quick exits for women about to wet themselves, and all the people waiting for the checkout were properly physically distancing. This allowed me to weak around them but I had to slow my pace to not knock anyone over.

I found a way out and headed for it at top speed. I realized that at the pace I was going the people behind the cash registers (and the added security at the front, there to help control the number of people in the shop) might think I was shoplifting. I quickly checked my pace and with as much decorum as possible, pushed towards the exit.

Despite my slowed pace I could see a look of concern in the face of one of the security people who had noticed me, and I had to make a quick decision – I could slow down further and explain that I was just running off to the loo and I would be right back to retrieve my abandoned hubby (who was probably sneaking too many cookies into our cart), or I could play up my desperation (holding myself for example), hoping the security person would infer my intent and let me through without question.

Both options would require me to reveal my current embarrassing predicament, and neither was at all appealing.

As it turned out, my bladder made up my mind for me. As I approached the little sort of metal turnstile thing that opens to let people without purchases out (or larger strollers and that sort of thing) the other side of which stood the observant security guard, my bladder had a spasm and I could feel my panties flood with warm pee.

It wasn’t a full on accident – just the kind that’s enough to soak your panties and perhaps send a thin line of pee running down your inner thigh. But it was enough for me to let out a little gasp and blush. My hand instinctively reached for my crotch but I knew that if I tried to hold myself, a) it would draw further attention to my predicament, and b) the wetness of my panties might soak through my grey skirt, revealing my accident to the world.

I stoically resisted the urge to hold myself, and regaining my composure. I opened the gate, smiled at the guard (who could not see my smile or my blushing cheeks due to my mask), and mustering up my courage I told the older male Sikh security guard “hey, I’m just going to visit the loo, I’ll be right back, is that ok?” As though I needed his permission to pee, like in school. Although I suppose I did need his permission to get back in.

He sort of nodded and move to one side and I speed-walked towards the washrooms around the corner. The washrooms were down this long corridor and as I moved down the corridor I sped up, so that by the time I approached the toilets I was once again at a solid job.

I skidded into the washroom and looked for an open stall. Some of the stalls and sinks were closed off to encourage physical distancing, but also resulting in fewer stalls being available. I was once again tempted to hold myself as another strong spasm squeezed another small jet of pee out of my bladder. I squeezed my legs together and froze and could feel the warm flow running down the inside of my legs.

I was fortunate that there was an open stall and regaining control before the stream seemingly hit the ground, I awkwardly waddled into the stall with my legs still squeezed together.

Once inside I slammed the door shut and had my skirt up and my panties down in less than a second. Scarcely was my bottom hovering over the toilet seat than I was peeing.

It wasn’t a normal full on full bladder pee. That’s the thing with OAB. Your bladder tells you to pee now, and will even release but it does so not when you are bursting, but at other inopportune times. I peed for maybe 15 second and then stopped.

I was now able to assess my situation. My panties, spread taught between my knees, were very wet. Otherwise most of my clothes had avoided any damage (apart from a small wet spot on the top of on sock). I wiped down my legs, which were glistening slightly, and between my legs, before turning to my panties.

My heart rate was slowly beginning to subside and I carefully removed my panties. One of the perks of skirts my friends!

The white polka dot cotton panties I had been wearing were quite wet in the front of the gusset, but not, surprisingly, on the back. Before I patted them dry with wads of toilet paper, I decided to snap a couple of pictures, as despite the mild shock of the ordeal, I thought I now had a public wetting story to share with my perverted friends (and it has been a while since I’ve been able to share a story).

$$

This done, I dried my panties as best I could, and then carefully slipped them back on. I decided I would not add a small pad of toilet paper between the panties and my lips so that I could feel the wet fabric while I wrapped up my shopping.

$$

As most of you will know, had I brought my purse with me I would have easily been able to change into the spare panties I always keep, just in case. But I quite literally had keys and a phone in the only somewhat deep pockets on my skirt. So it was damp panties, commando, or a hastily constructed toilet paper pad. I opted for the first option.

Post- accident I was not feeling a little naughty. On reflection, I was also feeling quite fortunate. With COVID and the reduced number of stalls, I was lucky to have not had to wait in a queue for the loo. Had there been a line, I’m sure I would have had a very public accident indeed.

I composed myself, and left the stall to wash my hands. Only then did I notice a couple of small droplets near the entrance to the washroom where I had paused initially. Had I made a puddle or were these part of the regular wet bits that tend to accumulate on public bathroom floors? I couldn’t be sure.

I took a while washing my hands and all the while I could feel the wet fabric of my panties caressing my sex.

Properly composed, I headed back to the supermarket. Walking back I check my phone messages which had popped up. The hubby, caring as he is, had sent me half a dozen messages to inquire after me. I sent him a ‘Everything is ok + wet emoji + frowny face’ and ‘where are you at?’ And I learned that he was in the tea/coffee section.

I had now reached the same security guard I had hurried past maybe 5 minutes ago. He clearly recognized me and gave me a hello and nod of recognition. There was a line of about three people waiting to get in, but he waived me over beckoned for me to come back in the way I had hastily existed.

He said something like “Come on in." And opened the gate. I smiled, again momentarily forgetting that this was a less than effective way of communicating given that we were all wearing masks, and then instead said “Thanks.”

“No problem,” he intoned, “make it in time?” He said in like a classic jokey Dad line. And I was very fortunate that the mask thoroughly covered up most of my deep blush. I made some kind of noise of acknowledgement, and then pressed back into the store to find my husband before he bought way too much tea.

I found him mulling over two different types of loose tea in a way that only a Brit can, and announced my presence.

“Everything ok hun?” He asked.

“Yeah, sorry about that,” I apologized in classic Canadian fashion.

He raised an eyebrow but as we were still in public and I had basically already communicated my situation via emoji, he gave me a quick once over, clearly inspecting for wet spots, and then turned back to the tea.

We continued shopping and every so often, when my damp panties would rub up against my leg or lips I would vacillate between naughty thoughts and embarrassment.

I maneuvered us to the checkout furthest away from the security guard on our way out, mostly because I felt like my response to his very innocent question was kind of a giveaway that I had not indeed made it to the washroom on time and admitting this to a stranger was mortifying (and exciting) and horrifying.

We headed home, ladened with groceries, and once we were into the more residential portion of our walk home, I told my hubby what happened. Or rather, I summarized. He asked something like “So… everything ok?”

And I responded something like “Yeah, nothing to worry about, I just really had to go suddenly, you know how it is.”

And we chit chatted about my upcoming appointment.

When we got home I ducked out from helping put away the groceries to visit the loo once more and I had the opportunity to inspect my panties.

They had dried somewhat thanks to both time and my ministrations with toilet paper earlier.

All the walking and talking about wetting, and my accident and public setting had really got me a little excited as I had made them wet in another way was well.

If you look closely you can see that my now lightly throbbing nether parts had left a wet patch of another kind.

$$

I snapped a couple of pictures.

$$

Nipped into the bedroom to pick out a dry pair of panties, and then rejoined my hubby in the kitchen to help put the food away.

$$

We chatted as we did so and planned dinner, but I made it very clear that before any rice was going to get cooked, or carrots chopped, that first I was going to need a proper good fucking.

$$

While part of me really wanted to be taken right there in the now tidied kitchen, I decided against this and sensibly put down a towel on the bed before dragging my hubby down on top of me.

$$

###

So this was a couple of weeks ago, and since this time I’ve had a couple of other close calls and key-in-latch accident in our own washroom. These weren’t too serious and as many of my dirty panty customers are into authentic wetting panties, I didn’t adopt wearing a pad as regularly as I might have a few years ago.

I do of course carry a couple of different kinds of pads and spare panties in my purse and I had occasion to use these while on a rare visit to the office, again, a couple of weeks ago.

But this is a story for another day. Stay tuned for this story, as well as a couple of recent bedwetting accident.

But the long and the short of it is, I’m back to wearing pads regularly, at least until I get the OAB back under control, so this means anyone looking to order panties, I’m only able to offer peed in panties for the next few weeks.

Hope you enjoyed the story and more to come.

Rachel

*002*2020-09-15 06:47

{{3 hours ago, Arou32 said:

This story turned me on in a huge way! Very well written and portrayed. Thank you.

}}

Thanks hun, I'm working on a couple of others about some more recent accidents. Stay tuned.

*007*2020-09-15 22:32

Thanks for the kind words everyone, I've got one more accident from the office to report and some recent bedwettings too, so stay tuned

*010*2020-09-16 19:26

{{2 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

Not suggesting that you actually do this, but considering the frequency of needing them and unpleasantness of them, have you ever entertained the thought of just throwing your hands up and giving up on Botox or other medications? Settling with pads or other absorbent products, and just accepting the risk that you might wet your pants in public, or wet the bed?

}}

Well having done this for basically all my life up until I was like 20, I'm not keen on going back to this. I do still wear a lot of pads and pullups as is, and yeah... while I'm totally into wetting and omorashi, I'd definitely not want to soak my hubby every night or wet my formal work clothes in meetings.

*012*2020-09-17 06:46

{{11 hours ago, sandy808 said:

That is the conundrum. Mix omorashi with the everyday need to adulting and not wet your clothes. Diapers are your friend.

}}

Oh definitely, pads usually work for the size of my leaks, but pullups at night will soon be the norm, it's still too hot and stuffy... so I'm just waking up in a puddle, or well doing this once or twice a week now.

*014*2020-09-20 05:40

{{15 hours ago, nappypants said:

Have you ever considered just going into full diapers for, say, a week, and not worrying about bladder issues at all?

}}

I have certainly worn pullups (and sleep diapers) for protracted periods.

*016*2020-09-20 20:14

{{11 hours ago, coloradowet said:

Cute story! loved reading it, put me "their" if you know what I mean

Hope your able to get back into a good balance with your own bladder for your comfort, health and wellbeing.

In the meantime.... be wet and proud!!!

Thanks for sharing

}}

Thanks hun!

*018*2020-09-27 22:36

Update, I got my jabs on Friday - not too much to report, but the two technicians definitely knew I was wearing a Goodnite. I spend the weekend recovering and relaxing. In the past it's taken a couple of weeks to be super effective, so now I'm just playing a waiting game.

*020*2020-11-26 23:19

{{On 11/23/2020 at 9:04 PM, DonnyWotty said:

If you don't mind me asking, how have the jabs worked out? Have you been able to cut back on the number of leaks?

}}

I've been meaning to write an update, they have been ok, though not as effective as last time. So yes, usual leaks are down, but I'm leaking more when working out than say this time last year

*022*2020-11-28 08:24

{{On 11/26/2020 at 9:37 PM, trekkie said:

I can definitely see it not being so much fun when it's all the time. Thanks for letting us know how it's going.

Have you ever wet yourself at work and had people notice?

}}

Not recently, but I've got more stories to share, just as soon as I have time to write them up

