Wetting: the sequel

Author: m3rmaid

*000*2017-09-09 06:27

Hello, it's me ( Lia ) again. Since you all enjoyed my previous experience, as much as I did, I have done it again. I woke up around 11 already planning how my day of holding would go then, plans made, I got out of bed. Instead of heading for the bathroom I went to the kitchen in search of breakfast, I decided on oatmeal with brown sugar and butter, along with a large mug of piping hot coffee. Once breakfast was finished I got dressed in a pair of light blue skinny jeans, a darker blue top with some rhinestone detailing, and polka dot panties with red lace trim. By now it was nearing 1 as I got into my car to do some shopping. As I drove away from my house the first gentle urge to pee hit, but I paid it no mind as I had more important things to do.

I started at the pet store to pick up some dog food and treats, while there I couldn't resist a visit to the adoption center, where the store housed a few animals up for adoption, by the time I could tear my self away from all the adorable animals it was almost 2, I grabbed a water bottle for myself and downed it as I drove . My next stop was to a clothing store in search of new jeans. I spent the next few hours combing the racks and trying on over 20 different pairs of jeans. With each trip back to the dressing room, arms full of jeans, I could feel my bladder get heavier, as I contorted and stretched to ensure a good, comfortable fit . Suddenly I felt a sharp urge to pee, so I quickly made my final selections and got in line . As I stood in line waiting to pay, I found myself swaying gently and subtly pressing my thighs together, finally after 30 minutes it was my turn, I made my purchase and headed for home.

Once I arrived home it was just after six and dinner would be on the table in 20 minutes. I briefly escaped to my room to unload my purchases , then it was time to take the dogs for their daily walk. Lucky for me we only walked two and a half blocks in stead of the usual four, but I still found my self having to stop and cross my legs every fifty feet. At last we returned home, but I still had to sit through dinner, as I ate my chicken, rice, and zucchini, as I slowly drained my large tumbler of iced tea I squirmed in my seat tightly crossing my legs and hoping my parents didn't notice. As soon as dinner was over my parents retreated to the living room to watch a movie.

While my parents watched their movie I decided to further push myself so I made brownies. I climbed up on a kitchen chair, pulled down the mixing bowl and a baking dish then preheated the oven. I combined the brownie mix with the wet ingredients and began to mix the batter one handed as the other hand was buried between my legs. Once I was finished mixing the batter I poured it into the pan and put it in the oven then set the timer for 30 minutes. While I waited for the brownies to bake I licked out the bowl, downed a glass of milk while alternately squeezing my crotch and crossing my legs . When the timer went off I tested the brownies to my horror I discovered that they weren't done so I put them back in and set the timer for another 10 minutes.

Finally just after 8 the brownies were done so I took them out of the oven . Now at my house we have a rule that if you dirty a pot/pan/mixing bowl/baking dish/measuring utensils then you need to wash them once you are done using them. So the next 30 minutes were pure torture to my aching bladder. Every time I turned on the water or ran my hands through it my bladder would spasm ,then on the last dish I felt a spurt hit my panties, dropping the now clean dish on the drying rack I grabbed my pajamas and my camera yelling to my parents that I was taking a shower, I raced into the bathroom and shut the door. My hands were shaking as I turned on the water to cover the noise, none too soon I grabbed my camera and stepped into the tub.

Almost as soon as my feet hit the tub I started peeing. My pee poured out of me like a waterfall, spraying the inside of my jeans,thundering onto the tub floor . My crotch and legs were bathed in liquid heat, as I looked down I saw streams of pee falling from my glistening jeans forming a pool around my feet. After around 2 minutes my stream tapered off, and as the last couple of drops fell, my body sagged against the wall in relief. Whew, just telling that story makes me wanna do it again. Alas I will just have to wait a couple of days. Now where was I ? Oh, right photos.

*005*2017-09-09 15:48

{{6 hours ago, Cuddlebear55 said:

Love that, I love watching the progression from the first few drops to the fully soaked legs. What do you do with your jeans now to make sure no one knows what you did?

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you liked it, I find I enjoy seeing the progression too so that's why I do it that way. Now to answer your question, first I make sure I have a load of them ready to be washed waiting in the laundry room. Then once I get out of the shower and dry off, I wrap my pants in my dirty towel and take the bundle downstairs to be washed immediately. For my panties I wash them during my shower, wring them out as best I can, then lay them flat on top of my laundry hamper to air dry before I put them in the hamper. Since I have so many clothes my mother doesn't bat an eye when clothing is laying stacked on top of my hamper.

