Roommate's girlfriend found out about my fetish

Author: Drewster88

*000*2021-11-01 17:33

I hope I'm not writing too frequently on here, if I am somebody please let me know. I'm just enjoying having a place to talk about this stuff. My wife knows and is willing to discuss it, but obviously not every day like I want to talk about it.

Anyway, I thought I'd share the brief story of the time my roommate's girlfriend found out about my fetish. She is still one of only four or five people that know about it, if she even remembers. I haven't seen her in a long time now.

As for the story, my roommate in college started dating this girl and she was super fun. Very outgoing, very liberal in talking about anything and everything, no shyness or awkwardness at all. She would usually go to bed with him when she came over to visit, but once in a while she stayed up after he had gone to sleep and just talked or hung out with myself and our third roommate.

Well, one such night, both roommates were in bed as it was about 2 AM, and I didn't have class so I was staying up watching TV in the basement. I heard footsteps on the stairwell and she poked her head around the corner, asking if she could join me in watching TV. I agreed of course.

We just talked about random stuff as per usual, and I don't honestly remember what led our discussion to more sexual things - I think she was talking about her relationships with roommate Shaun - and she brought up that she has some kinks or fetishes she hadn't brought up with him yet. I said something like "that's OK, we all have some interesting/weird fetishes." And she was like "Oh?" with a smirk and an inquisitive look on her face.

I realized what I had done, and tried to backpedal. I was like "Yeah, I mean of course people do."

She was like "do you have some?"

I realized it would be an obvious lie if I said no, and I kind of wanted to talk about my wetting fetish with somebody as to that point, nobody in my life knew and I had had no girlfriends. So I said "yeah, I do."

She wanted to know what they were. I couldn't bring myself to tell her. I kept saying "it's weird, you'll think I'm a weirdo, etc." She just kept reassuring me that she was very sex-positive and non-judgemental, and her behaviour had always proven that to be true.

So I decided to trust her. I couldn't bring myself to actually say it out loud, so with a rapidly racing heart I pulled up one of my favourite videos at the time (this was 2009/2010 so I pulled up a video of Natalie X wetting her jeans topless in the kitchen) and showed it to her.

Her eyes lit up a bit and she became very curious. She wanted to know why I liked this, what I found sexy about it, etc. She had legitimately never seen this fetish before. I started to wonder if she was going to try it for me right there in the basement, because she was just that kind of person (not that I would have done anything, I don't cheat on my roommates, or anybody for that matter).

That did not happen, but as she watched the Natalie X video she mused at the wet patch growing when she started pissing her jeans. "Whoa, look how it spreads..." was her exact comment.

Anyway, that was about it. At some point she went up to bed and I went up to my room, and we never talked about it again.

*003*2021-11-03 03:36

{{3 hours ago, Uniform Skirt said:

I'm guessing the rest of the 4 or 5 are sexual partners unless you make a habit of conversations like this.

}}

Yes, you are correct, they were sexual partners.

*005*2021-11-03 20:08

{{1 hour ago, Uniform Skirt said:

Did they wet for you?

}}

Nobody in my life has wet for me yet. My current partner, my wife, has done the most watersports stuff with me so far, and is the most comfortable with it. She has peed on me twice in the shower, including once in my mouth, and she said she kind of enjoyed the dominating feeling it gave her, so it will be something we work into our sex life eventually.

*007*2021-11-05 18:03

{{17 hours ago, Uniform Skirt said:

Sounds fun. I'd say wetting in the shower counts. Have you tried sex on her full bladder?

}}

No we have not, I don't know if she would enjoy that much to be honest.

