Rush wetting in balcony

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-03-22 19:17

My sleeping cycle is kinda odd, I sleep days and am awake at nights. I was going to do some kind of holding/wetting challenge last evening. I woke up 7.30 PM and already had huge need to pee. Anyway, my boyfriend informed that he could come visit me, so challenges were out. There wasn't any food at my place and I needed to go the store before 9 PM to get some. I was in a hurry if I still wanted to include some wetting to my evening before my boyfriend comes. And of course I did!

I grabbed a blanket that I never use and went to balcony with it. It was dark already and bit cold since I had only T-shirt, red panties and that blanket wrapped around my legs. I lit my cigarette and enjoyed the dark silence that the evening was offering me. I couldn't help it but came little nervous since I knew what I was going to do. I knew I shouldn't do it and I didn't know where would I hide the blanket after. Slowly, I took buffs from my cigarette and blew the smoke in cold air while trying to relax my bladder. Finally, I started to feel warm spot appear in blanket. And boy, it felt good! I felt the wetness spread. I would have loved to touch myself but I was already in hurry to get to the store, so when I was finished, I just got up, changed clean pants and headed to get the food.

I drink a lot and need to pee often so I picked nice leggings if I wanted to do some wetting also out. Before I left, I drank almost 500ml orange juice. When I was on my way home from the store, I felt little need to pee. I knew I could hold it easily but I didn't want to, so I gave permission to myself to just let go. It was dark and almost no one around, no one could notice. I have shy bladder and it was kinda hard to relax it while walking. I could have just stopped to pee, but I didn't have time for that since I didn't know when was my boyfriend coming. I made it to my house without peeing, but when I was standing in the elevator, I almost peed. It was a shock; I didn't want to pee in there.

When I opened my front door, I headed straight to the shower. I standed still and let all that pee come out of mee. It wasn't much and was over too quickly. My leggings were also too thin, all pee just went trough them easily and they didn't get wet much. It was still fun tho. After I was done, I took off my clothes and turned the shower on. I played with myself little, but didn't want to pleasure myself too much; My boyfriend was coming and I was going to have sex, I wanted to be as horny as possible.

