Flu Season Leaks

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-10-17 08:36

Wow, I haven’t written about an experience in a while. Sorry about that, life’s been pretty busy I guess. Well, I’ve got a couple of longer ones, but here’s a shorter thing that happened to me today!

So there’s a bad flu going around and I think I caught it this week. Or at least, I’ve got some kind of cough. It developed a couple of days ago, and has been getting worse. In addition to feeling stuffy, I’ve also been leaking basically every time I cough! This has led to a good number of leaks over the course of the past few days.

It’s worse when I’m standing up, and I can reduce the damage if I’m sitting with my legs crossed firmly. If I happen to be caught standing up when I feel a cough coming on, I quick cross of the legs sometimes helps, but not always. And I’ve also noticed that it doesn’t seem to matter if my bladder is full or if I just went pee, I am still leaking a decent sized squirt into my panties with every cough.

Now most of you will know I run a side business where I sell my dirty panties online, and it’s been a busy month with lots of orders. This means that I can’t always just slap a pad into my panties and go about my day with protection on, as otherwise I’d have some unhappy customers.

Earlier in the week I was wearing a pair of panties for a customer and ended up soaking them pretty good while padding about the house in my gray tights. Fortunately the customer wanted the panties wet, and I was at home.

$$

Today, I was finally done prepping panties for customers, so I could wear a pad. I’m glad I did. The coughing has got a little worse (but otherwise I’m feeling ok), and I had already soaked the pad I was wearing before I left the SkyTrain to get to work. By noon I had already changed my pad 3 times (basically after every two coughing fits), and I was starting to run low on pads.

I rationed myself in the afternoon and only changed my pad once, but it was my last one. I pulled it out before leaving for the day, as it was rather saddened, and braved going pad-less on the way home. I was wearing dark trousers and it was pouring rain, so I thought I’d be ok.

I was doing pretty good actually, until I left the SkyTrain for my walk home. I had just left the station when a wave of coughs caught up with me, and I didn’t cross my legs. The result was a very tangible squirt of pee soaking my panties.

I used my purse to cover my crotch and surreptitiously felt if it had gone through my trousers. It had not, and I hurried home to change.

This was the result:

$$

$$

$$

$$

Anyhow, more stories to come, and to all my Canadian friends, don’t forget to vote!

Best,

Rach

P.S. If you want to order your own pair, here's my website and you know how to get in touch!

%https://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

*003*2019-10-17 23:43

{{5 hours ago, ian flemming said:

Lovely as always.

Sorry your feeling sick.

}}

Thanks hun! I'm on the mend

{{3 hours ago, Will1994 said:

I'm curious. I know other women will sell certain articles of clothing. Recently I saw a sort of article where a woman sold her worn underwear for $60,000 American Dollars I think. (I think it was a collection)

I'm not interested in any purchase or anything, but how much do you sell yours for? It's crazy what some people will pay to get something they want.

}}

60k?! She must have been a celebrity or something. I charge $32 CAN a pair plus shipping, and wetting is free (with additional costs for other things done in the panties though). You don't make a ton of money doing it, but enough to buy diapers and other fun things and also I get a huge rush from mailing off my dirty panties

*007*2019-10-21 09:34

{{On 10/19/2019 at 6:12 AM, nappypants said:

Do you not consider wearing a nappy or pull-up when you have a cough, to save constantly changing pads?

}}

Funny you should mention that... and yes... I've worn Goodnites to work two days this past week.

{{On 10/18/2019 at 12:26 AM, Will1994 said:

This is the post I saw. Again, I don't know for sure but some women can make some serious bank with extremely low overhead.

%https://nypost.com/2017/08/29/woman-banks-60k-selling-her-dirty-underwear-online/

}}

Mmm Ah I see, she's not just selling panties but selling all sorts of stuff. I mean you can only charge so much for a pair of panties and only wear so many pairs in a year... plus marketing and the cost of panties...

*009*2019-10-24 08:19

{{On 10/23/2019 at 12:50 AM, Meowth said:

This is a criminally underappreciated post. Thanks for sharing. These sorts of subtle, but ultra-real scenarios are far too rare in the community, and it is always a pleasure when one gets posted.

}}

Aww thanks! I've got another I'm dying to write but just haven't found the time. Soon!

