Drank too much at a restaurant; got super desperate on the drive home

Author: astralis

*000*2021-03-08 06:08

This happened circa 2015. My grandma liked to take me out to lunch from time to time when I was home from college for a break. One time she took me to my favorite restaurant, where they served the best sweet iced tea. My grandma was telling me some stories about her life which I'd never heard, so I was very interested in and distracted by the stories, and didn't pay attention to what I was doing as I let the waitress refill my glass three times. It was one of those super tall glasses; I'm not great at judging sizes but it was probably a little bit smaller than a water bottle. So I drank three full glasses of iced tea plus eating some of the ice itself and drinking the melted water out of the bottom of the glass.

Eventually, of course, it was time to leave, so my grandma paid the check and we stood up. My bladder had started filling up a little bit but it wasn't until I stood and started walking that I felt it. I definitely could've gone to the restaurant bathroom but I was too embarrassed to admit to my grandma that I needed to go so I didn't say anything and we walked out.

The way the shopping center where we were is set up is there's a parking lot in front, and then a Barnes and Noble, and then behind it is a long street with a lot of restaurants and clothing shops lining it. Generally what people do when they go to eat there or when they go clothes shopping is go through the bookstore to get to and from the parking lot, because it's a quicker route than going all the way around the B&N and its adjacent shops. So my grandma and I did this and from the restaurant to the parking lot I went from probably a 6/10 to an 8/10. 

This was before I knew the effects of caffeine on the bladder; obviously three full glasses of anything is going to make you have to pee but there's something about iced tea that just shoots straight through you. I could feel it pressing hard and insistent against the waistband of my jeans; it felt like a fishbowl about to tip over. My grandma asked me if I wanted her to buy me a book; I said no, thank you, but even cutting back on the time we spent in there I had to walk slower to keep pace with her and my bladder was throbbing. Again, I was too embarrassed to tell my grandma I needed the bathroom before we left, so I walked past it and we went to the car.

I had driven my grandma there, so I had to drop her off at her house before I could go home. Fortunately the shopping center, my house, and my grandma's house are all within about three miles of each other, but roundtrip that's still six miles and as I sat in the driver's seat the pressure increased, and even more so when I put on my seatbelt. I had to resist the urge to cross my legs or squeeze between them for a second as we pulled out. I drove to her house with all that tea swelling up inside me, my bladder aching as I tried not to focus on it or show that I was desperate.

I got to my grandma's house and she got out of the car, but then stood for some minutes talking with me in her driveway. This was expected behavior for her; she was a very talkative woman, and I knew it would happen, but it was torture to stand there, squeezing my thighs together where she couldn't see. I was still way too embarrassed to ask her if I could come in and use her bathroom; I knew she would let me, but I also couldn't admit how badly I had to go. Plus at the time my parents were gone on a vacation and I really wanted to get home so I could have alone time.

After a while we said our goodbyes, I thanked her for the lunch, got back in my car, and drove away. Now that I was alone my desperation dulled slightly (it's always worse for me when I'm around other people, I guess because I'm scared they'll notice) but I was still at probably a 9/10, and getting worse. I had one hand on the steering wheel, the other jammed frantically between my legs. My poor, swollen bladder was aching for relief and I could feel my pee pressing down through my urethra. "Fuck," I moaned as I turned on the main road that would take me home. "Fuck I have to fucking go."

I pulled up into the driveway and I had to get out to manually open my side of the garage. My bladder felt like a fucking bowling ball; that fishbowl was even fuller, and I wasn't quite able to stand all the way straight. I have a bladder and urethra of steel and have never had a genuine leak or accident, but it was still really hard to get the door open in that state. I pulled my car into the garage and rushed out, hands shaking as I unlocked the door and ran inside.

As I said I was home alone so I could have gotten in the tub and pissed in my jeans, but I couldn't focus on anything except relief and I liked the jeans I was wearing, so I just stumbled into the bathroom and staggered to the toilet. My thighs were shaking with how strained I was holding them together; I was shifting my weight frantically from foot to foot as I opened the lid and struggled to get my jeans down. I sat on the toilet and pissed a huge stream that must have lasted well over a minute. I couldn't stop myself from letting out a few relieved moans as my piss rushed out in a thick stream, then slowed into a smaller one that still went on for quite some time. It felt so fucking good to finally let go.

*003*2021-03-08 08:56

{{2 hours ago, Bull said:

Wow that sounds like an amazing release no wonder you remember it so vividly!

}}

It really was insanely hot!! I haven't had nearly as many desperation experiences as most people on this site unfortunately so I think that's another reason why the memory is still so strong.

*007*2021-03-08 20:58

{{8 hours ago, peedespes02 said:

Very good story and love reading how bad you had to go. Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you! My favorite stories are always centered around that intense desperation feeling and the inability to get relief fast enough.

{{6 hours ago, wettingman said:

I thoroughly enjoyed your richly detailed story of extreme desperation, and just made it outcome. I get excitement not knowing if you made it or not until the end.

I know you have plenty of company, including me in not wanting to admit I needed to pee, even while I was in agony and worried I might wet my pants.

}}

Thank you! Yeah, admitting it is always just so embarrassing, idk why lol.

{{4 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Absolutely loved this. There really isn’t anything quite like that moment of release after a very desperate hold like that! Can’t wait to read more of your posts here

}}

Thanks so much! Yeah it's definitely an unparalleled feeling, I miss being able to do it often. As I mentioned on another post your stories are some of my favorites on here so it means a lot to hear you say that.

*011*2021-03-09 21:25

{{13 hours ago, Anna B said:

I totally understand your reluctance to admit your need; this is just me all over! And ironically, the worse the desperation, the harder it is to admit to it!

Great story, thanks for sharing it.

}}

YUP. Glad you get it lol.

{{5 hours ago, Kauen-Stadt said:

Nice! Just wondering, are you turned on by holding though? (Cause I admit if it were me and I had alone time, I would've held it for the remainder of the alone time I had)

}}

I am definitely turned on by holding but I was only two years into the fetish at that time so idk if it would've occurred to me, honestly.

*013*2021-03-09 22:48

{{37 minutes ago, sammilove said:

Very good account for being such a long time ago! I’m curious, how many of the initial details did you forget but then recall after some time? I’ve noticed that I’ve forgotten key details in a initial occurrence that have come back to me later on.

}}

In all honesty I embellished a little because it was so long ago but the whole thing is true, just minor, unimportant details I can't remember like I'm not positive I actually moaned when I was peeing, or whether my grandma stopped me at her house to talk for a minute. My memory is pretty good though so I haven't forgotten most of it.

*016*2021-03-11 04:04

{{5 hours ago, wannawatch said:

That was one exciting story..thanks for sharing, I absolutely loved it !

}}

Thanks for reading bud! Glad you enjoyed.

{{3 hours ago, sammilove said:

I relate. I had to ask because my first true accidental desperation story keeps coming to my mind and I keep remembering different parts to it. I may have to rewrite it. I’m sure there’s parts I’ve probably forgotten but I’ve also remembered more of it as well. It’s weird. It’s like our minds suppress parts of it even though we enjoyed the situation.

}}

Oh fuck. You should def rewrite it, that's something I would be very interested in, hah. Our brains are fucking with our kinks and it's unfair

*018*2021-03-12 06:48

Just read it; super hot!!

