On a Walk & The Aftermath

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2019-09-21 16:38

So today I managed to get a tiny bit of privacy and I took full advantage of it!

I held my pee until I was really getting full and then head out on a walk. The idea was to create a sort of "interupted pee" that would cause me to get a bit wet but not enough to be seen or noticed by people.

I set out from my house with a really quite full bladder and a pair of tight boxers and dark blue jeans on. I headed for a nearby forest that I know has lots of winding paths and hiding places and walked until I was bursting. At this point I found a nice little hiding place and setup my imitation pee interuption.

I normally pee for about 45 seconds so I set a timer and an alarm on my phone for 20 seconds. I got my little fella out and began peeing forcefully and at the same time I pressed the start button on my timer. This would imitate someone catching me in the act and me having to stop quickly.

*BEEP BEEP BEEP*

Instantly I clamped my pee muscles hard, at the same time I whipped my penis back into my boxers and jeans. The flow was forceful though and took quite a while to stop! I could feel the hot pee trickling into the inside of my tight boxers and trickling down my penis. FINALLY the flow subsided after probably a good 2 seconds. I panicked a bit and looked around to make sure no one was in sight. Luckily I was clear! No one was about.

I inspected the damage. My boxers had quite a large wet patch on them. Luckily my choice of dark blue jeans had done a fantastic job of hiding the wet patch. It was slightly visible, but unless you were specifically looking for wet patches you'd pass it off as a shadow. Perfect! I got the enjoyment of being all hot and wet, whilst no one would be able to see!

I began walking home, my tight wet boxers clinging against my skin and making it hard to not get turned on. Someone came towards me running. I stepped to the side, my heart racing. They looked at me and smiled and continued passed. Phew!

I passed another 2 people on the way back to my house. The whole walk felt amazing as my wet boxers clung to me and teased me.

On arriving home I settled my self into an outside chair in the garden where I came back online here. I began talking to a lovely user on here who's name I'll leave out in case she doesn't want it put on here. We chatted for a bit and she suggested another 5 second leak.

I sat and just slowly released a trickle. The pee spread in the front of my boxers and trickled down my rather firm penis and pooled in the bottom of my jeans. They did a fantastic job of containing the hot pee. Not a drop made it to the floor below. They must be more absorbant than I thought!

A couple of minutes passed and she said I should leak again. This time I did it more forcefully. I watched as a glistening wet patch spread over the now rather erect tent like front of my jeans. This time some pee splashed onto the floor as the fabric was already saturated. It felt heavenly!

Eventually I couldn't give into temptation. I settled my self onto the grass in the sun, sat cross legged and released the flood gates. The tip of my penis was pressed firmly against the inside of the taught jeans and the pee flooded through the material and sort of spread around on the top of the material. It flowed back down the insides of my thighs and pooled around the bottom of them before slowly leaking out into the grass beneath me.

Here I am now, sat on my outside chair in the sun, hot damp patch glistening in the sun whilst typing up this story. I have no intention of changing just yet. I want to let my clothes dry a bit first!

Joe

*003*2019-09-21 18:17

{{2 minutes ago, Toady567 said:

I like your story! I like leaking! Most of the time I hold until I burst!

}}

Thanks! And yeah me too. I am hoping to get more chances like this going forward. It looks as though my housemate is going to be spending more time away so I will get more chances!

*005*2019-09-21 18:26

{{Just now, Toady567 said:

You should take some photos next time. I’d love to see your wet pants!

}}

I have always been mega shy when it comes to photos. I just struggle to bring my self to be brave enough! I am not sure why.

I think my housemate is away tomorrow so hopefully I will get some chance for more fun and a chance to write it up as acurately as I can

*008*2019-09-21 22:04

{{3 hours ago, Toady567 said:

I hear you. I usually take some photos when I wet my jeans or undies but I don’t always post them. Mostly I wet my depends and those aren’t good photos.

I hope you enjoy your wetting tomorrow!

}}

{{32 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Understand your shyness but am sure pictures would be very well received

}}

Thanks both I look forward to it.

*010*2019-09-22 11:57

{{Just now, wetsalesman said:

Sounds like you like your walks like mine. Thanks for sharing all the details!

}}

They can be great fun Good excuse for exercise! And no problem

*013*2019-09-22 13:53

{{27 minutes ago, wetskipants said:

Great read. Loved the build-up to the point where you did a full release. The description was superb.

I know what you mean about it being hard to get the privacy.

}}

Thanks

