Held it till I couldn't

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-06-10 17:01

So today has been all out amazing. It started at midnight when I began to slowly leak into my make-shift diaper till five in the morning. Then I put the diaper away and stayed up till nine, when my family left till five. I had been holding onto my urine for quite some time at that point (drank lots of water after the diaper) So I just held it till about ten when I was absolutely desperate. I decided the only way I could hold it till I wasn't able to control myself would be if I went somewhere public. Well that's to embarrassing so I decided to just go in my backyard (Super attractive neighbor who usually hangs out in her backyard) I was honestly terrified of wetting myself so it would definitely be an actual accident. I set a time for thirty minutes, doubting my chance of making it that long.

I spent the longest time pacing around my yard in jeans (it was hot so that was rather uncomfortable) while listening to slacker radio with my head phones. At the five minute mark I lost a spurt that left a small stain on my jeans, though it was barely noticeable. thirteen minutes later my bladder felt like knives were digging into it, I was pacing erratically, continuously glancing at my neighbors yard terrified. However as the clock reached one minute left a good song came on so I switched off the timer and decided to wait till the end of the three minute fifty one second song. Big mistake a minute into the song my bladder gave, a large wet patch streaked down my legs to just above my knee. I had to shove my hand hard into my crotch to stem the flow, and then it was only a few seconds of a hold and I knew it.

I tore off my shoes so I was barefoot, crossed my legs and waited. Just as the song ended my bladder gave out entirely. I stood near my deck and let the flow soak my pants and leave a decent sized puddle beneath me. I was so thrilled at what I had done and glad my neighbors never came out. However I noticed a different urge so I went inside and sat on the toilet in just my underwear and messed myself. (Which is a nuisance to clean up) Right now its almost twelve so I'm drinking more water to pee myself a couple more times before my family comes home.

*002*2012-06-10 18:24

{{ 

Wow. What a great adventure. It's cool that you set such a high bar for yourself.

}}

Thanks. I now realize no one came out because it was rather early, and around three I intend to make one last intentional pee... outside again:)

*004*2012-06-10 20:21

{{ 

Let us know what befalls you.

}}

Fortunately, or unfortunately (however you look at it.) nothing interesting happened, I peed myself outside two more times after that and peed inside two other times as well as well as messed myself again. Good day though.

