Losing control at while working!

Author: Afu14567

*000*2021-04-16 06:20

Tonight I had to work a safety datail for a local party. All our job involved was sitting outside in case someone got hurt until the party was over. I had been sitting in the unit a while and had to pee fairly bad. We couldn't go in so I decided to walk behind this massive building in the dark and pee. I had already held to the point my bladder was spasming and when I stood up it got so much worse! I was instantly on the verge of leaking. I started my walk around back still somewhat enjoying my need to go. It was about a 100 yard walk from the unit. I get back there and am ready to bust! I have found a hidden spot in the dark and was just about to pullout and pee.

All of a sudden one of the event workers came around the corner and scared the hell out of me. I cussed and jumped and felt a spurt of pee escape right then! I was able to stop and not be obvious and the guy laughed and started talking to me! He went on and on! Me getting more and more desperate as he did! I couldn't move or do anything else to get relief! We were now under a small covered are and it started raining. The sound of the water made my bladder spasm! I started leaking little dribbles as the guy talked. I wasn't wearing any boxers and could feel in trickling down my leg. It was everything i could do to not lose control and be obvious. I was barly able to focus on the conversation!

We have now been talking for 15 minutes and I was in a bind! I shifted my weight and a hard 1 second burst of pee ran down my leg! I barely managed to stop! I could feel my knees shaking and felt a steady small trickle running down my leg as he continued. Finally The rain let up for a second and he decided to go to the front! As soon as he rounded the corner I grasped myself as hard as I could! I felt my bladder trying to completely give in and my pants were soaked at the crotch! I was getting so hard from the desperation and leaking that my body was buzzing! I thought I was gonna be able to stand up straight and pull it out to finish! 

As soon as I stood up my bladder spasmed and I started pissing uncontrollably into my pants!! It was so intense and felt so amzing and then it overcame me and I started cumming just from the release! My knees almost buckled from the intensity! My hot cum and pee shooting down my pants leg! At this point it was storming so I dumped out my boots and slowly walked backto the unit letting the rain cover my accident!

*003*2021-05-10 19:44

{{On 4/16/2021 at 11:28 AM, Omoboy31 said:

Love this story! Are you accident prone?

}}

I apologize! I have only just now seen this comment. Yes I am but they are usually due to me being horny and wanting to hold and getting in unexpected situations.

*006*2021-05-15 00:52

Navy blue

*008*2021-05-17 20:57

{{33 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

Being horny can camouflage the need to pee. In a male, many of the same body parts are involved with both, and the sensations can intermingle. Edging can be especially exciting with a full bladder, and you may not know which is going to release first until it happens. Having an "accident" while horny is quite explainable!

}}

Yes i love edging when desperate! Twice i have accidentally cum and uncontrollably pissed in my truck!

