Seconds away from humiliation

Author: Ethi

*000*2020-11-18 03:42

So I'm going to keep this as short as possible.

So this happened to me today while riding on a public transportation bus (yes even with covid they're still running), this was my first "public" near accident I guess you could say, I was seconds away from pissing myself infront of the whole bus.

Anywho This was today at around 4:30PM I had decided to go on the bus for old time sake to see what it was like with this pandemic going on, anyways before this I really really had to go, I drank 2 McDonalds medium sized coca colas and before I drank several bottles of water throughout the day and I hadn't used the bathroom in about 5 hours prior.

I was already BURSTING to go by the time I got on the bus, out of 10 id say I was a 9/10. My bladder is weird, I can drink a lot before I feel anything, and then when I feel it it quickly builds up, so I can only hold for about a maximum of 2 hours before the pain is too great and I just need to let go.

So about 25 minutes into the bus ride and previous hours holding, I was on the verge, sitting by myself, left hand shoved between my legs, my blue jeans would be absolutely ruined if it weren't for my fortune of having my stop coming up soon. So to this point in my life, I have never had an accident in public or even wet myself on purpose in public.. I'm too shy, women can easily get away with it with skirts. I also don't wear dark jeans or shorts.

I was wearing a bright red underwear (yes my pfp is the same pair of boxer briefs) and I could feel a few spurts every couple minutes, my bladder gnawing at its chains to just let go, I couldn't give in, not here.

Fortunately my bus reached my stop, right in front of my house, I quickly dashed off leaking as a ran.. followed by a dribble.. now my house is on a slight hill and i wouldn't make it, so I stood and waited for the bus to turn fhe corner and then I ran into the woods, and in the fastest I have ever undid my belt I wild west six shootered that motherfucker through my belt hoops and the tightening hole and my pants and underwear dropped to my heels instantly, I hid behind a tree held myself and aimed up and let the waterworks flow.

I let out a moan and I panted the entire time as I watered this massive oak tree infront of me, I didn't care, My underwear was badly wet, but I managed to make it without it soaking through too badly, just a small spot by my ass because of how I was shoving myself down and how I was sitting.

I peed for only 45 seconds but it was coming like a waterfall, so the stream was thick and a well hydrated light yellowish color. When I stopped after it gushed out I quickly hoisted up my briefs and jeans with a sigh of relief and walked up to my house and never bothered changing.

And here I am now, several hours later after now finally getting around to writing this, thanks for reading, feel free to reply with questions or even hmu with a message! Anyone is welcome.

Happy wettings! ^^

*002*2020-11-18 17:25

{{12 hours ago, Golden Slumber said:

Great story! I've only wet myself a few times with a witness but it was a few years ago...

One time at a truck stop at 3am cause I had to piss and poo so bad while traveling and when I pulled in to get has I raced to the toilets but couldn't get my belt undone in time and peed myself pretty bad before I got it undone.. I drove by the window when leaving and saw the worker looking at the wet floor.. I'm sure my wet pants tipped him off they were tan after all.

The second time I was at the convenience store after the bar I had to piss so bad so I went to use their toilet because it was a busy street.. and they had their back in 5 minutes sign up.. I waited desperately in dead of winter 15 minutes went by and I lost control and pissed my blue jeans.. that same moment worker races to door and unlocks it im standing behind the chip shelf asking for the toilet. He says he can't let me use it cause its late thats policy.. I kinda bag he still says no.. I come out from behind the shelf..

Immediately his eyes go to my soaked jeans.. I told him please let me try to dry myself.. I pissed myself... he feels sorry for me and says okay.. lets me back there and brings me papertowel.. I notice hes hard and one thing leads to another and hes fucking me against some boxes in the back while my pants dry infront of his heater I let him keep my piss soaked jock strap.

And that's the only 2 times I've wet myself infront of someone. Not including bedwettings.. I've suprised a lot of guys with wet beds.

}}

Hehe, I just dont have the confidence to pee in public or anywheres outside my house!

*003*2020-11-18 21:07

{{2 hours ago, Golden Slumber said:

I totally get it! Im really shy myself I can't bring myself to just wet myself infront of a stranger for fun. The few times mentioned that I've done it and someone has witnessed it has been by accident.. Like at the doctors I don't count that tho because I didn't fully pee my pants. I dont count small leaks because I leak often naturally

Most of my wettings are by accident as a result of really needing to pee and I usually find a place to hide while it happenes and hope nobody catches me during or afterwards tell I get some dry pants. I've had many close calls where people almost see me do it and the rush is great afterwards but during it I'm basically having a panic attack someone will see that I peed my pants and make fun of me. Which would be hot in theory. I've experienced that with bedwettings many times while away from home.

One time at an old job I was working late and focused on getting work done.. I kept holding to go at a better time.. and felt the warmth in my pants.. I soaked my office chair at my desk. The last few people to leave for the night walked by my door and said have a goodnight.. I said you too and asked them to close my door.. I was so grateful they didn't come in or ask me for anything. My chair was soaked and I had a puddle around me. I had to get a mop and roll my chair to storage and get a different one because it smelt so strong of pee and prob would have been soaked in the am still..

Ive had a lot of those.. public accident but not caught luckly. Im worried what my 30s will be like if im already wetting myself as often as now. I should be diapered probably during the day but I'm also to shy that someone will notice said diaper and laugh at me so I just try to go when I can.. doesnt always work.

}}

Seems like you have a very sensitive bladder, for me my bladder never quite fully empties unless I'm using the toilet, even with my underwear on and I pee on the toilet it still wont, so there is always a little more left in me, and I'm always dreading having to use public washrooms unless it is an absolute 10/10 emergency.

I have a gut feeling one of these days I will legitimately have a full on accident right in public and my gut doesnt lie too often.

But yeah back to what you're saying.

You erm, probably should get diapered lmao, plus Would be fun to just let it go whenever you please, until it leaks ;)

*005*2020-11-20 19:28

{{23 hours ago, Soaked Sheets said:

But you did pee yourself a little on the bus and then peed in the forest, so it kind of happened. You did sort of have a partial accident and then pee outside the house.

Once you're so desperate you have an accident, it's happening no matter where you are or who is around. Then you can only hope to make it somewhere out of sight.

One thing I watch out for is laws about peeing in public places. That can get you in a lot of trouble almost anywhere. Having wet pants from an accident is embarrassing, but possible criminal charges from whipping it out and peeing somewhere is much worse. This is why I spend so much time planning where I'm going to use the bathroom when I'm out, so I don't get caught in a bad situation.

With that in mind, if you do find yourself unable to make it to a bathroom, try to find somewhere out of sight to avoid embarrassment when it finally happens. Once the relief sets in, you'll be freed of that problem, and then you just have to figure out how to get home or to where you're going without being spotted. Sometimes that's not possible, so just do the best you can.

Unfortunately because of a bladder that lets go when I'm in an extremely fearful situation, I have had a couple really embarrassing accidents where it could not be hidden. At least desperation accidents aren't as bad because you know it's going to happen, just not exactly when. So you might not be able to find a bathroom, but at least you know you're desperate and can try to find somewhere less obvious if you start wetting.

Of course I'm not advocating setting yourself up for a wetting accident, but if you wanted to test your control and reaction to having an accident, night is sometimes easier because you are less likely to be seen (just stay safe of course). I can't tell you how many times I've wet myself walking home from the bars or train station, and no one I know has ever said "oh hey I saw you the other night..." But if they did, I would just say I could not make it. It's actually exciting to fully wet your pants and have no choice but to walk home like that and figure out how to get in without being seen.

}}

If I'm replying correctly to what you're saying, yes I did kinda have a partial accident on the bus, leaking a little and just causing minor damage to my jeans, my underwear however were quite wet.

Where I live obviously public urination is illegal and I am aware that something like I did can get me charged but that makes it a little more relieving to know you made it and you didn't get caught.

