It rained on the way home...

Author: Omolily

*000*2020-09-15 19:56

So, I’ll set the scene: I’d had a busy day at work and it was quite warm, so I’d been drinking a lot and not had timee to go to the toilet much. But it was supposed to thunderstorm in the afternoon so as soon as I was done, I rushed home hoping to miss the rain (I walk home and didn’t have an umbrella).

For context, I was wearing a black top and bra, jeans and black panties with black shoes. And, as I say, no umbrella or waterproof.

So, I left work quite quickly, hoping to avoid the rain. It didn’t work. Only a few minutes after I left, it started raining torrentially. This had two main effects, Firstly, I got soaked through pretty quick. Secondly, it reminded my of the amount of water I had drunk that day and of the growing urge in my bladder. I hadn’t thought about it as I left work, but now it was getting hard to ignore. I hoped that I would be able to ignore it, but by the time I was halfway home, I was very aware of it and didn’t think I’d make it home. So I weighed up my options and had a naughty idea. I was already soaked, so no one would notice a bit more liquid...

I don’t wet in public very often, so it took a bit of courage to work up to this (the now painful ache in my bladder helped). I was also a bit excited. Slowing down slightly to make relaxing easier, I tried to look as normal as everyone else, and just let out a little dribble into my panties. The warmth of the pee in my rain-soaked clothes sent a shiver of excitement up my spine. I let out a little more. Then a little more. From the outside, nothing changed but I could feel the warmth gathering around my crotch and then down my legs. Eventually I was full on peeing, with people walking past me completely unaware. My heart was racing with excitement and relief. I finished peeing a few minutes from home and just enjoyed walking home in my pee-soaked jeans in front of so many oblivious people!

