Indian School Desperation with Girlfriend

Author: Ranganath

*000*2014-09-29 10:31

Hi once again everyone . Today I'm gonna recount one of the most erotic and deeply arousing incidents that I have ever been privileged enough to witness. This took place in my second year of ISE, (equivalent to 12th grade or A-levels). By this point of time, I was dating Shruthi and had been doing so for about 5 months.

Our school, based in Tumkur, Karnataka, was far from being a posh and upper class one. While it appeared to be an extremely well maintained and functional institute from the outside, the truth was far from that. The members of the school administration staff were experts at cost cutting and never missed an opportunity to cut corners. As our school was situated in the very heart of the city, space was quite a problem. Our campus was just big enough for a single building, and thus, there was no room for a football field or a cricket pitch. In order for the school to justify the exorbitant rates they were charging us, they needed to be able to show that they were providing the children with some form of physical education. Thus, on every Friday, they used to take all of the students to a nearby park called Kuvempu Nagar Park, at the end of the day.

The story begins around lunch time, when I was sitting with my girlfriend Shruthi in the cafeteria on the top floor of the building eating lunch. The lunch provided on this particular day was an extremely spicy palak curry with chapathi (Spinach curry and flat bread). Owing to the insanely spicy food and the excruciating heat, I noticed a large amount of students, including my girlfriend, downing glass after glass of water.

After the lunch hour got over and we were on our way back to class, she excused herself to go to the washroom. As I also felt a twinge in my bladder, I told her that I would accompany her.

Owing to the unparalleled cost-cutting techniques employed by our school, only one set of bathrooms had been placed in the entire building. These, however, were not your average school bathrooms with 8+ individual stalls inside of a long bathroom. These bathrooms were comparable to the ones you may find in fast food restaurants, consisting of a small sink with a mirror and 2 stalls inside, each fitted with Indian style (squat) toilets. As a result of there being only 2 stalls to serve over 140 girls, there was inevitably a lot of desperation, but that's a story for another day.

Upon reaching the ground floor of the building, I was taken aback by the incredulously long line of both boys and girls waiting outside of their respective bathrooms. Shruthi however, probably needing to go a bit more than I, walked over to the line of girls and stood in the back. At this point though, the bell rang, signaling that it was time for us to return to class. Shruthi, looking disappointed, stepped out of the line and began to walk up the stairs with me, fearing the repercussions of being late to class (our teachers were more than a little sadistic).

Upon reaching class, I sat down opposite to Shruthi in the back row and waited for the teacher to enter. About 20 minutes into the class I could notice Shruthi crossing and uncrossing her legs and occasionally pressing down hard on her crotch with the palm of her hand, crumpling her blue skirt.

By this point Shruthi was visibly desperate, rocking back and forth ever so softly in her seat with her fists clenched tightly by her side. I tore a small piece of paper from the back page of my notebook and scribbled on it:

"Are you Okay?"

I passed the chit to her. She took it, scanned over it with her eyes, turned back to me and with an unmistakable look of trepidation in her eyes shook her head.

Unable to do any more, lest our teacher catch us talking, I sat quietly and waited for the class to end. Finally, after another 40 minutes, the bell sounded. We, along with the rest of our class, jumped to our feet, only to be put back into our seats by the earth shaking bellow of our teacher Mr. Rao

"OY!", he shouted, his voice thick with indignation, "Just where do you think you're going? This class is over when I SAY it's over!"

Shruthi, looking truly worried by now, sat back down in her seat, brown thighs pressed tightly together underneath her pale blue skirt. Mr. Rao continued his rant, peppered with sundry abuses and expletives until finally another teacher came in and informed the class that the buses were leaving for the park and that they had to leave NOW.

Shruthi jumped out of her seat and practically ran down the stairs. The moment she reached the ground floor she turned towards the bathroom only to see a yellow triangular sign erected on the floor bearing the words "DO NOT ENTER, CLEANING IN PROGRESS"

On the verge of tears, Shruthi turned away and half ran half walked towards the bus, with me behind her. We walked to the back of the bus and took our seats. I glanced down at Shruthi's lap. Her legs were tightly crossed with one hand in between her thighs, her upper body slowly rocking back and forth, her other hand tightly holding mine. Genuinely concerned for her at this point, I turned to her and asked:

"Hey baby, do you think you'll be okay till we reach?", to which she replied,

"I really don't know", she whimpered, "I can't remember having to go this badly.."

"Hey, Don't worry, there'll definitely be a bathroom in the park, you can go then", I reassured her.

After an excruciating 20 minute drive over pothole riddled roads, we finally reached the park and got off the bus.

"It's really bad babe...", she moaned in her thick Kannadiga accent,"Help me find a bathroom...NOW!".

With that we set off looking around the park for a bathroom (The park is quite large). Shruthi was practically sprinting and I was having trouble keeping up. Finally a building labelled ಟಾಯ್ಲೆಟ್ (toilet) caught my eye.

"Over there!", I shouted, pointing to the building, Shruthi's head jerked around and, seeing the sign, sprinted towards it. I jogged behind her, barely being able to keep up. As we reached the building however Shruthi's face dropped as she saw a large padlock clamped over the door handle.

This was honestly not too surprising to me. Most parks, as well as eateries, recreational centers etc. in India, only have bathrooms in namesake. If they were to keep the bathrooms open, many of the people dwelling in the slums or less developed neighborhoods nearby who do not have toilets of their own, would come and use theirs. This would result in needing to hire a maid to keep the toilet clean and up to standards. Following the philosophy that a rupee saved is a rupee earned, most of these places keep their toilets bolted at all times, saving themselves money and allowing them to boast having a bathroom (Which is quite a useful thing to be able to say that you have in India)

Shruthi let out a loud sob and shook feverishly on the handle, legs crossed tightly, but to no avail.

"Baby.."she whimpered between sobs,"Let's leave the park and go back to my place, my house is in Sadashivanagar, it's less than a minute from here."

Knowing that there was no other option, I agreed and we headed towards the park exit. Unfortunately, just as we were nearing the exit, a teacher spotted us and shouted

"HEY! Nīvu alli hōguva?!" (where are you going)

"Sar.", she said desperately, "Nānu bātrūm baḷasalu agatyavide, Nānu ūṭada nantara idu hiḍuvaḷi māḍalāgide!"

(I need to go to the bathroom urgently, I've been holding it since lunch!)

The teacher didn't seem to care saying, "Hintirugi bāyi muccu" (Shut up and go back inside).

All of a sudden Shruthi let out a squeak and one hand shot between her thighs, and she whimpered:

"Sar please, Idu baraliruva!!", (Please sir, I can't control!!)

Not wanting to have a legal action taken against him, the teacher said "Daṇḍa ṭāyleṭ bēga bandu, hurry." (Fine, use toilet quickly and come)

No sooner had the words left his mouth than Shruthi sprinted past him and out of the park gate with me close behind her.

In under a minute we reached her house. Fumbling, she undid the latch of the main gate and dashed inside. I noticed a small wet spot, about the size of a coin on the lower area of her navy blue skirt.

Shruthi dashed to the main house door and rang the doorbell, legs tightly crossed and one hand squeezing her crotch from the backside. A minute later and the door had not opened. Shruthi rang again and again, worked up into a frenzy, and sobbing. I came behind her and, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder told her that it was all okay, as she bent over and moaned.

Suddenly I heard a soft dripping noise. Looking down I saw a few drops of piss falling from between her legs. I looked back up at her face, turning red with embarrassment, as she said in between a sob:

"Just a sec... Stay here", and slowly walked off away from the porch and towards the garden, her back facing me. I could see a noticeably larger patch of wetness on her skirt now than there was before.

All of a sudden I heard a loud gasp followed by a splashing sound. I turned to see Shruthi, in between the patio and the garden (on the cement driveway), frantically hiking up her skirt with one hand and with the other hand pulling down a pair of wet yellow panties. She pulled her navy blue skirt high above her butt and squatted down in the driveway, large brown ass fully exposed and facing me, her white converse shoes contrasting with her large, shapely, dark butt.

Before her panties were even fully down, the river began to flow. It was far louder than I had ever heard. She was truly extremely desperate. She couldn't say or do anything to prevent me from watching as she was facing the other way, as she attempted to make it to the garden. Her pee flowed for just under a minute and a half, trickling down the cement and leaving an extremely visible trail

Finally she stood up, pulling her skirt down and removing her panties. She took them off and kicked them behind a nearby pillar. She turned to face me, still gently sobbing. I hugged her and reassured her that there was nothing to be embarrassed about. She looked up and passionately kissed me on my lips. I responded by slipping my fingers underneath her skirt, feeling the dampness of her thighs and slowly moving my fingers up until I encountered her still wet pussy. Gently rubbing, she reciprocated the action by slowly pressing her palms against the ever expanding bulge in the front of my pants. After about a minute of this however, I reminded her that we ought to be getting back to the park. After another minute of so, we separated, wiped the sweat off our brow and walked back to the park.

___

Thanks to everyone for reading this hope you enjoyed it.

*002*2014-10-03 12:25

Could any other Indians please post their experiences? It would be much appreciated

