Wet thongs

Author: boywetter

*000*2020-01-28 04:50

I'd managed to buy some thongs and was wearing them regularly. They were comfortable, plus sometimes I'd get turned on just by wearing them. My wife at the time had lost interest in sex so she was good with whatever I wanted to do so long as it was just by myself. Besides the normal male playing-with-myself I thought about how much I'd enjoyed wetting, but that didn't seem like something I could experiment with in our apartment.

A couple of months later I started working overnight by myself once a week. The shop had a bathroom and a kitchen so was pretty self contained. As I was finishing up one night I started to remember wetting when I was a teenager and how it had made me feel, so decided to see if it would make me as excited as before. Next week I took some extra socks and thongs to work to see what I could do to reproduce the feeling.

After I finished my work I took off my pants so I was just in my thong. I pulled on a second thong then folded the socks at an angle so they'd catch as much as possible, then pulled it up all the way. This gave me a fairly large amount of cloth in front, which is where I thought I'd need it. Next I stepped into a THIRD thong, put another couple of socks inside that one and pulled it up as well. By now I had a really large bulge in front. It seemed strange, but running my hands over it made me excited, and I moved on to the next step. I tried to relax but nothing happened, so I drank a glass of water and did some paperwork.

Sometimes things come to those who wait, because a half hour later I needed to pee. This time I tried to hold it, but think I have a weak bladder because I wasn't very successful. Anyway, things were starting to feel promising so I went into the kitchen, stood over the linoleum just in case, and tried to wet myself. Like a long time ago I felt a little warmth, then some dampness. The dampness must have done the trick, because a couple of minutes later I was able to go a little more. It stopped for a moment, but as the dampness spread I went a little more, then was finally able to keep going.

My improvised diaper became heavier, then got wet towards the front, eventually soaking through to the outer thong. Next it started to soak up in my crotch, then started to run down one leg. I quickly went into the bathroom and stepped into the tub, then sat down and lay on my back. My thongs were wet, my legs were wet, and I could feel the pee running down over my ass. I lay there until it started to get cold, then took a shower, rinsed out my socks and thongs and hung them up in the bathroom. I don't know if the other workers noticed them during the day, but if so they never said anything. By the next overnight shift everything was dry so I could do it again. I like wetting.

