Finding a limit

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-12-08 16:37

Hello everyone!

I am busy studying still, but thought I'd come out of my cocoon of stress and journal articles to recount yesterday's tale. I was wearing 'boyfriend' jeans a kind of light-ish denim, a black t-shirt with the star-wars logo on it, a pink and black stripy hoodie, a grey, blue and pink beanie, and white Nike trainers with purple 'swooshes' hahaha.

I stopped off at the co-op as usual, I bought some orange water volvic stuff,and an iced coffee. I drank the coffee whilst waiting for the train, then I had my 50 minute journey. My first class of the day was cancelled, which I was pleased about as it meant I actually had time to get lunch this week, as quite often I go from 1100-1500 without much time, and I'm always starving.

So I went to burger king, and drank a bladder filling amount of cola.

I started to need the bathroom quite a lot, so I went to my next meeting and used the facilities there. It was 12:30 and I got upstairs and waited to meet a study mentor. I stayed their until about 1:30, and found myself super desperate throughout this whole meeting. I then went to my next thing, which was to talk to future year abroad students about my experience. I went to the toilet on the way to pee, but 5 minutes later I was outside the classroom and had to go quite a lot again. Myself and a group of other students were talking for around an hour to the younger students, and I held it easily. My mind was focused on my current uni work and as soon as it finished I bolted down to the PC's to note down my strike of genius, and do some research.

In this time I opened and downed the entire orange drink whilst typing up stuff, and at 16:00 I went to the supermarket near the station to get some christmas cards and snacks. Then I got the train. By this point I realised I was bursting, but my mum was gonna pick me up and I would be home soon and not have to walk the final stretch in the cold.

I got on the train and sat very still because if I moved my bladder kept sloshing about it was so full. Eventually my bum became numb from the position so I had to move about, but after I moved once I couldn't stop shuffling. I had to really focus now on holding it.

I got off the train and walked quickly but uncomfortably to where my mum pulls in to get me. She had phoned me and said she was stuck in traffic. I didn't want to pee myself, but I did really want a moment of composure to squeeze internally and calm myself down before getting in the car, but she pulled up just as I got there. I had to sit with my legs apart to put my rucksack and carrier bag in the foot well, which was difficult, but Mum then reminded me I didn't have dinner, and she also needed to buy bread and petrol. So I got out of the car with her and went in the shop to find something to microwave. I also bought another ice coffee! I really REALLY needed to pee now, it was really getting super strong, and my bladder was getting tired.

We got home and I ran upstairs, I was dying to pee and I was shaking and sweating with the need. I dropped my stuff down on my bed and crossed my legs super tight as I took of my hat and my hoodie. I could feel my bladder was about to release then in that moment. I thrust my hands between my legs, crossing them harder than ever and crouching right down in an effort to hold on, whilst my bladder angrily spasmed. My mum started climbing the stairs and I realised if she went in the bathroom I would pee my jeans, so I bolted into the bathroom and closed the door, had to bend right over and squeeze even harder as I could feel myself right on the verge of losing it, with two hands between my legs again as the second violent spasm washed over me, forcing my muscles all over to contract involuntarily whilst the rest of me felt like ice praying not to let out one drop.

With a shudder the spasm finished and I very gingerly removed one hand, slid the lock,and pulled down my somehow dry jeans and underwear, then peed for ages into the toilet with relief washing over me and allowing me to breathe again.

I'll write more soon!

EQ

