Movie Desperation

Author: StarCommand

*000*2021-07-31 02:35

Hey! So this happened a few weeks ago and I thought I'd share! I'm a young guy, but still not too old to see a movie with my dad and brother. We were watching Black Widow, for those wondering. Anyways, before going we had eaten at a restruant where I had drunk some tea. I then had a large drink of pop to drink throughout the movie. I did go to the restroom before the movie started, but this wasn't enough to keep me from getting desperste...

I was fine for most of the movie, but in the last third felt my bladder feeling up. I was wearing blue jeans. I had held it by shifting around in my seat a bunch, and during the last few minutes of the movie I put my hand in my blue jeans pocket to try and discretely hold myself without my dad or brother noticing, as I was between them. I was just getting ready to stand up when my dad said we should wait and watch the credits for the scene at the end, and boy was this torture! I didn't want to just hold myself, but i had to do something! 

So, I took my phone and actually pushed it down on my dick through the jeans to hold it. And it worked! Not as well as a hand.. But well enough, and I don't think they ever noticed! I was also squirming some however. During the extra end scene itself I did have to give myself a quick squeeze with my actual hand. I'm glad it was dark! We finally left and I made it OK by speedwalking to the bathroom. However I did lose a tiny little bit into my jeans before making it there. I'm glad there was no line!

