Yet another desperate travel scenario

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2018-05-26 16:32

Hello everyone so, long time no post.

Last time I was on here I'd moved to Spain, I'm now back in the UK, and I've felt more interested in holding, so I thought I'd do a write up of an experience yesterday!

I woke up to my phone ringing and it was work. I do emergency SEN cover for local schools. They wanted me to go in to a school from midday. I agreed to it, the weather was horrible and I lazed around until i forced myself to get breakfast and get dressed. I wore my work trousers, a top and black boots, my typical attire for this job! Here's what I wore to set the scene:

$$

$$$$

So I got up at 8 and used the bathroom and brushed my teeth which was stupid because I didn't have breakfast prior to doing so, but anyway, that was the last time I used the toilet.

I set off at around 10am, I got a taxi because I left my raincoat somewhere else and it was cold and wet. I got to the train station and bought my tickets and waited for the train. I then got to my change over stop and had a 30ish minute wait. My eyes did go over to the toilets and I felt a slight twinge, but being the omo pro that I am I decided to wait!

I got my train eventually, it is freezing, rainy, there's drunk people even though it's barely 11, the automatic doors keep opening and the cold is getting to me. I was half considering going on the train but once I sat in a warm seat I didn't care so much!

It was about 15 or 20 minutes on this train and I got to my stop. I had about 20 mins to get to work and wasn't super sure so I got another taxi. I had to stop to jump out at a cash point. I remembered my bladder as I stood entering my pin but it was still not so bad. I was thirsty though so I had a couple of mouthfuls of sparkling water with green apple. Thank you smart water.

Anyway I got to work and launched straight in, at about 1245 the staff were worried because they would be understaffed, I said I didn't need a lunch since id just got here, and they Said okay let us know if you need a comfort break. I did feel the need at about 1330 when I washed my hands, and considered asking but also knew I could easily wait. Instead I grabbed a drink and finished the rest of my shift not struggling but wanting to sit down every now and then to ease the pressure a bit. I finished work and considered taking a bus but the timetable said it would be 20 minutes and I wanted to get the train, so I walked.

By now it was at the forefront of my mind that I had to go, still I stopped a few times to take pictures of stuff, as id not been there before. It wasn't raining but it was a good 20 minute walk and I was cold and the roads were wet, I'd been cold pretty much since I got off the train and it really wasn't helping.

I got to the platform and had a 40 minute wait or so. I sat on the bench and shuffled, messaging people on my phone. I glanced around but none of the doors seemed open, and plus I wasn't ready to give in yet. A girl sat next to me and was chatting about her work day, and I was starting to become distracted so I probably seemed rude. I had to go so much by this point and I was so cold. I looked a bit more seriously around for a toilet at this point but the train was coming. I was also tired and kept sipping water to keep myself more awake.

The train came and I got on, I sat down and put my bag on my lap, again feeling better for sitting down in the warm. I figured I could hold it until at least my connection stop. I got off the train once more into the cold and saw it would be over a 30 minute wait because of a delay for my connecting train. I thought I'd wait a bit longer, i was going to be home soon anyway. The more I waited the more I debated going. I had a seat in the waiting area and some kid was playing with the doors letting the cold air in, I had finished all of my water by this point from absent minded sipping and I was feeling a really strong internal and external need to pee. After a while they called the train, so I went to stand on the platform.

I kept thinking that I was going to let go with each wave of desperation. I was standing bouncing on my feet with my hands in my pockets, I could feel my bladder swollen against the waist of my trousers. I looked from where the train was coming to the toilets next to me a fair few times. 3 minutes wasn't enough time, I'd go on the train if I really had to.

Eventually the train came, I got on a first class coach to avoid standing out in the cold any longer and tried to make my way to the peasant seats but there was a private door on one carriage and the other end led to the drivers cab. I stood in the vestibule near the toilet but I really wanted to make it home. It wasn't so bad in the warmth. I was tired and hungry and cold and I really had to pee. A lady used the toilet so I had to wait and was listening to some other trapped peasants conversation about their work.

We got off and I got my ticket ready as I'd seen they were doing checks, but many people hadn't noticed so there was a huge crowd and I had to painfully wait my turn to leave. I could feel each drop splashing about and I hurried into my third taxi. I needed to get home and pee!

We were stuck for about 10 minutes trying to get out of the car park as the drop off zone had turned into a game of tetris and I really had to go now. I put my bag over my lap and got money and keys, and then put my hand back in my bag to hold myself through it. The traffic wasn't so bad when we got out of the station but each stop and start was torture. I kept repeating to myself I will not lose it in this taxi!

The driver missed the turning and then went all the way back round, meaning it cost a lot more so I'd have to run inside to grab some more change. I was getting frantic now. When we got to my place I ran to the back door that is our entrance and shakily unlocked the door. Ran into my room and dumped my stuff, holding myself and pulling at my trousers as soon as I was alone. I kept repeating I'm gonna piss myself under my breath. I got the change and ran back outside still shaking, nearly throwing the change at the driver who still had the bloody meter on but I didn't give him 5p and he didn't complain.

I tore back inside to my room to grab my phone, and finally hold myself properly to ease the pressure. I snapped a pic:

$$

Then I shuffled to the toilet where I peed for ages. I had to go a couple more times after that, both with sudden urgency and near running! And this morning if HaD hadn't have woken me up to drop off my camera charger my sheets would have been less than dry as I immediately had to do a sprint holding on for dear life with both hands!

Hope you enjoyed it

EQ

