Hold of Tonight (or the attempt[s] at least)

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2021-07-23 06:32

Oh man, guys. I gotta tell you about this hold I'm doing tonight. Or the attempt at a hold anyways. It's not really a hold, but I'm having a blast.

Ok, so it started as a hold. My significant other is currently at work and either doesn't know or pretends not to know that I enjoy omorashi and my perpetually clueless roommate is at her boyfriend's. I don't get off on having people watch me, I mostly enjoy the feeling of desperately needing to go, so when the cat's away as they say...

This started out as me wanting to hold. I've already done a max capacity hold before, so I know I can hold roughly 750mL in there, but max holding isn't what gets me off. I don't really enjoy holding that much since I start to hurt but can keep going. No, what gets me off is what I don't have. I don't have urgency, I don't leak, and I don't have to go to the toilet frequently. I'd say I pee maybe four to five times a day when I'm doing my usual routine. But tonight?

Tonight I'm going to be up running.

Someone had posted a 'Lose Control' from faproulette and it looked super fun and like it would certainly make me need to go. https://www.faproulette.co/4224/lose-control/ Here it is if you want to try it to.

I didn't plan on following all of the rules, only doing the best that I could. Like I said, I don't typically leak or feel like I urgently have to go. So my goal wasn't to torture myself, only to get the urgency I don't get normally. And the frequency. Basically I'm doing a rapid fill following the drinking guidelines from the roulette and I'll update this as I plan to do at least 3 desperations before going to bed and I'm off tomorrow so sleep isn't a necessity anyways.

Anyways:

Wetting/Desperation number one: 10pm CST

Initially I planned on following the rules of the roulette, but quickly decided to amend some of that. I don't feel like explaining wet clothes right now, so wetting my pants wasn't going to happen. I did decide to let the dice choose what I was going to drink and how long I was going to try to wait. I ended up rolling for 8oz of juice and 8oz of water every 30 minutes with the hold time of 3 hours starting as soon as I could feel the pee in my bladder. Sounded like a good plan and since I wasn't following all of the rules, I decided to add some of my own. Namely, chores I had to do around the house. I started by peeing so I was starting fresh and didn't have anything left in me.

First drink down, and now we wait.

10:30pm CST:

Second drink of both tea and water down. I've got two one liter cups sitting next to me, so I'm guesstimating the total amount, but I figure roughly 4 drinks from each glass oughtta do it. I'm already feeling the need to go, but it's not so bad that I need to get up and go. I'd say maybe a 3/10. Doesn't help that I'm watching a comedy show and cracking up.

11pm:

Third drink. The urge is definitely there, probably a 5/10 at this point. Sitting crosslegged on the couch is getting uncomfortable, but it isn't horrible.

11:30pm:

Fourth drink. 7/10 and I'm feeling it. Sitting crosslegged isn't happening but at least the show is over now. I tried to watch some youtube videos, but nothing seemed very interesting (or at least enough to distract from the growing pressure in my lower abdomen.) I decided to lay down and take some of the extra pressure off of my bladder. I don't plan to start working on chores until I cannot focus on anything other than the need to pee.

Midnight:

Fifth drink. Changing up the tactics because I'm now out of juice. Tea it is.

Holy balls I gotta go. 8-9/10 most definitely. Time for chores. On the list for now is 3 things. Unload the dishwasher, start a load of laundry, and hand wash the dishes which can't go in the dishwasher. It took me a good five minutes to climb out of bed simply because I was scared of losing it and then I had to waddle like a pregnant woman to the kitchen (which is right by my bedroom). Bending over to unload the dishes was treacherous to say the least and I kept wiggling around to the point I was afraid I was going to drop something.

And then I had to put away the rice maker. Our rice maker is not small and we have it up on one of the higher shelves. In order to put away the bowl of the machine, I had to take it down, open it up, put the bowl in, and then lift the entire thing back up to its proper position. I got it down ok, but getting it back up? I very nearly lost it. I was squirming and desperate and wanted so badly to hold myself but no. I was stronger than that.

Then I went around the house and gathered up all of the towels. Going upstairs to my roommate's bathroom was torturous and coming down with the basket full of towels and not stopping to shove one between my legs and let loose felt like I was fighting a losing battle. And then starting the laundry? That initial rush of water had me doubled over in desperation.

But the piece de la resistance was hand washing the dishes. By this point, I'm at a 9-9.5. I cannot stop squirming. My thoughts are enveloped with the urge to go. And I turn on the water. Oh god, that sound was painful, but I couldn't run away yet. It was only 6 dishes. I don't think I've ever handwashed so fast in my life. I had just managed to pull the plug when I felt something which both excited me and honestly made me so aroused I moaned out loud.

I leaked.

It was time.

12:30:

Sixth drink. Yes, I took another drink before going to the bathroom. I planned on continuing the urgency, remember? Then I hobbled as quickly as I could to my bathroom, my pussy so wet I couldn't tell if I was still leaking or just horny. I barely crossed the threshold of the bathroom when I felt another spurt leave my bladder. Ripping off my pants, I dove into the shower, pee beginning to leak down my legs before peeing in earnest.

I probably peed for a solid thirty seconds with a few spurts after. It felt absolutely incredible, but I had a problem. All of the towels were now in the wash.

*001*2021-07-23 06:50

Update:

The clueless roommate came home unexpectedly. I had just assumed she would be staying over at her boyfriend's, but apparently not. Whatever, once she goes into her room. She doesn't come out unless she needs to go to the bathroom across the hall from her and she lives upstairs so it's not like she will see me running to the toilet.

Speaking of which:

12:45am CST

After walking through the house naked to get a fresh towel, I got myself cleaned up before taking my seventh drink and making another slight change in tactics. Rather than continuing to drink a total of 16oz every thirty minutes which is starting to make me feel a bit on the bloated side, I'm going to take 6 swallows of each every 15 minutes. I also need to switch to just water after this glass of tea because it's not actually my tea, its the boyfriend's and he will want to know what happened to the full bottle he bought yesterday if I don't stop.

1:00:

I'm already feeling like I am going to need to go again soon. This was while I was typing up the previous post. The urge crept up on me while I was typing, so I decided to see how long I could last.

1:15:

God, this feels incredible. I'm so full already and the pressure is only mounting. It hasn't even been an hour and I need to go again. Not badly yet, probably a 5/10, but the feeling is definitely there. This honestly is my favorite part of rapid filling. Not the first pee, but the subsequent pee when your bladder is just that much weaker and you don't have the same capacity.

1:30:

I don't know what happened or where the time went, but my bladder went from a comfortable 6/10 to a 9/10 in like five minutes. I was squirming around on the couch (honestly enjoying the feeling of my still slightly moist underwear rubbing my clit) and suddenly it was a 9. Like a 'if you don't get in there now there's going to be consequences'. So for the second time in an hour, I'm waddling to the toilet praying I don't pee my pants. I made it and had a bit of fun before going and beginning again.

1:45: or right now.

I'm definitely going to have to call it for the night after this one. This is going much faster than I thought but I am living for it. It's only been 15 minutes and I'm sitting happily at a 3/10. I'm going to finish my cup of water, move the towels over, and go have some fun.

I'll update on how the rest of the night goes probably tomorrow. Thanks for joining me on this fun little ride!

*002*2021-07-23 14:32

Update:

I ended up peeing three more times since my last post and it was glorious.

My bladder continued to rapidly fill and by 2:30 I needed to pee again. So, squirming and desperate, I grabbed my vibrator and turned it on. Oh, the ecstasy! My pussy was so wet I honestly thought I was leaking again, but by this point I didn’t care. The orgasms which rippled through me were intense and almost immediate. I tried desperately to hold on, but alas that was not to be and I ended up waddling to the bathroom, weak in the knees, and sitting on the toilet just as my bladder let go.

I ended up sitting there for a while longer to give it a bit of a rest in hopes of maybe getting some sleep before cleaning up the mess I had made of myself and getting ready for bed.

I ended up falling asleep rather quickly only to be awoken an hour later by my dog whimpering to go outside and my own bladder begging for release. Bathroom breaks were had all around (let the dog out first, of course) and I climbed back into bed.

Around 6, I was woken again by my bladder once again and scurried of to the toilet. By now my goal was to just get some sleep, so nothing much else happened.

It’s now 9:30 ish and I’m awake again, bladder sitting comfortably at a 7 as I type this up.

This has been everything I hoped for and more and I hope to do this again sometime soon! Having a strong bladder is great when you need it to be, but for me experiencing the opposite is incredible too.

