Holding contest

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2016-11-03 04:28

I had my first holding contest with another member on this site today. I have never done anything like this before, so it seemed more like a practice run, but I still believe the results were pretty good!

We had agreed to officially start our contest at 7:30 PM . I started my day and had a cup of hot cocoa and hot tea around 8 AM. I continued on with work while the liquid worked itself through my system. I had planned on keeping all the liquid inside me until tonight, but I'm one of those that seem to have a more difficult time holding it in after I use the restroom. I think it was about 1:30 PM when I had actually used the restroom – I had planned to go earlier but things came up that prevented me from going on earlier.

I continued about my day with the decision not to use the restroom anymore until tonight. I drank large quantities of water from my bottle and about 3:30 PM I could start feeling the effects. On a scale of one to ten with ten being the point of peeing, I was probably at a 4. An hour and a half passes, and it creeps up to a 6.5. Getting off my chair and walking around to do stuff really puts a strain on my bladder. I have to jam my hand into my crotch when I sit down, and I start moaning and grunting in discomfort.

I start messaging my competitor that if it's possible to move up the session to 7:00 PM instead as I can already see myself losing control. Before I leave work at 6 PM, it's getting quite painful – I can't even stand up straight. I have to bend my knees inward and hunch over because my bladder is aching. What's worse is that there's more traffic than usual to get back home, and I'm hoping that I don't wet myself on the ride home. I've also noticed that I unconsciously let some pee out, as I felt my crotch dampen a little bit. I'm probably at the low 8s by now. I'm even thinking about letting some out in splurts just to ease the pain as my pants are wet already, but I hurry off on the way home.

I get home and I'm about 8.9. My sides actually hurt as I'm moaning and grunting like crazy. I take off my uniform and jam my hands into my crotch, hoping I don't lose it right there. I slip into my cycling gear and we began our session.

Here is an excerpt of our chat after a few exchanges and a jumps :

Her: Damn you sure look desperate

Me: omg omg omg. it's so...

Me: i'm about to piss myself!!!

Me: fuk

Me: fuk fuk fuk

Me:

Her: I saw it [the video], that was one sexy video of you peeing your skinsuit

Her: Shit shit shit!...

Her:

My competitor beat me out – she was wearing blue underwear and a blue bra, but only I shared pictures. Still – it was a great experience! The holding session may not have gone the way it was supposed to, but it was still a lot of painful yet joyful fun that I had. Can't wait for the next one!

Attached are some images.

@hc01a: photo of me being very, very desperate and very soon to losing it.

@hc01b: video of me jumping. really does NOT help!

@hc01c: video of me losing the contest and wetting myself.

@hc01d: photo of the aftermath.

$$

%hc01b.wmv

%hc01c.wmv

$$

*002*2016-11-05 14:21

Thanks!

