Had an accident in my skirt

Author: Omomancer

*000*2020-05-10 09:19

Hi! so ive never written about my wetting experiences before but i rly enjoyed this one so i figured id write about it for you guys?

I should.. probably describe myself? im a trans dude (havent had bottom surgery if that matters to anyone), kinda chubby, and i was wearing a kinda tight bikini bottom + a knee-length skirt

I hadnt peed since waking up so i was already kind of desperate, but i drank two bottles of iced tea + a glass of water, and while i dont have a small bladder, ive been doing a lot of holds lately so my muscles are a little weakened, and i fill up quick when i drink a lot at once.

So im sitting cross-legged on the floor (as i was told to do lol) and im filling up quick, until my bladder starts to feel firm and i can feel pee pressing at my pee hole, trying to get out, im squirming a little and i have my skirt shoved between my legs to help holding. by the point i start to feel like im gonna leak, i stand up and go to grab my towel (which was on the floor elsewhere) to move it where i was sitting, because i didnt feel like leaving a puddle. i had been leaking.. a little, at this point, not enough to even wet my bottoms but little drips that i could kind of feel dribble out. the first 'real' leak happened when i bent over to pick up my towel.

Something about bending over like i did must have squashed my bladder and it just gushed out of me. something interesting happened which doesnt usually happen to me. when i leak i usually feel it come out, as im fighting to hold on, this time though, it just came out and there was nothing i could do, i just suddenly felt really wet and warm, and some of it actually dripped through my bottoms and skirt onto the floor. i was surprised, and didnt want to lose it right then so i stood back up, not picking up the towel

I still really didnt want to leave a big puddle so i steeled myself and bent over quick to pick it up again, and the same thing happened. i gushed badly and re-wet my already wet and warm clothes, some of it streaming down my legs. this time, though, i managed to pick up my towel and moved back to my spot. the two big leaks made it a little easier to hold, but not for long, as everything i drank made sure i filled back up within a few minutes. at this point i was leaking kind of sporadically. id let out large spurts, think im fine, and then fill back up.

At one point, i got a really bad wave, and i still dont know how i managed to hold it through. i think its because of the way my crotch was shoved into the floor? anyway, i could feel my entire body tense up, as i could feel my bladder squeeze and push, trying to empty itself. shockingly, i didnt leak during it, somehow, but that was probably one of the worst waves id ever felt during a hold.

It wasnt long after that though that i started to lose it. i stood up to get more iced tea, and i started leaking. i knew if i moved to sit back down itd squash my bladder in the process and id burst, so i stood there, my skirt shoved into my crotch as i struggled to hold it. i just kept leaking, though, and i could feel it spreading over my skirt and down my legs as i kept spurting, until my muscles were too tired and i just couldnt hold it anymore. it started streaming freely through my clothes, to the point my skirt was stuck to the inside of my thighs without me even holding it, due to how absolutely soaked it was. i knew i couldnt hold it anymore so i just stood there, wetting myself freely until i was (i thought) empty

I took my skirt off to get a picture of it, and i felt my bladder pang again. apparently i wasnt empty. so i just relaxed and let the remainder re-wet my bikini bottoms, soaking it and the towel beneath me again. now, im sitting here writing after emptying myself, and im already feeling kind of full again @[email protected]

Here's the pic i took of my skirt- i hung it up to get a picture but im not sure how well it turned out. you can definitely tell how soaked it is though lmao. i wouldve taken a picture of my bottoms as well, but stains dont show up well, if at all, on those

