College Life

Author: DreamyMelMel

*000*2011-04-09 01:28

I am part of a soroity at my college and tonite we began welcoming the new members.

We have done plenty of rituals but tonite was a little different.

Now I have been into Omorashi for awhile and I knew some of the girls were too. So when given the chance we got to make up a test of faith for the new members.... which lead us to have a holding competition.

There are 12 girls trying to become members and all were willing to participate.

So obviously we had to set some restrictions so we had all the girls empty their bladders before we began. We explained that they would drink one bottle of water and one can of soda every half hour.

Now the goal is to find the one girl who can hold her bladder the longest. When we started a couple girls only lasted about 3 waters and 3 sodas. Then slowly they all began to fail (which was a let down to those of us who like the desperation) but after about 6 sodas and 6 waters there were two girls left.

The first girl is tall and slender with strawberry blonde hair the second was a brunette with an athletic body and large breasts. So these two were really holding out. The first girl was rocking back and forth in her chair with her hands in her womanhood. She was shaking and breathing pretty heavy. The second girl was pacing around the room with her knees knocking together and crossing her legs. This went on for about 15 minutes.

Since we were already 3 hours in, the girls decided that they would have to stand and tied the girls hands behind their backs. This hurried the process along. Because in a matter of minutes the first girl was shaking and bending over started to dribble. This quickly ended up in a torrent of pee. Just when she finished we untied both girls hands. After declaring the winner, the second girl was on her way to the bathroom when she lost complete control.

We decided that we want to find the ULTIMATE PEE HOLDING CHAMPION. So we are going to hold these competitions at least once a week and if you want I can report back. Just lemme know if you want me to keep writing !


*005*2011-04-09 16:39

Since it seems like enough people want updates i'll be more than willing to tell you all stories!!

*008*2011-04-14 16:32

Alright well last night we had another sorority meeting and yet again we had a holding competition.

Since some of the girls were bragging about how last week's was too easy we decided to change it up:

Rules:

1 drink every half hour

1st two hours only allowed to sit

Minimal movements (no jumping)

Since 15 girls were playing this time we decided that we could try teams. 3 groups of 5.

If the group lost all its girls first then they would have to clean the pee up after the game.

So the groups were pretty competetive and the girls were doing much better then last week.

At the 3 hour mark we raised that 1 drink every 15 minutes.

This quickly knocked out a bunch of girls.

The first group: Fiery Red Heads

Lost 3 girls after 4 hours

And slowly lost their 4th girl.

The second group: Bouncing Blondes

Lost 2 girls and were holding out strong

The third group: Brilliant Brunettes:

Lost 4 girls right after the game change

Left with one girl who seemed to be struggling.

After another 45 minutes the blondes were out and had lost the competition.

So we were left to watch The Fiery Red Head against the Brilliant Brunette.

They were both moving rapidly and holding on for dear life.

The red head was pacing the room and grasping her womanhood.

While the Brunette was sitting on the floor rocking back and forth.

When the brunette stood up she lost some control but quickly got it back.

Just then the red head turned to look at what was happening and lost control.

So the winner.... The Brilliant Brunettes!!

*014*2011-04-28 02:46

I wish that I could take pictures or videos or whatever, but we all swore that we wouldn't do that.

We can talk about it all we want but we can't use cameras, phones, or anything at all.

Sorry I wish I could, but I don't wanna risk my spot :(

Sorry I haven't updated lately but the contests have been put on hold for a while due to some girls complaining about not wanting to do it. But we have another one planned for friday night so I will of course update by monday night.

*017*2011-04-30 15:05

Alright... here we go. Last night's holding competition was a small one.

We got a group of girls who claimed to be able to hold it the longest.

The first was a blonde who I am going to refer to as Ana. Ana was wearing a micro-mini jean skirt and black tank top.

Next we have another blonde called Stephanie. Steph was wearing a pink dress that came just above her knees.

Then we have a brunette named Victoria... she was wearing kakhi shorts and a brown tank top

Finally we have a sandy brown haired girl called Kelsey.... and kelsey was wearing jeans and a black t-shirt

Okay so the rules were that they had to empty their bladders before we began. The girls had to drink 3 drinks to star (water) then would be given a cup of iced-tea once every 30 minutes. (smaller cup, we dont wanna harm the girls!

The girls could do whatever they wanted to hold but were not allowed to tickle eachother.

8:30pm- All the girls consumed the first 3 drinks

9:00pm- The girls were given the iced-tea

9:30pm- Still no action.... but given another drink.

10:00pm- Anna begins to pace around while the other 3 are sitting on the couches talking.

11:30pm- Anna is bouncing around and steadily pacing, Stephanie is sitting on the couch with her legs crossed but switching them ever so slightly. Victoria is walking around and bending over slightly. and Kelsey is bouncing around and constantly moving.

###The girls are continously given drinks throughout lapses in time###

12:00am- Anna is still pacing and has her hands between her legs, Stephanie is walking around the room and bending over every couple of minutes, Victoria is sitting on her heel and bouncing around. Kelsey was walking around when she bent over and lost all control after fighting to stop the release.

12:30am- Anna was walking around and pacing when she sat down on the couch, hopped up and started peeing. Stephanie seems relaxed just sitting on the couch crossing her legs and talking to the other girls. Victoria is jumping around doing a pee dance and saying that she doesn't know how much longer she can wait.

1:45am- Stephanie is walking around and bouncing around. She's saying she can hold more and for a while (shocking!!!). Victoria is still jumping around but sits on the floor and her bladder gives out.

(STEPHANIE IS THE WINNER)

Drink Amounts:

Anna- 10

Steph- 13

Victoria- 11

Kelsey- 9

*020*2011-05-04 14:13

Sadly, this next week is the last week of the semester so we only have one more competition left.

It's going to be smaller only the winners against each other.

But I will have a random update at some point about it cause we have plans to get together and do it again.

Any ideas for rules or anything?

