My night out :)

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2016-01-17 01:02

Hey guys :P

Tonight I went out with a group of 3 friends. We have had a few drinks ;) and I decided I was going to be naughty tonight :D

I got ready to leave the house for 7. I was wearing pink panties, black tights, a leather skirt, and a pair of black ballet flat style of shoes. I got a taxi share with my friend up to one of the larger towns near me for 7:30.

We got our selves a booth in the pub and got comfy. I was sat against the wall at the back of the booth which was good. I had already had 2 pretty large drinks before I left the house. I had a lemonade just before we planned to leave and then a fairly large glass of white wine at my friends while waiting for the taxi (She lives about a 5 minute walk from me)

Because of the pre-drinks by 9pm ish I was already getting pretty full and achy. I went to the toilet and of course I was being naughty so I sat down but ohhh noo! I forgot to pull my panties and tights down ;) I sat and just peed straight through them! It felt so good :P Once I was finished I dabbed down the worst wet bits with some toilet paper in case it showed badly and then just headed back down and got my self settled at the back of the booth again. No one any the wiser as my skirt had done a great job of hiding the wet patch between my legs ;)

We finally decided to call it a night at about 11 and got the taxi back to my friends house. Luckily I was pretty dry by then as I didn't want to risk leaving a wet bum mark on the seat of the taxi

Anyways after sitting with my friend at her house for a while just chatting a bit more about the night I decided to head back to mine. Luckily I had a fairly full bladder :D On the walk back I just let loose. I walked and peed my panties and leggings and filled my ballet flats with pee. It felt so warm and nice!

Since I got back about 12:10ish I have just been sat relaxing at home on a towel still with my wet panties, tights, and flats on :D and now im writing this! :)

Seeds x

