Train was delayed!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-11-28 21:34

Hi everyone!

Been busy with uni work and so my mild omo adventures have been pretty dull, mainly holding until I finish the next paragraph etc or whatever, nothing particularly thrilling, but here I am, with another commuters' tail.

I was wearing black skinny jeans, beige high tops with fluff inside, a white t-shirt with a cat on it wearing a beanie, my dark red uni hoodie, and a red woolly bobble hat thing cos it is FREEZING!.

I went to uni on the 9:55 train which was as always delayed as it is around this time of year, and drank my breakfast milkshake. Chocolate fudge brownie frijj. Diabetes incoming? After my 50 minute journey, I had a 10 minute wait until class, then I drank my orange and mango juice whilst in class. The class lasted 50 minutes, and I needed to go at around a 4 when I was packing up my stuff.

I went outside and sweet mother mary it was chuffing cold outside. I went with my old housemate from previous tales to Sainsburys and bought a sandwich and some jelly - the jelly im yet to eat actually, and briskly walked to the station. Ticket prepared for the barriers but they were open. I walked to platform 3 and.... where is the train? It normally terminates and sits there for nearly an hour before going off again, letting me sit there and be warm and hugged, all with complimentary wifi!

Alas, an unfortunate incident had occurred involving a body being hit by a train. And loads of lines and such were closed. I was listening to announcements, and being really cold. Our train was still being displayed as running, so I sat on a bench watching my fingers turn purple - I need to get some gloves! I ignored it at first. That slow stretching and creeping as your bladder fills. I was so cold! The screen kept wiping and displaying new information of what was cancelled.

After sitting there for I don't know, about 30 minutes, a tannoy announcement was made saying we should take a train from platform 1 and change at station X, so I did. That train was a posher train and far more warm, but now I really really had to pee! It went away if I sat a certain way, but it was starting to be on my mind a lot.

I got off posh train after I'm not sure how long because I was bursting, and was happy to find myself on platform 1, though I had to wait 20ish minutes for my train to come. I decided I would hold it, and I was doing well, but with 10 minutes to go I couldn't ignore the alarm signals. I wanted to cross my legs and stuff but I couldn't. I had to resort to pacing up and down a bit, but by the end I stood still and just squeezed my thighs together whenever I got a wave.

After a while I couldn't not stand without my legs pressed together, but I think the cold hid my predicament. Not so sure about the guy in front who was either pacing frantically or standing with his legs wrapped around each other. The toilets were over the footbridge and now it was too late to run over. I decided to at least go on the train if not to make it home.

Eventually my train came and I found a seat. I sat down and finally ate my lunch I couldn't sit still. I had to cross my legs tightly and rock back and forth, I was getting worried to be honest.

It was my stop and I got off. The cold hit and my whole bladder started tingling. I marched home, I wasn't really aware of time, just the pain bouncing back at me from my bladder. I was bursting. I stopped at the bench on the way home, and got my keys out so I could go straight in. Eventually my house was there! The chill was begging my bladder to spasm and I was fighting with everything. I unlocked the door and ran in, only for the doorbell to go and a Hermes(!) lady asked me to take in a parcel for across the road, which I did. Then I hurriedly shut the door and kicked my shoes off, running upstairs and finally able to get sweet relief.

I then had a nap for around an hour, and woke up being absolutely desperate to pee once again! I don't know what it was, but I could barely fumble out of bed I had to go so bad. I got in the toilet and shut the door, and had to cross my legs and shove my hands in my crotch to avoid completely wetting myself. Once under control I peed in the toilet and all was well!

Hope I can be more active soon,

EQ

*006*2017-07-22 07:01

{{On 14/07/2017 at 2:06 PM, wethulang said:

Aren't there WC on the train. I'm in China, and in China, there are WCs on every train, no matter how short the journey is.

}}

Yeah but it's no fun to give in!!

