Indian Movie Desperation with Girlfriend

Author: Ranganath

*000*2014-11-18 16:33

Hi once again everyone :) Today, I'll be sharing with you something that happened to my girlfriend a while back while at a movie. We had gone to see Gunday, a Hindi movie that had just been released about a week earlier. My girlfriend was extremely excited to go and see it, and I, not being bold enough to say no, resignedly accompanied her. I picked her up about an hour before the movie was to start. She looked absolutely radiant, in tight blue jeans and a white T-shirt, Shruthi looked like a model. I helped her into the car and we set off for the movie.

Upon reaching the mall, I parked the car, opened her door, and we both headed upstairs to the top floor, on which the movie was showing. We got our tickets and entered the complex just as the movie was to begin. I told her to go ahead and watch as I brought the drinks. She nodded,and went inside the hall. I bought two large Mountain Dews and headed inside, giving one to her, and sitting down on her right.

As soon as the lights dimmed, I placed a hand on her knee. To my delight, she made no move to remove it, acting as if nothing was happening. As the movie went on, I began to gently stroke her thigh, gradually moving my hand up and up, until it rested just over her crotch, near her pubic area. Reaching out her arm, she put one hand over my rapidly-hardening crotch, and began to lightly squeeze.

This went on for some time, until, deciding she would rather watch the movie,Shruthi lifted her hand from my lap, and moved it back to her own. Not wanting to come off as weird,I instantly stopped what I was doing as well. Less than 5 minutes later, the Intermission came as the lights came on. She turned to me and said,

"Hold on babe, I'll be right back, just gotta go to the washroom."

By this point of time, I too was feeling the urge,having drank just under half of that gigantic cup of mountain dew. Telling her this, I stood up and walked out of the hall with her. We merged into the vast horde of other cinema-goers who were caught in such a situation, composedly trying to walk to the bathrooms, not displaying so much as a hint of desperation.

After gently elbowing our way through the crowd, we reached the front of the horde, only to see an 'Out of Service, please use the Bathrooms on the ground floor", sign. I turned around and began leading Shruthi to the ground floor. We had to take the stairs as the escalators, as well as almost all the shops inside the mall, were shut down for the night. By the time we reached the ground floor, we had already been gone from the hall for about 10 minutes. After just 2 minutes of scouring the floor for the bathrooms, Shruthi suggested we head back and wait it out till the end of the movie. Not wanting to sound weird by expressing my ever-growing need, I nodded and headed back.

The moment that we re-entered the hall, the movie was beginning. We quickly took our seats and continued to watch. Owing to the heat and my parched throat, I couldn't help but drink a little more, and then a little, and then, until eventually, my cup stood empty, and my bladder, uncomfortably full.

I turned to Shruthi, observing her out of the corner of my eye. Her thighs were pressed closely together and she squirmed slightly in her seat. I reached out, pushing her cup gently, just to see how much remained. It fell over on to the ground, empty. Shruthi had drained it, consuming the full 2L that lay inside. I turned back to the movie screen, and thought to myself how lucky I was.

Sure enough, within half an hour, Shruthi was far too visibly desperate. she kept bending over, placing her hands between her legs, and continually changing her seating position. Unfortunately, I myself wasn't much better off, squirming continuously to maintain control. Within 10 minutes, I was on the verge of losing it. I turned to her, about to tell her that I was going to go to the bathroom, when suddenly she turned to me and said,

"Hey, um... Babe, I've actually really gotta go to the bathroom", she said with a cute giggle,"You don't mind do you?"

I replied that I too actually had to go, and we got up from our seats and made our way to the exit. Upon exiting, I half walked, half ran down the stairs to the ground floor. Upon reaching however, I discovered that the staircase had been sealed off from the rest of the mall by an iron shutter, owing to it being far past closing time. I looked at Shruthi, seeing the same trepidation and fear that I felt, in her eyes. I was silent for a second, hoping that she would speak, putting an end to this awkward silence.

"Well..", she said,trying far too hard not to sound desperate, "The movie wasn't all that good. Do you...maybe wanna go back to my place,and, you know.....", she trailed off seductively. Knowing full well that that wasn't the reason that she was so anxious to leave, I accepted and we got inside the car. I started the engine and we drove off.

After about a minute or so, Shruthi's ordeal, worsened considerably by her sitting still, grew too bad to ignore. Turning to me she said,

"Babe, please hurry up, it's really bad..."

I told her I would, and floored the accelerator, myself just as desperate to reach a bathroom as her. We drove on for another 10 minutes as Shruthi rocked back and forth in the rider's seat,with one hand locked between her thighs. All of a sudden,a spurt escaped from the tip of my cock, dampening my boxers. Determined not to pee in front of my girlfriend, I pressed onward. Within 5 minutes, we pulled up outside my house.

Shruthi leapt out of the car, and sprinted up the stairs to my house. I locked the car and followed suit. Upon reaching the floor on which my house was, I was greeted by the sight of Shruthi, bouncing around,alternating between legs, and gasping;

"Open the door, seriously!!"

While fumbling around with the keys, another spurt escaped into my boxers. At the same time, Shruthi let out a small gasp, probably owing to her ever-dampening panties. Finally the door opened. Neither of us caring to close the door behind us,we made a mad dash to the lone bathroom at the end of the hall, Shruthi already unbuttoning her jeans.

I reached the bathroom first. Dashing in. I tore down my pants, pulled my dick out, and began peeing. Shruthi barged in behind me, saw me peeing, and began shouting at me in a teary voice while hopping from foot to foot. Feeling bad for her, I paused my stream and stepped to the side. No sooner had I done that, then Shruthi leapt onto the toilet, yanking her jeans and her panties down in a single deft motion,and sat on the seat, the sound of the pressurized stream hitting the basin filled my ears instantly, arousing me greatly. Somehow, I managed to control my bladder for just under a minute as she continued peeing. Finally, my bladder gave way, as I let loose the remaining reservoir of urine, filling my boxers and soaking my khaki pants.

Shruthi just looked at me astonished, still urinating, and giggled in cute way. She wiped herself, stood up, and, without pulling her pants back up, embraced me, pressing her crotch against the warm,wet,hard surface of my crotch. Pulling me to the ground,she pulled off her crumpled up pants and damp purple panties from her ankles, and sat, legs on opposite sides, over my dick. She began to softly gyrate her hips, swaying back and forth. Needless to say, we proceeded to have amazingly MIND-BLOWING sex on the bathroom floor.

