My First Accident

Author: ItsKayla

*000*2019-04-11 14:09

Hey guys! I’ve actually been into omorashi for a while now, this is my first accident and I thought I would like to share it. This happened around

2017 when the movie Thor Ragnarok was released.

My boyfriend and I had always been a fan of the Avengers movies and every time when a movie came out we would be the first to get tickets. We got the tickets about 2 weeks in advance. The movie was at about 9pm so we planned to get dinner together before watching it.

Some info about myself: I am about 5’2 and 90 lbs. I have long blonde hair. My boyfriend calls me cute On that day I was really hyped for the movie. At about 6 I dressed myself in a red bra, an Avengers shirt, a pair of white panties and a waist length micro jeans. I had been feeling the need to pee so I relieved myself before putting on makeup and meeting my boyfriend.

My boyfriend picked me up in his car and drove me to the cinema. It was about 6.45pm. We ate some McDonalds for dinner. As I was feeling quite thirsty, I ordered a large coke and downed it together with my burger. My bladder was really empty at that point as I drank my coke.

At about 7.15pm we finished our dinner. As there is still 2 hours before the movie we decided to go shopping to pass time. We walked around the mall while I stared at the things on sale. We finished shopping at about 8 and I was starting to feel the effects of that large Coke. The pressure on my bladder is around a 3/10. Then we played some games for an hour before finally making our way to the cinema.

Just like how everybody goes to the movies, I got myself a large sprite together with my tickets. I was at a 5/10 on the desperation scale and was definitely starting to feel the effects of the drinks. I stared longingly at the long girls’ line but I was really hyped for the movie and I was running late. I could hold it, I thought.

About half an hour into the movie and I was at a 6.5/10. If it was any other movie I would have left my seat and peed, but I have been anticipating this movie for weeks and was determined not to miss any part of it. I tried to ignore my rapidly filling bladder as I watched the movie and worked my way off that coke.

Half an hour before the movie ends, I was getting quite desperate at about a 8/10. I did not understand why I had to pee so badly then but I recalled the coke at dinner and the large coke I had before the movie. Still I did not want to miss any part of the movie and slid my hands between my tightly crossed legs and pressed on my pee-hole. I was really desperate as I squirmed and shifted in my seat.

Finally, the post credit scene ended and I was about to burst. I quickly stood up and that action caused me to dribble. I realised that I was about to wet myself in public like a small girl. Instinctively I crossed my legs and stuffed my hand on my pee hole in an attempt to stop the flow. I then noticed that I was on a 9/10 on the desperation scale. I waited for my boyfriend to stand up and prepared to dash for the bathroom.

Hobbling along the alley, I prepared to ask my boyfriend to wait for me. “Hey I really gotta pee can you-” He interrupted me and said “Hey Kayla listen I gotta rush home as its getting late, my mom’s gonna kill me. I will send you home now okay?” Upon hearing that I lost another leak and crossed my legs tightly together to stop it. I really needed to pee but I did not want my boyfriend to know about my situation. I can hold it back home, I thought.

After much effort we finally got to the carpark. I danced and squirmed as I waited for my boyfriend to start the car. I really had to pee as my urge reached a solid 10. Finally I opened the car door and climbed inside. After sitting down I leaked and double-crossed my legs to help me hold the flood back. My boyfriend noticed something wrong and asked me if something was wrong. I answered “Maybe I should have went to the bathroom just now, I gotta pee really badly now” He told me that he will drive me home as fast as possible so that I can pee.

The 10 minutes back home was absolute torture for me. I dribbled and leaked, I bounced my legs, I grabbed my crotch, all in attempt to hold back the flood. My panties was soaked, I could feel the wet spot spreading to my butt on my micro jeans. Every time we braked or accelerated or went over a bump, my bladder jolted and sent a leak into my already soaked panties. I couldn’t believe that a big girl like me was on the verge of wetting my pants.

We pulled along my driveway. My boyfriend kissed me goodbye and I got out of the car, that simple action caused me to spurt. I felt some piss run down my thighs and splash on my shoes. I walked to my door, stopping frequently to grab myself or cross my legs. I desperately tried to search for my keys and open the door as I squirmed with tightly crossed legs.

As I inserted my keys into the keyhole, my mind clicked that I was home and relief was near. The floodgates opened. No matter what I did, I couldn’t stop it. I stood there and enjoyed the relief as 2 litres of pee flowed down my thighs and pooling near my feet. My panties were soaked, my micro jeans had a big visible wet spot, my shoes were wet from soaking piss. After that, reality struck me. I had just wet myself. Luckily it was dark and nobody saw me. I got into my house and washed up.

So that’s all! I will have more holding adventures and experiences in the future and I will upload them. Stay tuned!

Kayla

*007*2019-04-14 03:38

{{12 hours ago, ews21 said:

Great story glad you mostly made it at least it was not in the theater. Hopefully you 3 hours of Endgame will not end the same

}}

Oh yeah. Really looking forward to Endgame. I will hopefully incorporate some omorashi into the movie though!

*009*2019-04-14 04:56

{{27 minutes ago, ews21 said:

Good good, you could always wear a diaper to keep your clothes dry

}}

Nah I'm not into diapers, sorry. I'm only into genuine desperation and a bit of bathroom denial or bladder control.

*011*2019-04-14 11:01

{{4 hours ago, Pee jeans said:

Some months ago I witnessed a similar desperation situation (even if with a different ending).

I was at the cinema with a female friend of mine, and she quickly grew desperate during the movie; Moreover she always openly speaks about her need to pee, so she constantly re informed me about the state of her desperation!

I'll tell you the story when I've time!

}}

Sure! Please message me if you get the chance

*015*2019-04-18 10:26

{{10 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Great story. Did you find the experience enjoyable in the long run?

}}

Yep! Actually it was my boyfriend that introduced me this fetish some time later after my first accident. I will share the experience next time

