The Cruelest Irony - A Day of Omo

Author: themerger

*000*2016-11-29 05:33

This past week, I watched my Mom's house and dog while she was away. Thus I took the available space and solitude to engage in some Omo fun: I made a fun video two days ago (recently posted on the Video Links board), had a huge soak today after hours of holding and watching Omo (among other things), and was able to do ample laundry.

However, I think my bladder- and perhaps my kidneys- may be a bit worn out; I had a veritable public accident a few hours ago.

After a long rehearsal tonight (for a concert my band's playing this weekend), I had my bandmate drop me off about four blocks from my Mom's house, so as to give him a more direct route home, and save him time. I had been drinking green tea and water at rehearsal, only noticing my bladder's state on the drive home. Though I was aware that I would need a bathroom before long, I had no idea I was so sensitive.

Seriously, after about 2 blocks, my bladder was not in a good state, and I could feel modest, painless sensations from my kidneys telling me that I had to let go. I reached such a point of discomfort that I was compelled to release, especially as I struck a woefully uneven part of the sidewalk, causing me to take a large, jarring step. It reached the point where I started to get hard, not so much from conscious, sexual stimulation, but more to inhibit the flow of urine escaping my body.

However, there was enough pressure on my body to push past my natural barrier, causing pee to continue streaming down my left leg. Luckily, I was wearing a wool peacoat which covered my body down to my knee, and light was somewhat sparse down the sidewalk. It didn't take long for my wet patch to surpass the knee; by the time I arrived to my Mom's (thank god her flight was delayed!) I was almost soaked to the shoe (see below images). Sadly, I was really looking forward to wearing these pants throughout the week, and certainly did not want a pee stain on the inside of my pea coat, from where my wet leg kept touching coat's interior; the lasting damage won't be too bad, but probably visible until I can replace the lining.

All that said, though it was somewhat exciting to have a public accident, I think I may need to take it easy on my body. I take my continence for granted and would be much dismayed were I to lose it. I truly love Omo, and am very thankful for this community, but I think tonight was a good reminder that we all have our limits.

$$

