My One and Only School Wetting

Author: fury85

*000*2018-02-28 03:42

If you have read my other story on here you know that between the Ages of 7 & 10 my perception of how long I could hold myself and how long I could actually hold it were a bit skewed. Most of the time this left me running to the bathroom to make it just in the nick of time. Still sometimes it left me with wet underwear or even worse a small wet spot on my pants. Small incidents like this while not exactly common but did happen. Luckily they pretty much always went unnoticed.

In my mind children of this age simply did not pee their pants. That was a thing only babies did. I certainly wasn't a baby, so there was no way I would have accidents. This logic led me to write some checks my bladder couldn't cash. This day at school I bounced a check and my pants paid the price.

It was the school year after my accident at Valley Fair. I was 8 years starting 3rd grade. After my accident at the amusement park I had become pretty couscous of my needs to go and made sure to get to the bathroom at the first sign of needing one. For the first few weeks I was running back and forth to the bathroom like a 3 year old still being potty trained. As the summer wound down though, I found myself falling into old routines. I would wait just a little to long wile playing, or watching TV and I would need to run to the bathroom to avoid another accident. Still I made it to through the summer without even so much as damp underwear. As the school year started my spirits were ridding high and my accident was becoming just a bad memory.

After a whole summer of being able to run to the bathroom at anytime I needed School was a little bit of a transition for me. The class room policy was one boy and one girl could go to the bathroom at the same time. That meant if I had to go and another boy was already out of the class room I had to put my name on the little white board by the door to hold my place in line. Than I could go after they returned.

Leading up to this day this system had been a little problematic for me. I might be working on some class work and try to put it off until I was finished. Or reading a book and wanting to finish the chapter I was on. At home this would be of no issue. I would simply run to the bathroom right after I finished and be fine. At School this lead to the my first damp underwear in almost four months. I had waited to long and even though I asked the teacher I was told that I had to wait. I sat at my desk with my legs crossed as tight as I possible could but it still wasn't enough. I leaked.

I was determined to keep my cool as I knew it was only a few drops. When the other boy returned I took a deep breath and stood up to leave for the bathroom. As I did another few drops fell into my underwear I quickly grabbed myself as discreetly as I could and left the room. Once in the hall I was in full blown desperation mode. I hobbled down the hall holding myself with both hands. When I made it to the bathroom I was in a panic with my need to go at a level of no return. I did a Potty Dance as I leaked in my jeans in front of the toilet. With tears in my eyes finally got my clothes out of the way and found the relief I needed. Once I was finished I checked my pants and realized I had left a wet spot about the size of a golf ball in my crouch.

I was mortified. I almost started to cry as I started at my pants. I wanted to die. After a couple minutes though I calmed down and realized it wasn't that bad. My jeans were pretty dark and it was hard to notice. I rubbed it as dry as I could with toilet paper and returned to class. The rest of the day I tried to stay at my desk as much as possible so I was sure no one would see what I had done.

By lunch time I was dry and I had gone completely unnoticed. I went about the rest of my day ashamed of myself and vowing not to let it happen again.

As the days went on I began to make myself feel better by convincing myself that I happen't even had an accident. I mean I really only leaked a small amount right, That doesn't count? Plus the last time I had to go that bad I had a "Real Accident" so this meant I was a grown up now, not a baby so no more accidents.

Then it happened.

One Day after lunch and recess I was over I came back to class. I had spent to much time talking with friends and not gone to the bathroom before returning to class. I really didn't think anything of it. I didn't even ave to go at this point. The problem was it was now reading time and I was reading a book that I must have found very interesting. My Juice from lunch was making it through my system and I started to feel my need building. I looked at the clock only fifteen minutes left in reading time. I thought to myself okay I will finish reading time and than go afterwards. So I read my book for the next fifteen minutes and when the time was over I walked over to the door so I could go to the bathroom.

What I didn't count on was; apparently I wasn't the only person that needed to go. One person was already in the bathroom and there where already two other names on the list. I was a little worried now. My need to go had risen substantially in the last fifteen minutes and now I had no idea how long it would it would be before I go. I sat at my desk working on math watching the door like a hawk waiting for my turn. Five minutes past and the first boy returned. I was desperate at this point my legs were crossed and I could barley concentrate on my math problems. Ten minutes later I was beginning to panic. My Hand where in my crotch my legs twisted and my legs bouncing furiously. I knew I was reaching the point of leaking. If I didn't make it to the bathroom soon I was going to do the unthinkable.

My mind was racing what would I do if I had an accident in school, I would be a laughing stock. Everyone would know. My mind raced and raced and raced. it was all i could think about.

Than it happened.

The first leak.

I felt my underwear grow wet as I leaked into my pants. I thought to myself there is no way you can do this. Hold It! The second boy came back from the bathroom. Only one left. I was so over joyed I leaked again and again and again. At this point I could feel that my underwear was wet. I clamped down with both hands and stemmed the flow. the next three minutes pasted like hours. I could feel little leaks every now and than. I shifted my legs trying to keep control and I could feel that my underwear was now soaked. it stuck to my legs as moved uneasy in my seat. Another minute pasted. With no sing of the last boy before me I felt another leak. This one though did not stop. With both hands buried in my crotch holding on for dear life and reputation. I felt myself loose control and wet my pants. It was horrible. I felt it hit the front of my pants and wash over my lap. I felt it pooling under me in my seat and travel up the back of my underwear. All the while accompanied by a faint hiss.

I tried to stop myself but by the time I could it was no use. I had peed myself.

There was no denying what I had done and I would have to face the music. I tried to stay cool and not draw attention to myself. The last thing I wanted to do was make a scene now. So I sat in my chair and my mess. I could feel I was sitting in a puddle as shifted uneasily. When the last boy came back I didn't move. At this point no one seemed to notice what I had done. After a couple of minutes the teacher asked if I was going to use the bathroom? I said no and told her the next boy on the list could. She gave me a funny a look but nothing more. I was determined to sit in that chair until school was done.

The only problem with this was that I had been able to stop myself and still needed to go. To make matters worse the day was only half over. I decided to sit there until I was either caught or was at risk of having a second accident. I wasn't going to have two in one day! After about twenty minutes it was that time. I needed to go and there was no line for the bathroom. So I stood up.

I felt pee that had been trapped in my pants and chair start to make its way down my legs, It wetted my shoes and dribbled onto the carpet a little even. My wet pants clung to me as I walked to door. Everything seemed very slow as I walked, the wooshing of my wind breaker pants (very stylish in those days) seemed to echo in the room. I expected someone yell out he peed his pants or to hear laughter and jokes as i walked past my whole class in soaked pants.

I heard nothing.

Once in the hall I looked my pants and I saw no wetness. I touched them and they felt wet and clung to me. I could feel I soaked my under pants but I could see nothing. I made it the bathroom and realized my wind breaker pants had saved my life. While I almost completely emptied my bladder the plastic like material had absorbed nothing and showed no signs of my accident. I looked at my underwear and they were soaked. I took them off and rang them out over the toilet trying to dry them out.

I had never been so relieved and ashamed in my life. No one had noticed my pee myself in class and I now believed there was a chance they might not. Still by my own logic I was now a baby. This was my second accident as an 8 year old even if no one found out I still did it and I would still know.

I cleaned and dressed myself again than returned to class. No one said a word to me. I Spent the rest of the day ashamed of myself not talking to anyone. I felt like a little boy un-potty trained and waiting to be found in my pee pants.

At the end of the day I returned home and changed.

I never told anyone.

*002*2018-02-28 23:02

Thanks for the reply! i have been working on writing skills, glad to see it is showing.

