Wetting at my university course infront of other students

Author: LittlePee

*000*2022-02-17 09:23

On the day in question, I did not wake up as usual by my alarm clock, but because the sun shone brightly into my room.

I had clearly overslept. A quick glance at the clock made it clear that I could still make it to my compulsory attendance class on time if I skipped my morning shower and breakfast.

So off I went. I didn't have much time to think about what I wanted to wear, so I pulled the first clothes out of my closet. A black lacy thong (not very liquid absorbing), a tight long medium blue highwaist jeans, a light bra, a tight white T-shirt and a light gray cardigan (fortunately, as it should turn out later).

During the ride to the university on my bike I realized that I had also skipped my morning walk to the toilet. However, the bicycle saddle between my thighs, made the feeling of having to very bearable, almost exciting.

In front of the university I parked my bike and hurried to find the right lecture hall.

The lecture was in one of those halls where the professor is far down and tables of students go up like stairs.

Since I was one of the last to enter the hall and the professor had already started his introduction to today's session, I quickly sat down on a seat in the top row. It must be said that the room was far too large for the small number of students in my course. I had the last row almost to myself. A few tables away, two fellow students were seated, otherwise there were students only two rows below me again.

While I bent over to get my laptop out of my bag and rummage for my water bottle, I realized for the first time that I had to go to the bathroom. There was an uncomfortable pinch in the area of my bladder. The tight highwaist pants I had pulled out of my closet that morning didn't make this feeling any better. On the contrary. They increased the natural pressure of my bladder again unpleasant.

Annoyed by the situation and exhausted from my jaunt to the university, I took a big gulp from my water bottle and started to concentrate on the lecture....

Twenty minutes later, I caught myself starting to shift restlessly back and forth in my seat. I tried to pull myself together and refocus on what my professor was explaining and about applied statistics. To give myself some relief, I wedged my bottle between my legs. I needed my hands to type on the computer. Forty minutes into the lecture, my concentration was shot. I rocked restlessly from one foot to the other, moved my pelvis back and forth and massaged myself with my hand. Still, I felt the first drops making their way into my panties.

Now was pretty much the last moment to make it to the toilet in time, I was aware of that, but the list for compulsory attendance that you had to sign (and I had already reached the maximum of allowed absences in this course) was only a few rows below me. If I went to the bathroom now, I would pretty much not make it back in time to sign, which would mean failing the course.

The first drops in my panties had been joined by a few more in the meantime. I clearly felt the heat on my vulva. Under normal circumstances in the quiet of my room or in a deserted place, this circumstance would have made me pretty horny, but here in the middle of the university?

I felt the urine hotly throbbing against my exit and the effort to hold it back drove beads of sweat on my forehead. To distract me a bit, I took a few hearty sips from my water bottle, which in retrospect, was totally stupid...

When the longed-for list had reached the last of the students below me, i.e. was almost within reach, I felt my muscles give way. A hot, unstoppable stream poured into my panties and since it was not one of thicker cotton, but a lace thong, it was only a matter of seconds that the pee had soaked him completely and made his way into my pants.

I sat there frozen. The pee continued to run down my pants, reaching my bottom and forming a small puddle on my chair.

When the girl got up a few rows in front of me to bring me the list to the back, I pulled myself together and stopped the flow, summoning all my strength. I quickly put my cardigan over my lap to cover up my mishap.

With a smile she handed me the list and I thanked her with a high red head, she didn't seem to notice anything.

As she went back down the steps, my bladder muscles gave way again and more pee soaked through my pants. When the flow finally came to a halt, some urine was already dripping from the chair onto the carpet of the hall. This had darkened conspicuously, just like my pants in the area of the crotch, the butt and a bit down the thighs.

I signed the list, fully aware that I would have to pass it on to fellow students a few tables away. It was impossible to cover up what had happened. The cardigan would cover up what had happened, however, I had to get up to put it on so it wouldn't get wet. Either way, my accident would probably not go unnoticed.

I gathered my things and stood up. The student with closest looked at me, looked down at me, and widened his eyes. With a bright red face, I pulled on my cardigan, shouldered my bag, and got the 15 steps behind me to hand him the attendance sheet. All the while, he stared at my crotch and the stain under my chair.

I turned around, wrapped my cardigan tightly around me, and left the auditorium. As I walked quickly towards my bike, I slowly felt a sense of relief and somehow arousal at the humiliation I had just experienced. The ride home, with the saddle between my wet legs, increased this feeling of excitement so far that I satisfied myself in my wet clothes before I jumped into the shower at home.

