Wetting After Work

Author: roguekitty

*000*2014-09-03 08:32

Hey everyone!

It's been a really long time since I've written anything here and I figured that since I've had some extra time on my hands, it might be really fun to post an experience that happened a few months ago.

Okay, so I live in a tiny New York apartment with 2 roommates, which makes it a bit difficult to indulge in this little hobby of mine. Well, it was a Friday night and one of those rare occasions that I actually had the entire apartment to myself. My one roommate, Julie, was visiting her parents for the weekend and wouldn't be back until Sunday. My other roommate, Brittany, was out seeing some guy and probably wouldn't be home until the next day. Needless to say, I was pretty excited to finally have the opportunity.

That day, some co-workers invited me out for drinks after work and I gladly accepted, figuring that it would be a great way to start the evening. I was very careful not to get drunk or stay out too late, so I only had few drinks and waited long enough for the pressure in my bladder begin to build. With my bladder sufficiently full, I decided to say my goodbyes to everyone and headed for the nearest subway station.

Still in my work outfit, I was wearing a red button up blouse, black business pants with a black v-string underneath, and an incredibly annoying pair of heels that I tossed in my bag and replaced with some sneakers. As I got to the station, the train was just pulling away. It was slightly inconvenient, but not that big of a deal since it wouldn't be too long until the next one showed up. As I wait on the platform, I could feel my bladder filling up. The excitement of thinking about what would inevitably happen only intensified the sensation. I started to fidget a little bit; First tapping my foot, then I began swaying my hips from side to side.

After a few minutes of tapping, swaying, and pacing back and forth, the train finally arrived! Luckily, it wasn't as crowded as I anticipated and I was able to quickly find a place to sit. I slid into the hard plastic seat and placed my bag on my lap. The pressure in my bladder continued to build and every so often I would sneak a hand under my bag to hold myself for a little bit. I sat there, imagining myself letting go and wondered how everyone would react if I just soaked my pants right in front of them. I kept thinking like that and every second I held back the urge to simply let go and piss all over myself, the more turned on I became. By the time the train came to my stop that every step I took off of the platform was making me squirm and sending out tingling waves of pleasure. My face was completely red and I was hardly even able to keep my composure.

After a short rest, I felt that I was able to make the two block journey back to my home. During the trip I alternated between feelings of extreme excitement and pure anxiety as I was overtaken by waves of desperation. Every few feet I had to stop and regain control in order to prevent having an accident right in the middle of the sidewalk! By the time I actually got to my apartment building, I was both incredibly desperate and absurdly horny. I was so sensitive that even the small amount of friction from my clothing was driving me wild. Although there was no visible sign of it, I could feel that I was dripping wet, but surprisingly, not at all from pee. I couldn't believe I had made it home without even an accidental dribble; I was actually pretty impressed with myself.

Anyway, I decided to take the stairs up to my floor (because apparently I'm a little bit of a masochist) and made it all the way without an incident, but as soon as I opened the door to my apartment, my bladder wavered and released a warm spurt of pee that forced its way directly though my panties and created a small wet patch on my crotch then dripped down my leg! I quickly clenched my thighs together and forced it to stop. I ran inside and slamming the door behind me!

I stood in the living room, leaning against the front door with my thighs clenched together and my hand pressed firmly between my legs. After a few moments, I regained control and inspected the damage. Not surprisingly, the wet spot on my crotch, along with the tiny dribble on my leg, was barely visible against my black pants. Feeling kind of underwhelmed, I decided to change into something a little more fun.

I made my way to my bedroom and rummaged through my clothes, doing a little pee pee dance the entire time. Finally, I settled on a cute pair of teal boy shorts with lace trim along with some faded denim jeans. I stripped completely naked and slid on my panties before checking myself out in the full body mirror hanging on the back of my bedroom door; I felt so incredibly sexy standing there in my little boy shorts, knowing they'd become completely soaked in just a few minutes. I pulled my jeans up until they were just beneath my butt and had to lay down on my bed to get them the rest of the way. As I buttoned them, I felt another jet of pee escape from aching bladder. The hot spray dampened the crotch of my new panties and pooled at my butt a little bit.

My immediate instinct was to grab my crotch and jump up from my bed. Looking into the mirror again, I couldn't see any visible damage at first. As I caressed the spot on my butt where the pee had gathered, I watched intently as a tiny wet patch formed. Looking at this, I became keenly aware of the warmth and wetness against my pussy from my newly damp panties I spread my legs a little further apart and began rubbing myself. I intentionally let some pee out as I continued rubbing. I watched a small wet patch begin to form between my legs, darkening the denim then spreading to my thighs. A small stream poured over my fingers and pitter-pattered against the hardwood floor. In that instant I came incredibly close to climaxing, but forced myself to stop rubbing and move to the bathroom before I soaked my bedroom floor.

Once inside, I climbed into the bathtub, leaned my back against the wall and continued to touch myself. I unbuttoned my jeans and slid my right hand between the soaking denim and my saturated panties. My hand immediately found its way to my clit, now only separated by the thin material of my dripping wet panties. My left hand glided gently over my body, starting at my belly, then making its way up towards my breasts, then to my neck and face. Finally, I allowed myself to let go; I felt the torrent of piss that had been built up inside me finally release, pouring down my thighs and soaking my feet. I pulled my jeans down further and left them rest just below my butt. My hips swayed in a rhythmic motion as I continued to rub myself.

It only took a few seconds until I reached an amazingly intense orgasm. My entire body spasmed as a rush of pure ecstasy pour to every inch of me. My legs nearly gave out and I was forced to steady myself. I pressed my trembling hands against the wall and leaned my back against the wall, slowly sliding down until I was sitting in my puddle of my own pee. Out of breath and with my heart pounding in my ears, I pulled my sopping wet jeans off and draped them over the side of the bathtub, then I sat there for a few moments in a euphoric haze until I heard the front door to the apartment open! Shakily, I climbed to my feet and bolted to the bathroom door, shutting and locking it. The front door closed and I heard footsteps coming closer.

There was a light knock on the door; "Ash, you in there?" Brittany slurred, obviously drunk. "Yeah, I'm just... About to take a shower." I hesitantly replied. Running back over to the tub, I turned the shower head on. "Can you hurry up? I gotta pee." She asked in a rhetorical manner before sauntering off. I took a deep sigh of relief, then climbed into the shower to wash myself and my pee soaked clothes. Afterwards, I wrapped my wet clothes in a towel and snuck out of the bathroom to find Brittany asleep on the living room couch. I decided to let her be and tiptoed into my room where I collapsed onto my bed to have the best night's sleep I've had in weeks.

*005*2014-09-06 11:41

Thanks everybody! I'm glad you all enjoyed it! :D

{{ 

Great story. Next time don't make us wait so long:) You and Britany share a bathroom, but she doesn't have a door of her own? She has to walk through your room to get to the bathroom? That must be a pain to have her walk through your room every time she needs to use it.

}}

Thank youuu and yes, we do share the bathroom but it's not connected to my bedroom or anything. Having to walk through my room every time she had to pee would be super inconvenient lol.

{{ 

Wonderful story! What happened to your roommate who passed out on the couch needing to pee?

}}

Wish I knew! She never mentioned it so I just assume she eventually woke up and used the bathroom. I did check the couch cushions a few days later for any sign of a possible drunk accident... but of course there was nothing.

*010*2014-09-26 07:52

So, it's been a while since I've been on and I just wanted to thank you all for comments and such. I'm really excited everyone enjoyed it :)

*015*2014-10-05 08:45

{{ 

Woah. That was a great story. I loved the bit when you nearly lost it at your door. Very hot ;)

}}

Well thanks, I loved that part as well! haha

{{ 

Well that was rather intense... Good job, or something!

}}

I'm glad you thought so! Thanks, or something :p

*019*2015-02-25 09:29

Wow, thanks everyone! I honestly didn't know people were still commenting on my post. I'm super excited you are all enjoying it! :)

