The Locked Door

Author: justarandomguy

*000*2017-02-20 07:13

So... It's been a long time since I've wet myself. Too long really. But most of the time I've ever done it, it's usually very planned and very deliberate. Not this time.

A usual day at work sees me going to the bathroom at least twice: once around halfway through my shift and another time just after I clock out to leave for the night. Maybe it was because it was busy, maybe I just got distracted, I'm not sure. All I know is that I never got a chance to use the bathroom today, and it definitely made my bladder feel insanely full for a good portion of my shift. I drink a lot of water to keep hydrated and all of it inevitably made its way into my bladder over the day. So by the time I'm walking out the door after hours once I'm done with everything, I'm pee dancing. Like legit "will squirt into my boxers if I cough or forget to keep my muscles tensed" kind of pee dance. The drive home is maybe ten minutes, not even on a good day, and it's 9:45 at night with no traffic. I take that chance.

Every little bump and vibration is an absolute nightmare. My bladder probably feels the size of a grapefruit by now. I've done a measurement before and I know (when completely full) my bladder can hold at least 20-25 ounces. Obviously problematic should I ever have to pee in a bottle. I'm two minutes from my house when the panic sets in. My palms are sweaty, my thighs are pressed tightly together, and every time I have to move my foot onto the brake pedal is agony. Above all odds, I make it into the driveway and hobble up the driveway. It's a long dash to the end, to relief, but... That would have been too easy.

Three locks: an outer screen door, a deadbolt, and the actual knob. Three locks stand between me and ecstasy for a bladder beyond full. The urge to pee, as we all know, increases immensely when unlocking doors. The screen door is open when a hard spasm bends me over and a burst of pee saturates my boxers. I moan, both out of equal frustration and relief, as I keep fighting with my key ring. The deadbolt is next. Another hard spurt. I'm starting to feel the warmth spread down my leg at this point and pool up in my right shoe. The last lock is done, and so is my bladder.

I'm halfway down the hall, the toilet less than a few feet away, when I can hold on no longer. Another hard spurt breaks the seal and the audible hiss is all I hear as I make it into the bathroom. I rip down my zipper and try to get myself situated in front of the bowl, but the damage is already done. It's at least an 85/15 split of how much pee made it into my pants compared to the toilet. The floor is wet. My hands are wet. Even my socks don't escape the flood. I'm completely alone in the house and yet I still myself feel my face flush a deep shade of red as I peel off the drenched pants and hang them up to dry a bit before they'll inevitably go into the washing machine.

I don't have any pictures. I wish I did honestly, but that was probably the last thing on my mind at the moment. All I know is this: that was probably the most exciting thing that's happened to me in the last month or so and I'm honestly craving for it to happen again... Not that I don't like deliberate wettings, but the unexpected and uncontrolled ones are just so hot.

That's all I've got for now. Enjoy! And do share if you feel the same as I do :)

