Breakdown Desperation

Author: Desptowee

*000*2020-11-22 18:20

This story took place a couple of months ago when myself and a friend were on the back from spending a few days away. The drive home was going to take around 4 hours, mainly motorway driving so a few places to stop along the way if necessary, and we would have to because my friend has a black box in her car and if she doesn't fake regular breaks, her insurance company doesn't like it.

Anyway...

We had just had our stop, around the 2 hour mark of driving. I had a large coffee from Starbucks, as well as a 500ml bottle of water that came with my meal from KFC. I didn't think much of it because if necessary, we'd be able to stop again and I can usually hold that amount for a while, no problem.

Things started off okay, we were back on the M25, chatting, jamming out to some tunes. Then suddenly, my friend was like "I've lost power" and the car completely died. We thankfully managed to get over to the hard shoulder.

At this point, and it must of been the panic/worry, I started to feel the drinks from about an hour before, already hitting my bladder, and quite worryingly fast. I tried to reassure myself that things would be okay.

(Side note: I couldn't go at the side of the road, this was a part of the motorway that has those boards along the side of it rather than banks of greenery.)

It was really cold and that always makes me need to pee so much worse. I could feel my bladder filling fast and I was starting to worry. 45 minutes after we'd called the breakdown services and there was no sign of them. I stood with my legs crossed bounced up and down as we waited. All whilst trying to make sure my friend was okay because of what had happened (she knew I needed to go, I'm super open with that sort of stuff)

By the time the breakdown service arrived, I was desperate. I was either pacing or bobbing up and down on the spot. Then a thought crossed my mind which made my need to go so much worse - what if they pick us up here and take us somewhere with no toilet. I really had to go and there was no way I could hold on until we got home - still 70 miles away.

The recovery man came over to us and said the timing belt/cambelt had gone and it was going to be a garage job. He then said he'd tow us somewhere off the motorway. That gave me a bit of hope that I'd be able to have a wee somewhere. Even if it wasn't a toilet.

We had absolutely no idea where we were being towed to. My friend was busy concentrating on controlling the car especially as she'd never been towed before. And I was concentrating on holding myself so I didn't pee in the car.

We arrived at a garage (petrol station garage), but not a motorway service one. This was a garage in a village just off the M25. I panicked. A lot of garages like this don't have public toilets. I was so desperate and I needed to go pretty soon otherwise I was going to have an accident.

I stayed with my friend whilst the recovery guy was explaining what would happen from there. I wasn't really listening, just leaning against the car, with my legs crossed so tightly, trying to not make my need obvious.

Then it happened. I leaked. I managed to stop it pretty quickly, but I knew I didn't have much time left. I grabbed myself and I didn't care who saw, it was less embarrassing than peeing myself.

I couldn't stand still after that, I had to keep moving to keep the pee in. I wanted to stay with my friend even though she told me to go and see if they had a toilet. I said I could hold on, even though I really couldn't.

I leaked again. And again. I was really panicking now. I was right on the verge of losing control. All I could think about was focusing on holding it in. I didn't even hear my friend say thank you, and bye to the guy who had helped us.

She came over to me and told me that a truck was coming to pick us up and take us home.

I absolutely needed to find a toilet, or someone to release because I couldn't even wait another 5 minutes, let alone a 90 minute drive home in a bumpy recovery truck.

She said she was going in for a drink and I followed, praying that there would be a toilet in there. I leaked a few more times as we walked across the garage forecourt.

As we got inside, I spotted a toilet in the corner. My bladder knew it was about to get relief and I felt my muscles start to give way. My friend came in with me and I'm so glad she did because I had no time to shut the door, I was starting to wet myself.

I pulled my leggings and underwear down and threw myself onto the toilet. I peed so hard and for such a long time. I was so relieved to have made it. My pants were absolutely soaked so I took them off and binned them.

I cannot remember the last time I got that desperate in public and I was so worried I was going to have a full blown accident - I don't know how I avoided it if I'm honest.

*006*2020-11-23 10:07

{{12 hours ago, pwpj said:

Love this story and glad you were able to get relief. I guess your knickers were completely soaked - did anything show on your leggings?

}}

They were damp, but as they were black, you couldn't really tell. They dried relatively quickly though.

{{12 hours ago, bustin2pee said:

OMG that's a wonderful story and well told. It must've been a truly dreadful experience. I know that it happens to people stuck on the roadside waiting for recovery quite often, in fact I intend to do one of my illustrated desperation stories on this exact scenario at some point in the future, as I have collected a few tweets from females in the same situation. Thanks for sharing

}}

It was awful, I really thought I was going to have a full public accident. But looking back I think I enjoyed it too, I love being desperate.

