Hold it contest with a friend

Author: Diesel

*000*2011-01-30 23:15

So, my best friend (who happens to be a boy) is over at my house for a sleepover since his dad is going out if town and his moms house is too far away from school. He knows about my fetish, so it's all good. We decided (more like I forced him) to have a hold it contest. Last night's and this mornings antics put me in the mood. Were sipping Sierra mist natural (which is some nasty crud my mom bought) to make things interesting. I'll keep you guys posted. ^^ I hope my friend approves of this. Meh.

Ok, my friend needs a name. :/ David. I like that name. Deal with it.

Actual conversation:

David: God, Diesel, you owe me one fir this. -rocks back and forth on floor-

Mwah: Psh, no. Remember when I pretended to be you're wife for three weeks to make ___ (under breath: that evil bitch) leave you alone? -crosses and uncrosses legs-

David: That was kindergarden. -face palm-

*002*2011-01-30 23:50

{{: 

I don't mean to put you off, but think twice about doing this. You may greatly regret it very greatly eventually.

}}

Not to be rude, but why would I regret this? It's not like- oh...I think I get it.. -shudder-

I'm currently sitting with my legs crossed twice, attempting to name David laugh, which may be a bad idea cause I'll start laughing too. This Sierra mist abomination is nasty, but I'm drinking it anyways.

David got his arms tucked into his jacket, I know what he's trying to hide. I'm more open about my desperation, leg crossing, squirming, bouncing in my seat. David just downed the last if his awful soda, my can us almost empty. On a scale if 1 to 10, my bladder is maybe at a 6. A normal person would go now, David is a normal person in this area, so it's hard for him.

*003*2011-01-31 00:11

I see no one really cares about this, so I'll let David go after this update. =P I thought this might be fun, but I guess I was wrong. Like always. -sighs-

Im actually trembling due to my bladder. All that soda is rushing down there, making my bladder ache. David is trying his hardest not to show that he has to pee, though it's obvious to me, since I trained my eyes to seek out desperation. He'll be happy when I tell him he can go.

*005*2011-01-31 00:15

Well Davids still peeing. I can hear it, but I'll go on with my desperation if ya want. It kinda hurts.

*008*2011-01-31 00:22

The sound of running water coming from the bathroom is nakingvthis hard. Imma keep holding though, it's fun. I'm still shaking. I dint know if I'm cold or it's my increasing need to pee.

*009*2011-01-31 00:34

I have to go now. Like right NOW! I'm gonna make a run for it. I'll see you on the flip side. -dashes off to pee-

*011*2011-01-31 00:43

Returned with minimal damage on my jeans, meaning a small wet spot in the back that you would notice if you glanced at my butt (which I hope no one does -glares at David-) Im gonna throw my pants at him one if these days...looking back on this, this was awful. Badly written and what not. Ranaplan was right. I should listen to him. :/

