Lucy and the Young Marine

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-06-19 05:23

I may have told this story before, but it's been awhile since I've been online, so I'll tell it again... A few years ago I met a young marine vet on okstupid or fetlife or some other social network shit thing who was curious about pissplay, and wetting. So, on one of the last warm days of that year, I told him to slam a ton of water, and come meet me. I took him first to a beautiful county park that had a hiking trail, and proceeded to sit down on a log and piss my jeans for his amusement, and because I'd been drinking a ton of water as well, and his eyes did glow. He couldn't help but touch me where I was wet, and kiss me.

I thought the park was too populated for a first-timer, so I took him to a small, off the main drag park with a playground. He was starting to look uncomfortably full at that point, so I tried to get him to relax by pissing my jeans again, this time in his lap, a top the playground equipment, but even though I got him wet, he just couldn't let go. He had to go so bad I could actually see and feel how full his bladder was. I thought maybe a more private spot would be better, so I led him away to a grove of pine trees. I unzipped my jeans and let him put his cock inside. He managed to piss a few drops in my pants, still suffering that terrible mental block I never seemed to have had, haha. But, I understood. I suggested a lunch break, and drove us through a Taco Bell drive thru.

I made sure he ordered the biggest soda. We parked on a parkway to eat; he drank all of his huge soda, even though he was squirming the whole time. In hopes of getting him to relax, I made small talk while I smoked my after-lunch cigarette. Suddenly, he flung open the door and hopped out of the car. Of course, I did, too, and lo and behold, the cute Marine was standing in the street, pissing his jeans like I'd seen few guys piss themselves before. I never saw so much piss before; he was soaked, it took him quite a few minutes, and by the end he was standing in a huge puddle, and a river had run all the way down the gutter. He enjoyed it, though, so mission accomplished!

