GF Leaking while bathroom was full memories (part 2)

Author: yellowsailgg

*000*2022-07-24 08:29

Just a quick one for you guys while it’s still fresh in my mind

For context this is a continuation of a series of memories and experiences new and old involving my girlfriend 'Jane' for more info see "Memories from my girlfriend: 1"

This does contain mentions to pads and menstruation but no blood is actually in the story though.

This happened a few nights ago when I was getting ready for bed. I was in our bathroom when I heard Jane walk into the hall. I was about to start brushing my teeth, flossing, cleaning my mouth-guard and going pee one last time but I knew Jane was standing right outside of the bathroom door and I felt like she was about to knock. the floorboards were creaking slightly back and fourth the same creak over and over. This meant Jane was standing and teetering doing a ‘pee dance’. After a few seconds sure enough she knocked lightly and I answered and opened the door.

Me: hey whats up do you have to go. Come in. (sometimes if it’s a quick pee like before we go somewhere we’ll just pop in go pee wash hands and pop out)

Jane: Yeah but I don’t have to go too bad (lie) just finish up what you are doing ok?

I offered her once more between brushing my teeth and flossing

I knew that her period might have started because I saw a pad wrapper in the wastebasket after the last time she went to the bathroom before she went to bed about 12 hours prior. Since then I had seen her take a few swigs of water during her night and had been eating (and drinking tea) when I came home. I partially closed the bathroom door and continued to do what I needed to all the while glancing at Jane in the mirror on her phone teetering to one side teeter back freeze/ lift one leg very slightly+leg tremble. All in all it took maybe 3 minutes. By the end of it she was no longer on her phone but had her phone hand over her lap and maybe her fingers pressing between her legs (I couldn’t actually see but I thought I could vaguely hear the crinkle rustle of her fingers urgently playing with the thin papery front edge of the pad ) and her left hand across her torso beneath her breasts grabbing the right side of her body staring at her feet.

I came out kissed her goodnight as it was now my time to go to sleep. 20 minutes later I realized I ‘accidentally’ left my mouth-guard in the bathroom. Jane was in the shower and I don’t think she noticed I come in or it didn’t matter but she was humming to herself part of “I like you” from Post Malone. We have been listening the new album on and off since it came out so it was fresh in both of out minds.

Anyways I sat down on the toilet to pee and directly across from the toilet is the wastebasket. She never rolls her pads up in toilet paper or seems to notice the openness of her disposal (not that she need to be ashamed of menstruation or that it matters because guests only use the guest bathroom so its only if she notices it or if I say something which I never have or would). Anyways her pad was taken off and had unrolled it self partially exposing the front 1/3 of the pad. The pad was pretty well leaked on with a very blurry vague yellow spot ending toward the part of the pad not unrolled.

(in case you are curious from what I could see she hadn’t stared her period at all and it was a false alarm for her). On the floor were a pair of light blue panties with a really thin wasteband that had a dark blue outline of pee where it had gone over the front edge in the shape of where the pad was (an upside-down U shape a few inches to the front of the thinnest section between the legholes ). the next morning I found those panties hanging in the shower. This is something she does when she accidentally leaks blood or her pad shifts causing an accident. She puts hydrogen peroxide on them in the sink and rinses them off then hangs them up in the shower to drip dry. But I knew that there was no blood on the panties to begin with just urine.

Maybe it’s my omo mind but she seems wayy less careful and less urgent to get to a bathroom as quick when she is wearing a pad maybe because it takes longer to tell leak has occurred . also in the past she has admitted that when she sneezes she leaks a ‘spot’. When I asked her how much a spot was she blushed and deflected. It seems sometimes when she says a spot she means an actual nickle /quarter sized spot on her clothes. I suppose when your bladder is mostly full most of the time and you pee as infrequently as she does a lot will trigger a leak. I know this is common for women though.

Sometimes she will sneeze get the “I just leaked a little face” slightly embarrassed slightly cringing half smile but then this triggers her I need to get the a bathroom now run. Also she has even in the past probably to tease me? We were clearing some dusty brush when she sneezed a huge sneeze and I kid you not she looked dead at me with a smile and said “ ahh haha I just peed! – good thing I have a pad on.” obviously she didn't mean she emptied her bladder but a heavy gush is implied. I’m 90% sure said this just to tease me. We worked for another hour and a half before she said she

