Desperate dream - the desperate intruder

Author: Despguy123

*000*2018-02-05 21:52

I wasn't sure whether to post this here on in the fiction section. However, as it is a true account of a dream I had last night, and also involves some real-world desperation as well, I will post it here for now. Besides, the dream itself was not too far-fetched and could maybe happen in reality, if the circumstances were right!

Last night I was quite thirsty before I went to bed, so I ended up drinking about 2 pint glasses of water before finally falling asleep. This lead to a very interesting dream a few hours later...

I am sitting in the lobby of a corporate office building, dressed smartly in a suit and tie. There is a large group of young graduate trainees sitting next to me, and from what I can make out of their excited chatter, it is their first day on the job. I get the sense that I am not really supposed to be there. I don't work at this company, but I need to get into the building. I can't remember why, perhaps I need to gather some information (corporate espionage), or perhaps I am testing their security procedures, or maybe its just for fun. The problem is, I am absolutely dying to go for a pee. There are no toilets in the lobby, so it will have to wait until I can get inside. My bladder feels so full and hard, bulging against my slim-fit grey suit trousers. I sit there jiggling my knees, gritting my teeth and squirming around on the chair.

One of the graduate trainees notices me, and she must have mistaken my desperation fidgeting for nervousness, because she asks me if it was also my first day. I decide to play along, and soon enough I join their conversation, trying to fit in. Hopefully this approach will get me into the building (and to a toilet I desperately need!). After a few minutes, an attractive blonde woman in her early thirties walks up to us and introduces herself as Hannah. She is the head of the graduate programme at the company, and will be guiding us through our induction day. 

As she introduces herself and talks a bit about the company, I absolutely can't sit still. I really, really, really need to pee, and I'm starting to get impatient. As she speaks, she keeps looking over at me and glancing down at my jiggling knees. I start to blush, and I get the feeling that Hannah knows how badly I need to go. We then head over to the entrance of the offices and she uses her security pass to open the security gate for us. Well, that was easier than I thought. I'm in!

Fast forward to a bit later in the morning. We're standing around in a kitchen area, talking and drinking tea and coffee. I am stood with a few other people, chatting to Hannah about the company. I'm keeping quiet, trying not to give myself away, but also because I'm still bursting for the toilet. I keep having to cross my legs and bob on the spot, or step from foot to foot. I glance around but can't see a sign for the toilets anywhere. I do my best to stand still and try and blend in, but I'm aware that I must look red-faced and flustered, and I'm worried that I'm going to get caught. Hannah keeps glancing at me and smiling, and I'm sure now that she knows that I need to pee really badly. I wonder how long it will be before I can try and sneak off to find the toilets.

A bit later, and by now we've finished our drinks and about to go into a meeting room. I start to follow the other trainees into the room, but I decide to try and find somewhere to pee first. I step from foot to foot and glance around again, still not seeing any signs indicating where the toilets are. There doesn't seem to be anything in this area of the building apart from the kitchen area and a few meeting rooms. Hannah is standing by the meeting room door, and she catches my eye. She smiles at me and asks if I'm OK, and I want to ask her where the toilets are, but I'm too shy and can't bring myself to say it. She starts chatting to me, asking how I'm finding my first day, whether it was what I expected etc.

I decide that I'm going to have to play along if I don't want to be caught, but its hard to concentrate because of how badly I need to empty my bladder. I can feel it pressing against the waistband of my trousers, and I long to reach down and undo my trouser button and loosen the zip, but I can't. I'm absolutely desperate to piss, and its all I can do not to dance around and hold myself in front of Hannah. I step from foot to foot and bend forwards slightly, trying my best to be discreet. She definitely knows how badly I need to go, she keeps glancing down and watching me fidgeting. She's staying professional, but I get the sense that she is enjoying my predicament. I also get the feeling that she knows I don't work for the company and that I'm not supposed to be there, but maybe that's just my imagination.

Fast forward to about an hour later. I'm now standing in another corridor in the same part of the building, hopping from foot to foot, still dying to piss. The other graduates are nowhere to be seen. Perhaps they are in a meeting room and I've excused myself, or maybe they have gone to meet their new teams. I've searched the part of the building with the kitchen area and the meeting rooms, and there are no toilets here at all. I think they are through a door at the far end of the corridor, which seems to be where the main offices are. 

The problem is, it's locked and you need a key-card to get in. I also can't actually get back out to the lobby where I came in, because you need a key-card to open the security gate. I decide that the only way I'm going to get out (and to a toilet) is to admit to somebody that I'm not supposed to be there and hope they let me out. As I walk down the corridor in search of somebody, I notice Hannah and another lady in a small office. Hannah is sitting behind her desk, and the other woman is standing up carrying a large file. She tells Hannah that she will be back later and walks out of the office, smiling at me as she leaves and walking towards the direction of the lobby.

I walk into the office and speak to Hannah, stepping from foot to foot and bending over slightly as I admit to her that I'm not supposed to be there. She smiles and tells me that she suspected me all along, and thanked me for coming clean. She tells me that the other lady in the office with her is the building manager, and that I will need to wait for her to return so she can make a note of my details. She tells me that although I'm not in trouble, she doesn't want me to try and escape, so she asks me to take my shoes off and hand them over to her. 

I do as I'm told, not wanting to cause trouble, and she places them on the floor behind her desk. She then opens up a large drawer at the bottom of her desk and takes out a set of handcuffs, the kind with a rigid black grip between the two cuffs (similar to the 'Hiatt speedcuffs' used by UK police forces.) She asks me politely to turn around with my hands behind my back. I do as she asks, wondering how long I'll have to wait before finally being allowed to release the ocean of pee inside my bladder.

I try to stand still as she cuffs my hands behind my back, one above the other in a rear stack position. I gasp slightly, as I have to stand up straight for her to cuff me properly, which seems to put more pressure on my bladder. She asks me if they're too tight, and I tell that they're actually too loose, and to tighten them more. She laughs and says 'if you say so', and I cross my legs as she tightens the cuffs over my wrists. I bite my lip as I feel the metal against my skin, realising what a desperate predicament I've found myself in. 

'Should I have gone for a wee before coming to talk to you?' I ask, my cheeks red with embarrassment, bobbing on the spot. She pauses, moving to the side of me, still holding the grip of my cuffs with one hand. 'Yes, you probably should have done' she says, smirking as I sigh and grit my teeth. I don't ask for permission to go. Perhaps because I know she'll say no, or that I'm quite enjoying my current situation. There's an obvious bulge in the front of my trousers, and I'm sure Hannah has noticed, but she doesn't mention it.

Fast forward to later on, and by now the other lady (I find out her name is Louise) is finally back at her desk. I don't know how long I've been waiting. Half an hour, an hour, two hours? By now I'm constantly dancing from foot to foot and kicking my legs up behind me, standing in front of Louise's desk while she speaks to somebody on the phone. She doesn't seem to know quite what to do, and I'm desperately wanting her to hurry up and take my details so I can leave and finally have the pee I've been desperately holding in for so long. Hannah is standing next to me, holding the grip of my cuffs behind my back, but she doesn't seem to mind me dancing around in front of her. I accidentally knock into her slightly as I shift from foot to foot, and I apologise. She laughs and tells me not to worry, and that she knows I must be absolutely bursting to go, so she doesn't mind me dancing around to try and wait.

A little bit later, and Louise has left to get a form that she needs to fill in with my details. It's just me and Hannah again, still holding the cuffs firmly behind my back, and by now I'm so close to soaking my work trousers right there in her office. I'm squirming, bobbing, bending, leg crossing, biting my lips, trying desperately to hang on for just a few more minutes. She leans in towards me, so close that I can feel her breath on my face, and starts to whisper something in my ear...

Then suddenly, I wake up, and I realise that I'm absolutely bursting for a pee in reality, not only in the dream. My bladder feels like its about to explode! I reach down and hold myself for a few seconds, before hopping out of bed and walking very quickly (almost jogging) to the bathroom, still holding myself tightly. I make it to the toilet, just in time, and let go a very long and relieving pee, gasping with relief.

Hope you enjoyed! And sorry again if this is in the wrong section, feel free to move it.

*002*2018-02-24 23:44

{{41 minutes ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Love this so much. Joined this site just to comment on your stories as I love them so much x

}}

Thanks that;s very kind of you, I'm glad you enjoy them.

