Bus accident

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-12-22 11:10

When I was in the 6th grade we had a a field trip to Disneyland, we was a fun day and I kept drinking their lemonade, it was so good. Our class spent the whole day at Disneyland, we went on the bumper cars and Indiana Jones ride, plus other rides like space mountain. At that age I stopped wetting the bed every night so I got cocky that my bladder was invensible because i stopped wetting myself every night. When it was time to go the limondade made it to my bladder so I had to pee really bad. the teacher said go to the bathroom before the bus takes off because its not going to stop. all the students went to the bathroom, I decided to not go because I thought I can wait for as long as I wanted to because i thought my bladder was invincible because i stopped wetting the bed.

When we got on the school bus I was still cocky I felt like I can hold my pee forever. It was 6pm when the school bus got on the 5 north, it was so congested with traffic that it would take 2 hours to go 3 miles. Our school buss moved a half a mile in a hour, I realized I made a bad bad mistake by not going to the bathroom before we lift. I had to pee so bad that I was crying and I was squeezing myself with my hand. All of A sudden I couldn't hold my pee and My bladder gave up and the pee wanted to come out, but I was holding my penis so hard the pee didnt come out. I was crying with tears going down my face, because holding my pee with my hand hurt so bad.

I was in the buss seat crying loudly, I couldnt take the pain from holding myself with my hand so I release the grip and started wetting my pants on the school bus, I started crying like a baby while i was wetting myself. My small bladder made me wet myself on the buss and i couldnt help it. I peed on myself on the bus seat, I tried to stop my pee but it kept coming out. When my bladder was emty their was a puddle below me. I tried to be strong and stop crying, I did for a few minutes, but I was so embarrassed, that i started crying again/ has this happen to you?

