Travel wetting

Author: Can'tFoolOwls

*000*2019-05-25 13:44

At the start of the year I moved to a city about 3 hours away from home for work. This has led to me making a fair number of long drives back and forth, and me being me of course I made the most of these opportunities for some wetting fun. I plan to tell all of the stories here if you guys are interested, but to start with here's the first one - the interview.

On the day of the interview I wore a white dress shirt with a white T-shirt underneath, a thin black tie and a black woolen jacket. Down below I was wearing some fairly thick navy blue boxer briefs under a pair of quite tight-fitting black dress pants made from a lightweight synthetic material, and black leather shoes. Bored on the drive down that morning I got to thinking about the upcoming wet fun, imagining what those clothes would feel like as I let my pee soak into them.

The interview went without a hitch, and afterwards I headed to a nearby shop to grab some snacks and a big bottle of water to fill myself up with, before starting the drive home. I decided to take the scenic route back, a detour through some country roads with lower speed limits which dragged my journey out to about five hours. No matter, I enjoy a good drive through the country and it's certainly more fun than mile after mile of identical straight motorway. It was about 4:30pm when I left and the day was still bright, but this was late October so within a couple of hours the sun was setting.

The route wound its way through some hills, and the red sunset was beautiful looking out across the surrounding plains and feeling my bladder slowly fill. By the time I was half-way through my journey, it had been pitch black for a while and I had a strong urge to pee. For the past 45 minutes or so I'd been looking for a place to stop, get some food and have a bit of discrete fun, but not knowing the area I was struggling a bit. I could feel the dull throbbing pain in my dick, which was hard against the tight fabric of my pants.

Finally I spotted a Burger King off to the side of a junction and pulled over. The urge got significantly worse as I stood up to get out of the car - it's amazing how much easier it is to hold when you're sitting down. I made by way inside, straight past the toilets and up to the counter. Maintaining my composure while first placing and then waiting for my order was hard, but I'm pretty good at holding so I don't think anyone noticed. As I waited, I wandered around the nearly empty restaurant to keep my mind off things. Finally my order was ready, so I headed back out into what was previously the deserted car park and was disappointed to find several more cars had parked up next to mine. Although this was meant to be a public-ish wetting, I still wanted some privacy - for me, the real fun is peeing discretely in a place where other people are around, not in actually being seen.

So I got in and drove to the far side of the car park, where the nearest cars were a couple of rows away, separated by some trees and small shrubbery. I sat in the drivers seat and made quick work of the junk food and large coke I'd ordered, enjoying the growing ache in my bladder as the extra liquid piled on. Shortly before I finished, a road maintenance van pulled up next to me, with two guys in flourescent orange workwear inside. The driver got out and went to get their food, while the passenger stayed inside the van. This was an unexpected problem - the cold drink had hit me all at once and I hadn't planned to wait much longer. 

When the driver came back I hoped they might head off and eat on the road, but no such look. As I waited for them to finish eating, I browsed the internet on my phone with one hand while holding myself through my pants with the other. After a while they finished their food but continued to sit there talking. By this point I was rocking back and forth and squirming while trying not to be too noticeable. I briefly considered letting go and soaking my seat, but that was a clean-up operation I didn't want to deal with.

Finally I heard the van's engine start and was relieved to see them drive off. I made my move quickly because I no longer had time to waste. I got out, forgetting how much harder it was to hold while standing and for a moment almost lost control. I clamped down and regained composure - I didn't want to do it here, it was still too exposed. So I headed round the back of the car where my legs were hidden from view and pretended to fiddle with something in the back. Relief came quickly as I barely had a choice at this stage. I relaxed and felt the warmth spread round my crotch and down my legs. I was a bit worried that the pee dripping on the concrete would make a noise and draw attention to me, but luckily the tight polyester kept things well contained. There was no dripping from my crotch, instead they funelled it all down my legs and into my shoes, forming two puddles around my feet that gradually merged into one.

It was obvious I'd needed to go badly, as I stood there for what must have been over a minute pissing hard in my boxer briefs. Eventually the flow slowed to a trickle and finally stopped, and I waited for the last of it run down my legs. The warmth was wonderful on a cold night, and I could see steam slowly rising from my crotch. I looked down and surveyed the damage. The wetness was visible down the inside of both of my legs if you were looking for it, but on the black fabric it wasn't particularly noticeable. My shirt was a bit wet at the front were it tucked into my pants, but you couldn't really tell. Satisfied that nobody would see what I'd done, I made my way back to the front of the car and got in, listening to my socks squelching in my shoes. I wonder if anybody ever noticed the suspicious puddle and wet footprints I left behind?

The drive back was relaxing. I turned the heat all the way up and directed the air to the foot vents to warm my pants up again. Soon they were warm enough that they didn't really feel wet. I opened the windows so I could keep the heat on max and dry them out a bit. By the time I got home my pants were basically dry and my underwear nothing more than comfortably damp. I slept in those boxer briefs that night and by the time I woke up they were fully dry and had that lovely used smell to them. Perfect to re-wet in the shower.

*003*2019-05-27 01:19

{{On 5/25/2019 at 10:21 PM, Simonwet said:

I always have a couple of plastic carrier bags in the car, so I can protect the seat with them if I"m in danger of wetting my pants

}}

There's some of that to come in the next story if anyone's interested to hear it...

