Accident While Finding a Vacant Bathroom on Campus

Author: ItsKayla

*000*2019-08-11 06:59

Hi guys! I’m back with another desperation and wetting story. This one happened quite recently about a week or so ago, so let’s jump into it!

First of all I would like to apologize for my lack of content over the past few months, I’m a university student now and this period is really hectic with lots of things to do, my schedule is filled everyday and I have no time for omorashi. However the things I need to do are getting lesser day by day so hopefully I can find myself more time to indulge in omo and share my experiences with you guys.

This happened a week ago. My schedule was really packed that day with lectures in the morning and afternoon. I woke up in the morning with a relatively full bladder; my roommate was done using the bathroom and I went in to relieve myself of a whole night’s worth of pee. After that I got dressed with black panties and black leggings, as well as a skirt on top of that all. I put on a bra and a matching shirt and proceeded to pack the stuff I need to get through the day. I packed my large bottle as well so I could get through the day while staying hydrated.

Short description paragraph for those of you that may have forgotten my image: I’m 19 years of age, standing in at a petite height of 5’2 and weighing about 100 pounds (I really need to eat more). My bladder size is smaller than average so I fill up faster than most people. Blessing in disguise I guess?

Back to the story. I had lessons all the way until 12pm, followed by a short lunch break of 30 minutes and another 2 and a half hour lecture. For unknown reasons I was really thirsty that morning and finished my whole bottle of water even before lunch break, which is about 50 oz. I got through the morning without much needing to pee despite that. By the time it was lunch break my need was only at a 3/10, nothing significant enough to worry about. The queue to get food was longer than usual, meaning I had no spare time to rest, let alone visit the bathroom and pee. I finished my food and drink in 10 minutes, then I refilled my 50 oz bottle in the cafe for the afternoon. It was already 5 minutes before the start of the lecture and I certainly did not want to be late. My friend bought me starbucks which I happily accepted, and went in the lecture hall. My need at that point was only a 3.5 or 4 out of 10 so peeing was not on my mind.

In hindsight I had a lot of liquids in my system already. There was 50 oz from my bottle, around 10 more from the drinks I had during lunch, and 16 more in the starbucks. Although I did not feel it yet, they were certainly going to make themselves known by me. My small bladder is about to get punished harshly

About an hour into the lecture I was starting to get bored, when my needs got more prominent. The need to pee at that point was at a 5 and I was starting to notice the effects of so much liquids that I consumed prior to that. I thought it was no big deal at that point as I could definitely hold it through the whole 2 hours, I have been in a similar situation of feeling the need to pee just after the lesson started. I put no thought to it and continued listening to the professor.

An hour and a half into it and I was really starting to feel the effect of my bladder. My need has increased to a solid 6 and I was seriously doubting if I could make it out of the lecture comfortably. At this point I was being very optimistic to make it to the bathroom after the lecture with dry panties. I was certainly not planning on doing a hold that day but I got careless and ended up like this. I think my bladder was out of shape from a few months of not holding, so with the lack of practice naturally it can’t hold that much. I was starting to get fidgety in my seat from the need so I crossed my right leg over my left and pressed my thighs together in an attempt to subdue the urge.

With half an hour to go my need has increased substantially to a 7.5, occasionally spiking to an 8. I was getting very fidgety and squirmy in my seat as I try to hold back the fluids in me from leaking out. My movements that point to hold it in was more frequent, squirming back and forth in my seat, crossing and uncrossing legs, bouncing knees and trying to grab my pee hole from my butt so it’s not that obvious. My friend sitting next to me who knows about my fetish noticed and asked me “Hey Kayla what’s wrong? You look like you are shaking all over”

“Oh nothing’s wrong I’m just.. I’m just a little cold” I stuttered a reply while trying not to give away my need of the bathroom.

“Do you need to pee?” She asked, having seen my tell-tale signs of desperation too often. I told her maybe just a little quietly and she gave me a naughty look, asking me to hold on.

The lecture was finally over, but my need has further increased to a 9/10. After hearing that we are dismissed I was overjoyed that I can make a mad dash to the bathroom in my room; relief was near and I can avoid an embarrassing accident. I stood up after packing my stuff into my bag, which caused my bladder to contract. That movement released some pee into my panties, which I instinctively crossed my legs tightly and jammed a hand into my crotch to hold it in for a little longer, simultaneously dropping back into the seat to remain discreet. My friend gave me a weird look as she wished me good luck holding it back to my room.

I began the walk back to my room where the bathroom was(my room had a bathroom which I shared with my roommate), peeing was my top priority now as I wanted to avoid an embarrassing accident. Fortunately for me my room was quite close to the lecture hall. I walked towards it with a full bladder while pausing occasionally to cross my legs and squeeze my thighs together, to avoid losing control. I made it to the room without leaks except that first one which made my panties damp, and was surprised to see the door unlocked. My roommate was in the room for some reason unknown to me at that point, my need has increased to a straight 10 as relief was so near. I threw my stuff on the floor and dashed to the bathroom, only to find the door locked. 

I was horrified as I found myself locked out of relief. With legs crossed, a hand in crotch and bent over from desperation, I called out “Hey Daniella are you in there” while frantically trying to push the door open. My roommate told me she’s having a stomachache. “Please Daniella could you hurry up I’m literally about to piss myself here” I replied while pee dancing on the spot. My bladder opened up again as another leak came, this time bigger than the previous. I stuffed both hands into my crotch, grabbing my pee hole to stop the flow, but the wet spot was bigger. Lifting up my skirt to examine it I found the wet spot to be as big as a tennis ball on my leggings between my legs. After that my roommate told me to look for another bathroom if I was that desperate as she was going to need a while.

With no choice I went on to look for another bathroom to pee. My bladder was absolutely screaming for me to empty her now, and leaked again. I felt my fingers in my crotch dampen as I squeezed my muscles back harder. I really could not hold it anymore and had to pee as soon as possible. I had to walk in such a way that there was constant pressure on my pee hole, so my need could be reduced ever so slightly. The downside is that I had to walk slower, and it looked like a waddle which would be embarrassing when people saw me. Finally I got to the next bathroom on campus, but was horrified to see a long line of about 10 girls! I was certain I could not hold that long so I had to look for another bathroom on level 2.

As I was climbing the stairs I leaked again, and again, and again despite that hand on my pee hole. I leaked so much that the wet spot extended way past my butt and was starting to show up on the front, lucky for me I had the skirt to cover up a portion of it. I finally got to the bathroom but there were still 3 girls in line! Having no choice I joined the queue while pee dancing on the spot, with tightly crossed legs and bouncing around. The next leak told me I could not hold it anymore. All of my pride thrown aside, I walked up to the girl next in line, with a hand in my crotch I said “Please sorry I’m about to piss myself I can’t hold it anymore may I please please go in front of you” while turning bright red.

She stared at me awkwardly but eventually agreed. My need increased tenfold, with relief being so near, but finally it happened. I heard a flushing sound and that was my bladder’s cue for relief. No matter what I did, the pee contained inside came gushing out. It was not a leak, not a dribble, but a total loss of control. I was peeing myself, standing next in line, the piss inside me came out full force with a hissing sound. It streamed down my leggings front and back, soaking my shoes and pooling around my legs. The girl in the bathroom came out, along with the 3 girls behind me in the queue, and watched me while I wet myself. I was humiliated but the relief felt amazing.

After that I apologized profusely and went back to my room to have a shower and a change of pants and got along with my day. My roommate Daniella stared at my glistening wet pants and was quite compassionate about it, she helped me wash up. My friend saw a change of pants and assumed something too

So that was my story! In the future I will have more time so hopefully I can spend more time doing holds. Stay tuned!

Kayla

*005*2019-08-13 13:58

Glad that all of you enjoyed it! Thanks for the comments!

*007*2019-08-13 14:16

{{4 minutes ago, Super awesome said:

You haven't been bullied for this, have you?

}}

Nope! Actually my friend knows about my fetish and my roommate was really caring towards these accidents, so I wasn't bullied at all. I think some people stared at me the next day and stuff, but nothing major.

*012*2019-08-15 08:13

{{19 hours ago, Male said:

So hot. Your outfit sounds cute as well.

}}

Thank you!

{{6 hours ago, wettingman said:

I love stories of prolonged holds and desperation that leads to a wetting. Thank you for posting it , with such rich detail.

}}

No problem!

*016*2019-09-07 14:25

{{On 8/21/2019 at 2:41 AM, famen said:

Amazing story, was this all 100% a true experience?

}}

Yep, it most certainly is!

