Wetting in Public

Author: Drewster88

*000*2020-10-05 02:04

Yesterday I helped my friend and his family finish up some work at a farm yard an hour or so away from where I live. I took and drank a ton of water because it was physical work.

I had peed in the bush about 8 times by the afternoon, and had to go again when I left. And I had to make it back home in time for indoor hockey, so I didn’t have extra time to stop at a gas station or something. Plus I decided I wanted to have some fun.

So I drove down the road to home about 20 minutes, then pulled off down a gravel road a little ways until I was surrounded by trees. Then I got out, took off the extra work clothes layers, squatted and peed my pants behind my car. I was caught... by some cows lol.

Then I got back in (after putting my work clothes on the seat) and drove home and straight to field hockey.

I changed into my black running shorts and t shirt in the rec centre parking lot, but left my peed boxers on. They were gonna get sweaty again anyway.

I played the game in wet boxers and shorts with no one the wiser, and by the time the game ended I had drank another litre of water and needed to pee again.

I was debating doing it in the parking lot through my shorts but there was video surveillance and kids playing basketball in the park close by. My bladder ended up deciding for me because when I bent down to grab something I dropped I couldn’t take the pressure and pissed my boxers and shorts again, squatting next to my car in open view. Luckily no teammates were still around, and the parking lot was otherwise empty. Hopefully the rec centre didn’t get it on video lol.

Then I packed up and drove home and threw everything straight into the laundry.

