Peeing in bottles

Author: RavenEevee

*000*2016-01-02 05:43

I recently found myself becoming very interested in peeing in bottles, i drank over 6 bottles a day im sure and the empty bottles just end up laying around, especially in my friends room on the side of the bed near the wall. I drink water before i go to bed just out of habit (not to bed wet) but sometimes while laying down i end up having to go to the bathroom (and i sleep naked so then i have to put clothes on to go in the hall to get to the bathroom). my friend tell my i can pee in the bed, its plastic and it'll hold the pee, but i rather not have him do laundry and i dont care for it after its cold and starts ti smell. anyway, yesterday when having drank my 3 bottles before bed i had to pee.. he's pulling me down telling me "no you cant go you will go in the bed" i didnt feel like wetting the bed, and it's not as fun when your awake anyway.

I grabbed a empty bottle that i had just drank out of and help it down to my... you know, and started to pee, i had to spread my lips out the way but i got most of it in there, with only alittle on the floor, i was highly aroused after and wanted to pee more and do so more daringly... but i was all out and it would take a while to fill back up, i tried masturbating but i fell asleep before i finished XD. I the peeing in a bottle thing today but with messier results, i wet the box springs and floor more then i peed in the bottle.

*007*2016-01-03 00:22

{{ 

Wasn't it really difficult to get in?? I've seen a girl trying to go in a bottle before and it just went everywhere! It's borderline impossible!!

}}

I know where my urthra is, i spread and hold it right on the hole, i dont normally miss unless im super sleepy or not holding the bottle right

*012*2016-01-05 19:42

{{ 

Hope the hamster didn't mind you putting two pee bottles on top of the cage o_o

}}

It's a empty cage. unfortunately my friends gerbil died last year.

