High Holding + Orgasm While Pissing

Author: Kei

*000*2020-07-27 18:19

[Note #1: I'm AFAB nonbinary. Refer to me with male [he/his/him] or neutral [they/theirs/them] pronouns. Any posts with incorrect pronouns will be ignored.

Note #2: Cannabis is legal where I live.]

I had my absolute favorite piss-related experience on Friday.

I use weed extracts pretty frequently – it's legal here, so I buy it from the government once every month or so. I use THC and CBD oils mixed to my desired strength. I usually go for a pretty intense/long-lasting high. I'm talking a good 10-12 hours before I feel like I'm coming down towards my baseline.

The points leading up to my best pissing experience:

+The long high. Couch lock is fuckin' real and I end up not moving [and not peeing...] for 10-12+ hours.

+Thirst! I get thirsty as fuck for the entire high, which compounds the first problem. Plus water tastes delicious to me in that state, so I drink and drink and drink...

+I can't feel that I need to piss. No matter how full my bladder is, I can't feel that I have to go. If I let myself pee, a lot will come out, but there's no physical indicators that I'm full.

+Weed makes me horny as fuck. Some highs, I can focus on nothing other than how horny I am. I get off multiple times in a row, until I'm worn out, frankly.

+I can go hands-free. Since I can remember, I've been able to orgasm hands-free. They're weak, nothing Earth-shattering, but the skill has always been there,

All of the above combined on Friday.

I was laying in bed playing games about 12-13 hours after ingesting THC and CBD oil. It's Summer and I don't tolerate heat well, so I was naked to help stay cool. During the entire high this time, I was incredibly horny, I scratched that itch multiple times.

My high was wearing off and I could start to suddenly feel some pressure in my bladder. That day, I hadn't gone to the bathroom since 12-13 hours before, and it was almost painful how much my bladder was stretching. Plus the sensation was hitting me instantly instead of slowly growing over time.

I knew I couldn't hold for more than a minute or two, it was intense and I felt like I was going to burst. For the first time in years, I had to break down and physically hold myself. With my hands pressing down on my pussy, I ran to the bathroom, slammed the door shut, and sat on the toilet.

As soon as my body hit the seat, a torrent poured out of me. I could feel the strength of the stream coming out of me and knew just how close I had come to my limit. The torrent of piss continued for what felt like several minutes. I was almost starting to feel week as it kept going and going, draining me. I pushed and forced even more out again and again. And then I came. The stream of piss forcing its way from my body was so strong, was grazing across just the right areas, I came multiple times just from the extent of relief I was experiencing.

By the time I was completely empty, I felt... honestly a bit frustrated that my prolonged orgasm had been cut off. But the relief left me exhausted and contented over all.

*003*2020-07-29 09:13

{{1 hour ago, ChloeLeSaurus said:

That sounds.. Really nice. I've never held while on edibles / strong extracts so I'll have to try that some time.

Just curious why you mix thc and cbd extracts? I've heard cbd actually makes thc less intense, and that it's good to use when you're too high. Did I hear wrong?

}}

That's funny, I find that I get no effects if I take only THC and no CBD.

*007*2020-08-05 18:49

{{4 minutes ago, Cantholdit92 said:

I use cannabis very often. I have always wondered how indica / sativa affects holding, which one is better for making it harder to hold? From my experience indica being body high relaxes the bladder and makes it easier to hold, sativa being head high can either take my mind off it completely or I get totally stuck on the feeling of peeing and it becomes overwhelming, guess it depends how desperate I am. I'd like to know how it affects you or anyone else that wants to reply. Which type is better for losing control easier??

}}

I'm afraid I can't really answer that. The oils the government sells/that I buy are all hybrid blends.

