Drunk and desperate

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-02-08 20:10

Hey so I've had a couple people private message me about the party story I spoke about on a previous posts comments so here yall are!

I was at a friends party and had already had a lot to drink. Now I constantly find myself subconsciously holding it in when I'm around people for some reason especially if I'm having a lot of fun I will just not realize I need to pee. This was one of those times whoops haha. I was quite drunk and since my friends only had cider I ended up drinking like 10 cans of cider the entire night. I must've been about my 7th can when we where all dancing in the living room and I noticed I had to pee quite badly. I ended up holding for a couple more songs as I was having a lot of fun and wanted to finish my can of cider off before I went to the toilet.

I downed the last bit after a couple of attempts at chugging it and failing but as I downed the last bit I actually had to quickly grab myself as my bladder spasmed. I put the empty can down in the kitchen and wobbled over to the bathroom (I was very drunk) There was another girl waiting by the door so we started chatting to each other. There where other toilets in the house but the upstairs was off limits for the party so we weren't allowed up there. I spoke to this girl for like 2 minutes and at this point I had abandoned any attempts to be discreet about how badly I needed to pee. It was getting so bad that I seriously thought about walking outside and pissing in a hedge until I remembered people where out there as well. The other girl was a little desperate I think but not too bad and when the boy finally came out of the toilet she went in first.

I remember thinking about asking her if I could go first but drunk me thought it would be a better idea to chat with her about fuck knows at this point XD I'm a bit dumb when I'm drunk. The feeling of needing to pee was sooo much worse when I was by myself and I ended up thinking I was full-on going to piss myself in the hallway. I knocked on the door a couple times and said the typical "can you hurry up please I am really desperate" type of thing and I heard a flush. At this point I'm pretty sure my panties where damp already from small leaks and dribbles but when I heard the flushing sound my body just decided that It was going to forcefully eject the pee inside me. I had to stop myself from instinctively pulling down my jeans (as I was still in view of a ton of people) the door opened as I started to full force pee in my jeans. I stumbled in and started to undo my belt still peeing full force.

My mind was in that zone when you get all shaky and everything is just about ripping your pants off. I was shaking so much and was also super drunk so in my panicked state I stopped trying the belt and tried to just pull my jeans off me. This didn't work no matter how hard I tried. I ended up stopping the flow (even though it was pointless as a massive dark patch was on my ass and halfway down both my legs) I knew I didn't have long before I lost control again and the remaining pee would come out. I gave myself a couple seconds to regain composure and hold myself and tried the belt again. As soon as the belt became undone I felt another urge come along and ripped my jeans down as pee came powerfully streaming out (through my panties but I didn't care because they where already soaked) I sat down and let the rest go through my underwear and into the toilet.

I ended up texting my friend who got me spare jeans and underwear from her room and brought them to the toilet in a backpack so that people didn't see. It was quite embarrassing at the time but when I think about it now it turns me on. I think I am pretty lucky that I have such a weak bladder (I'm pretty sure its what caused the kink for me because I used to wet myself as a kid all the time). Let me know if you guys have ever done anything similar!

*003*2021-02-08 20:32

{{5 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

I’m sure after feeling the affects of all those ciders you were probably feeling too good to realize how bad you had to go until it was too late. It was still probably quite the turn to just give up and pee through your underwear on the toilet though. The mental image of you rushing in to the bathroom, peeing full force in your pants and then forgetting about your belt is super cute. This whole story was great! Thanks for sharing!!

}}

Ye it felt great. I do it all the time as well haha underwear is easy to clean so sometimes i just like the feeling! It was a awesome feeling though peeing full force as you dash into a bathroom haha

{{5 minutes ago, pwpj said:

As with your other stories this is a wonderful one and thanks so much for sharing it with us all

}}

Thank you! glad you enjoyed haha but I dont have too many more stories that are that intersesting sadly enough

*008*2021-02-09 19:47

{{3 hours ago, Cantholdit92 said:

Awesome story! I used to wet myself a lot as a kid too. And that got me into Omo as well and I guess its why I can't hold it so long. I surely would have peed my pants in that situation too

}}

Haha I'm just suprised I didn't pee sooner! would've been a tad more embarrassing XD

