Latch Key Wetting at Coffee Shop

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-04-30 18:16

After my adventure at the mall, I was very turned on.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/43451-latch-key-wetting-at-the-mall/?do=embed"

I may have masturbated to thoughts of my recent wet misadventure a couple of times. After a short while, I was keen to try it again. I was also really taken with how well the wet spot showed up on my gray panties.

So today, I decided I’m trigger another similar key-in-latch accident while out on the town. Rather than running errands, I instead had the afternoon off and opted to go and read a good thick philosophy book in a local coffee shop, while enjoying an expensive tea.

So, I slipped into my gray Disney Frozen panties, buttoned up a different skirt (this one a dark plaid Blackwatch tartan skirt). On top, because it was a little chilly, I had on a cute, tight t-shirt, sadly hidden by a black hoodie.

I stuffed the large philosophy book I was planning on reading into my purse, chugged an entire pint of water, and travelling light, left my flat. I wandered about Burnaby for a while, enjoying the sun and nice weather. Eventually I made it to my favorite coffee shop, one which has big comfy couches and chairs. I ordered a fancy tea and staked out a claim on one the nicer chairs by the window.

My bladder was at a comfortable 4 as I dug into my book. I at first sat with my knees together, in proper lady-like poise, but after a while I got more comfortable. I was soon sitting with my legs up on the chair off to the side, while I leaned on one of the over-stuffed arms.

I was finished three chapters and my tea (one of those huge mugs, which is ridiculously large and if it were full of coffee would probably give you a heart attack). My bladder was at a full-feeling 6 at this point. I decided to get a re-fill and hopped off my couch to get the barista to add hot water. Those fancy tea bags can definitely infuse more than one mug and this place is always good that way. I was back in my spot reading and sipping tea soon enough.

This time, because I was feeling naughty, I sat with my knees up in front of me on the couch. This way, from very specific angles not covered by my legs, viewers walking past the window might be able to glimpse my grey panties covered in little snowmen. This made my heart race, by I tried to act casual, like I was so engrossed in my book I forgot to sit in a proper modest, panty-concealing, lady-like pose.

I read another chapter and was really enjoying the book. I even made some marginal notations, just like back in the day in grad school. At this point though I was almost done the next mug of tea and my bladder was filling rapidly. I was at a 7 and threatening to get fuller by the minute. I moved my legs down to sit in a more lady-like and bladder supporting pose and continued to try to read.

I was soon at an 8, at which point my ability to actually read and absorb text declines steadily. All of my attention was on my bladder. I crossed my legs tightly and ‘read’ on. Or rather I glanced at the text and re-read various paragraphs.

I was now at an 8.5 and jiggling my foot uncontrollably. I realized that while I was on display in the window few people actually walk past coffee shop windows and stare at people, and the high back of the comfortable chair blocked my discreet signs of desperation from the other coffee shop customers.

This was not a bad thing. I like this coffee shop. People here are my neighbours and they know me. I didn’t exactly want to have to never return here, so I didn’t mind not putting on a large show. Just knowing I was incredibly desperate in public was enough to get my heart rate up.

I moved the book to my lap to provide cover for my hand which was now offering its support, pressing the plaid fabric of my skirt into my crotch.

I sat like this for a little while longer, pretending to read. Then I realized that I would need to get to the washroom soon. Unlike say the mall which has large washrooms with lots of stalls, this coffee shop only has two gender neutral ones in the back. And given the coffee shops popularity, it was entirely possible that they could be occupied at the crucial moment.

I glanced casually around the back of my high chair to look over at the washrooms. They are down a hallway that was almost a clear straight line from where I was sitting, with only the coffee bar portion of the cafe in the way. My inspection revealed that there was not a line, which was to be expected, but I had no way of knowing if one or both of the toilets were occupied.

I rotated in the chair, this time sitting so that my knees were over one of the chair arms (the one facing away from the door so as not to flash my panties at everyone on the shop, and leaned out over the other arm of the chair. This way I could feign reading while keeping an eye on the bathroom situation.

A couple of minutes passed, and I didn’t see anyone go in or come out of the hallway leading to the washroom. I was at an 8.5 but threatening to be more desperate any minute. The change in position had not done very much to help with my desperation, and my position caused my legs to put a little more pressure on my abdomen and bladder. It was also harder to hold myself with my hand. Now would be a good time to make a dash for the loo.

I waited a little longer. Relishing the mild panic feeling that was welling up inside of me. Had this been a couple of months ago, I might have already had a serious accident. As it was, I was very close and it was time. What motivated me to get up, apart from the urgent demands of my bladder, was ultimately movement towards the toilets. I middle-aged woman got up and walked down the halls and entered one of the washrooms.

In my current state I could not risk waiting any longer, especially not standing in front of the washrooms waiting for another patron to finish, so I pushed my book into my purse hurriedly, and rotated my body quickly out of the languid position I had assumed.

I walked briskly across the coffee shop, and headed down the hallway to the washrooms. I could not hold myself for fear of being too obvious, and also as it would have slowed my pace. So I decided to be as quick as possible.

One toilet was closed and occupied. Fortunately, the other was ajar. I had a moment of inspiration to close that door and wait desperately outside the other, waiting for the woman to finish, but this thought evaporated, along with my control. Simply glimpsing the washroom was causing my body to react, just as it has at other times.

I stepped into the washroom, found the light switch and closed the door behind me. As I was fumbling with the lock, my body released a strong leak of pee. Enough to saturate my underwear, but not much else. I took a step towards the toilet and suddenly I was peeing.

Not a leak.

Not a dribble.

Not even a moderate squirt.

But completely peeing. My hear raced and I felt a small thin rivulet of warmth running down one leg. I heard a splashing sound as pee hit the ground.

I let this situation transpire for perhaps 10 seconds while I pulled up my skirt and found the waistband of my panties. Then I had turned, pulled my underwear down and was peeing with the same force into the toilet.

I regretted not wiping the seat first, but only momentarily, as this would have led to an even greater puddle on the floor.

I inspected my panties while I peed, which took well over a minute, the hissing sound filling the washroom. Fortunately, I had peed with enough force that the damage to my panties was only moderate.

As you can see, there is still a decent wet spot on them, but not as serious as when I peed my panties in a more controlled fashion.

$$

There was a rather significant puddle on the ground in front of the toilet though. You can make it out in this picture which I snapped.

$$

After peeing, I wiped myself, which was a protracted process, as my right leg was wet all the way to my sock and my left to my knee. I slipped my panties off completely, during this process, as they were well sodden, and snapped a picture for all you perverts.

I then used a decent amount of paper towel to clean up the puddle I had made. As you can see, the ‘unfinished industrial-look’ flooring is only slightly forgiving to wet spots. I felt like one of the Japanese actors in the almost-made-it videos, carefully cleaning up their mess after not quite making it to the washroom in time. I made a little ‘video’ of the scene in my mind, and imagined myself to be one of those actors, embarrassed and shameful, cleaning up the mess I had made.

This got my heart rate up and I could feel my pulse throbbing between my legs.

I then washed my hands very thoroughly, as the floor of public washrooms are nasty places, and padded my panties with paper towel so that they were not quite as wet as they were.

As always, I carry a spare pair of panties in my purse, and I slipped into these now, and added a pad, something I also always carry, owing to the fact that I did not have any more back-up panties and I was sure that my taxed bladder was going to need to go again very soon.

I slipped my wet panties into a baggie and then into my purse. Composed myself, and headed out of the washroom.

I cleared up my mug on my way out, and headed home. This time, I took a more direct route, as I was very keen to get home and deal with the damp pulsing between my legs.

Rach

*003*2018-05-01 23:12

{{22 hours ago, CoffeeNow1 said:

That was an extremely well written story, and besides that, was incredibly exciting. And I really do appreciate the picture you snapped for "us perverts." Way to piss in your panties! Thank you so much for sharing.

}}

Why thank you :)

*009*2018-05-04 17:12

{{2 hours ago, sunglasses said:

This was delightful. I particularly like that you were reading philosophy and, of course, the photo of your panties. We can only wish for more desperate philosophers dressed as you were.

All the writing is terrific. One of my favorite sections in addition to the philosophy and the joys of finally letting go is this:

“This time, because I was feeling naughty, I sat with my knees up in front of me on the couch. This way, from very specific angles not covered by my legs, viewers walking past the window might be able to glimpse my grey panties covered in little snowmen. This made my heart race, but I tried to act casual, like I was so engrossed in my book I forgot to sit in a proper modest, panty-concealing, lady-like pose.”

It appeals to the simultaneous and alternating joys of looking and being looked at. I would certainly be doing my best in the coffee shop to position myself to see those lovely grey panties, that would be a highlight of my non-fat cappucino. This section also appeals to the part of me that imagines someone catching a glimpse of the pink panties I am wearing beneath my jeans as I wait in line to order or bend over to pick up my book bag for the walk home, not knowing if I will make it with more than a few discreet spurts that will begin to turn the faded crotch of my jeans a darker, mysterious deep blue.

Looking forward to future stories of philosophy, peeing, and panties

}}

Well there is nothing quite like being directly quoted in a positive review :) Thanks for the kind words and citation :) And spring skirt weather = mild but innocent panty flashing ;)

{{2 hours ago, nappypants said:

Another great story! Was the pad called into action after you changed? ;)

}}

Not to catch pee, I was rather damp in the lady parts however.

*011*2018-05-06 02:08

{{On 2018-05-04 at 1:56 PM, Hurdyra said:

Do you write for a living? That was so well written that I felt like I could have been living it with you. Wonderful stuff, thank you.

}}

Awww thank you. I don't write non-fiction like this, usually just academic stuff (in philosophy), but this is very nice of you to say. I've been wanting to write something longer for a very long time now, but well I keep doing shorter things like this :) One day I'll write my early life story.

*015*2018-05-24 11:33

{{On 5/12/2018 at 9:28 AM, Keita123 said:

Oh yeah I love the idea of panty flashing a slight damp panties, just so the people seeing them would wander how they could be a little wet like that, especially if the person wearing it acted as nonchalant as ever.

Great story!

}}

I think you'd have to flash a lot of panty if the person seeing them was to know they ere wet. Or select your fabric 'carefully'

