2 wettings from same girl in one day. One in public one in bed.

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2016-04-01 05:38

Hey all. This is an experience i witnessed not too long ago actually. I was out with friends and saw a great desperation and wetting but the story doesn't end there. That same girl actually had another wetting that night, so I hope you enjoy the story.

My boys and I were offbase to start our libo (military term for weekend basically). We were arguing whether to go to bdubs and catch a game or go drinking and have fun while I get a free meal for being the DD (best gig ever). I didn't care and wasn't really paying attention when I saw a brunette girl who looked to be maybe 21 or 22 who caught my eye by her natural beauty. She had a flawless face with the most beautiful blue eyes. She was in great shape and had a runners build. She was wearing tight leggings (the best gift from God in the 21 century) and was just stunning in every aspect. I go to sit down and talk to her and she kinda looks at me like "you're not getting in my pants so go away". I knew she was not the kind of girl you have a one night stand with by the way head held herself.

I am attracted to independence and loyalty and this girl was the only girl I was really attracted to since Aleina so I was not about to lose the oppertunity. Im not gonna lie I'm kinda rusty at this. If ik you or I know some of your friends I can talk to you and have a great time, but when it comes to new random people I am shy. After a second she starts talking to me and next thing I know i have her number and it's an hour and a half later. We're just sitting on a bench by the street and she just finished her run when I sat down so she said we'd head back to her place for her to shower and change and go meet up with my friends (who left to bdubs). She lived 5 miles from there so we walk for about three miles when she trips and rolls her ankle. She gets right back up and I see a very small wet patch and was like wtf?

We take maybe 15 steps when she stops and bends down holding herself. I felt like I was dreaming because she's one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen and she looked to be on the verge of wetting herself. There wasn't any place to go for about 3 blocks and she was not going to make it. It happened way too fast and I asked her why she waited this long. She turned around with tears in her eyes and said it's my medication that she has a kidney infection and the meds she got makes it come out of nowhere and fast.

She's in so much duress that I didn't even want her to piss herself anymore. I'm kinda weird I love wettings but hate it when it's faked but when it's real I hate seeing people embarrassed by it. I ask how long she thinks she has and says I won't make it back to my place in time and there's no where near by and is so close to crying that I felt horrible. We were in wide open with cars driving by so she couldn'tgo there either. Ashley (Ash) is trying to keep calm and then I realized just how bad this must be for her.

She doesn't know me and is about to piss herself in front of me. I finally make the riskiest gamble of my life and tell her to do something that could have so easily gone the other way. Cars were going by and there was no way she could pull down her pants without being seen and kids were playing at the park across the street as well. I tell her that holding it in when it's this bad is bad and with her kidney infection it really won't help so I tell her to go on her leggings and then I promise she won't have to see me again.

I basically did the kind of thing I hate what omo enthusiasts do most. I told a hot girl to pee her pants. She just looked at me like what the fuck?! But eventually she said yeah you're right there's no way out and started to pee. People were beginning to stare and they would have known what was going on so I "tripped" on top of her while she finished. I told her to laugh so they would look away and she did. I mean public affection sometimes make people look away and luckily this time it did.

Now I was on top of her so people didn't see a stream but half of her pee got on me it felt like so when I got up after she finished my left leg was actually wet a bit. After about 110 seconds I think of her peeing she tells me to get off and she gets up and I was like this is goodbye. I met an amazing girl and now she won't ever want to see me again. I said look I'm sorry for suggesting that but I didn't know what else to think and I promise I won't bother you again. Ash then gets up and says look, Ben (yes that's my name), you're really sweet and the first guy I've met that I actually like who isn't only about sex. I then tell her I'm actually a Virgin and she just started laughing and told me that she's glad I sat down on the bench. We finally got to her place where I waited on her sofa and drank a bottle of water she gave me. About 45 minutes later she comes down in a stunning outfit with blue jeans boots a black shirt and a brown leather jacket. And we go to meet my friends.

We had a great night where my boys all got a little too drunk so I drove 3 of them in one car from a friend who came later and Ash drove the other 2. When we got to the barracks I told Ramirez that he'll get his keys back the next day and went in Ash's car to go back to her place to hang out. She tells me to wait and runs up to her room to change into loose sweats and a white tank top (I changed into sweats before we got there) and came down with a ps4 and some games. I was like I met the perfect girl since Aleina and we played mortal combat X. I was like imma go easy on her and ended up playing for 3 hours straight with winning 56-53. The girl was good! It was 2 am and we decided to watch a movie and cuddled together on the sofa.

About 45 min in I look down to see her asleep on me and turned it off and the TV and decided to turn off tv and text my dad the night i was having. We text back and forth and at 4 am my leg starts to feel wet. I shine my phobe down for light to see her grey sweatpants (with added bonus of black panties sticking out) were getting darker and wetter. I wake her up and she's in a daze and I tell her she just wet herself again. She's groggy and wasn't really sure of what was going on and fell back asleep. I woke Ash up again this time she processed and jumped off the sofa. Bedwettings are my favorite kind of wetting so I was kinda like this is not a problem. 

I sit up and tell her that it happens and it was probably the meds. I don't know what I did to make her this comfortable with me but when she found out I wasn't mad or angry she hugged me and told me to get off the sofa and she put a towel on. For it to dry and we went to her room to talk. My sweats were soaked from the thigh down and I was afraid if i took them off she would get wrong idea when ash opened her door in nothing but a shirt and underwear. Ash looked at me and said. Ben ik what you're intentions are so my underwear is less revealing than my bikini and she went back to bed in a T shirt and white panties. I crawled into bed with her and woke up to a dry bed and a happy Ash.

Well this happened 2 weeks ago from tomorrow and in that time since Ash didn't have any wettings and im going to go celebrate her 21 bday Saturday so maybe she will do something drunk. But regardless hope you like the story!

*004*2016-04-03 01:44

{{: 

Sounds like you found a winner son

}}

Well imma about to head to her place right now so idk.

*011*2016-04-04 05:13

{{: 

You have amazing luck with female wettings ; and getting some on you is an added bonus. I have never had that pleasure. I really enjoy your writing style . Thank you for sharing, and best of luck with Ash.

}}

She actually barely drank and had a very dry night. Aleina was different she had a very small bladder but Ash seems to have a much larger one... so I don't anticipate any more wettings from her

