Senior year of high school, first time trying a butt plug at school

Author: dunnetahl

*000*2021-09-23 05:27

So it was raining this morning (it's been raining across all of Southern Ontario for the last couple days and counting) and when I got up it was still pretty dark, maybe an hour before sunrise, when I decided to go for a bit of a jog and swung by my old high school next to the Civic Centre. I felt strangely reminded of an experience from my senior year of high school as I was pretty much wearing the exact same outfit and the conditions were the same what with jogging in the morning rain by my old high school.

Here are the details (names have been changed to protect the innocent

I was a senior in high school and 19 at this point (I had spent some time dropped out and came back to finish so I was older than one would expect for grade 12). I went for a jog before school wearing a loose grey tank top, burgundy 3/4 joggers (pictures included below as I wet the same outfit this morning), white preppy shoes with white ankle socks. As I was walking towards the school I started to feel my socks get a little wet in my shoes so I stopped to take off my socks, put them in my pocket and continue barefoot.

After a lap of the school and civic centre I stopped at the pond beside the civic centre to admire the rain hitting the water. I hadn't planned on wetting obviously as I was about to start school shortly and so I didn't have any change of clothes but something just came over me. I had been saving up my load for the last few days again and I was feeling super horny and naughty and adventurous. It was my last year of school so why not take some risks, right?

I relaxed and let a nice hot jet of piss flood my joggers and I grabbed my crotch to move my dick around. I stopped the flow after a few seconds and took in how stimulating everything was. I was hyper sensitive from not orgasming for days. My toes curled and the sensation of my bare feet inside my shoes made me tremble.

I let out another hot stream that filled my pants as they started to overflow with the liquid and drip down. I was able to shift side to side so that the pee dripped on the ground just beside my shoes. I was careful not to fill the shoes with piss as I would be wearing them all day. I let myself pee for a good 10 seconds this time and cut myself off before I was completely empty. I knew we had a good 5k run during my fitness class today at second period so I wanted to save some for a good wetting during the 5k.

I stood there for a minute rubbing my dick around in my wet joggers getting kind close to orgasm, close enough to get a couple spurts of precum but stopped before tipping over the edge (I was commando which I often loved doing at school if I wasn't cross dressing) but the wet cotton of the joggers against my dick felt amazing and being commando at school always adds to the naughtiness.

It was about an hour until classes started and I continued my jog with a couple more laps around the school. About half an hour before class, my girlfriend at the time, Taylor, called me to meet her by the smokers corner. By the time I met her the wetness of my pants had pretty much blended in and I wondered if she would notice. I leaned in to kiss her and she grabbed my cock through my pants. The discovery shifted her tone to one of excitement, "Did you piss your pants?"

This was a fetish we both have and had already shared with each other, we actually pretty much shared all of our fetishes. Instead of answering her I let out a spurt of pee I had been holding onto and let it gush through her fingers. A huge grin came across her face and she leaned back in to kiss me even more vigorously.

"What about your classes?" she asked. "Are you just going to play hookey today? Don't you have that 5k test in fitness though?"

I took a step back so she could see my pants, "You can't really see it and I thought I would have some fun. I'm pretty well hydrated so it shouldn't smell. You should try it with me, we can make a game of it. See who is more wet when we meet for lunch. You're already wearing black so you don't even need to worry about anyone seeing."

Taylor was wearing a tight red Hollister shirt with super short sleeves, some aqua coloured boy shorts with black lulu lemon athletic shorts over top and the same preppy white shoes and ankle socks. We bought 2 pair and we often traded our shoes.

I leaned in to kiss her again while reaching my hands down behind her to spread her legs wide. I squeezed her butt and reached my finger towards her pussy and continued to squeeze while kissing her. Within a few seconds I felt the familiar warmth of her piss bursting through my fingers, soaking her athletic shorts and making a nice puddle on the ground that blended in with all the others from the rain.

It may be worth noting that it was one of those light rain all day kind of things and there was never really a downpour so everyone was still out and about doing their business. Taylor and I were positioned a little ways away from everyone near some trees for our greeting.

Taylor's torrent of piss flooding her shorts obviously got me quite excited and I felt we were under enough cover that I could whip my dick out and stick it between her thighs to get drenched in her hot piss while she emptied her bladder. I thrust rhythmically as the wet spandex of her shorts enveloped my cock. I continued to kiss her and let my arousal build but this was still just a tease. I wasn't ready to blow this load I had been saving for days just yet. I got stimulated enough to let out some precum again and this time I pulled her lulu lemons and boy shorts back to let my precum drip into her panties. Taylor always enjoyed wearing my cum in her panties, especially if she could do it at school for the added naughtiness. In doing this I got to enjoy the contrast of her aqua boy shorts with wet dark blue near the crotch and the much lighter aqua of the still dry sides.

Taylor fingered herself for a few seconds before one of our friends started walking over to say good morning. I quickly put my cock back in my pants.

"You two up to no good already?" Alex said while pointing at the obvious bulge in my pants from my still quite erect penis.

We made casual conversation until the first bell and we all headed to class. It didn't seem like Alex noticed my wet pants and if he did, he didn't say anything. My first class was English, when I sat down in my wet joggers I also took off my shoes to dry and put my socks back on. It wasn't long into class before I started to have to pee again pretty bad. I had drank so much water from the jog this morning. I tried to ignore it but as we got about 3/4 of the way through the class I wasn't sure if I was going to make it to the gym change rooms at the end of the period.

I tried to play with my dick in my pants a bit to get hard and hopefully distract from the need to urinate which helped for a bit but with 10 minutes left in the class, my need was insatiable. I let out a couple controlled spurts and rejoiced in the fresh warmth and wetness around my crotch and the arousal was just enough to get me to the end of first period.

When the bell rang I made a b-line for the gym change rooms. The hall door was locked and I had to go in through the gym, by this point a spurt was shooting into my pants every few seconds. By the time I got in front of the toilet I was full on pissing my pants uncontrollably as I whipped my dick out to finish in the toilet and not get my shoes and socks soaked.

The relief was so amazing that I thought I might have been having an orgasm from peeing but after maybe 20 seconds or so I snapped back to reality and cut off my flow once again. I still wanted to have a wetting during the 5k run while just out around the neighbourhood and maybe even with Alex who was in my fitness class (or at least with Alex watching).

As I walked out of the stall in my soaked joggers the change room was still empty. I got out my black gym shorts (which had like mesh underwear sewn in kind of like a bathing suit), black tank top and black nike track shoes (also a picture below). I also felt in my gym bag I had left my cock rings in there and since I was feeling so naughty and I was still standing there alone in the change room and completely naked, I decide to pop the rings on. One around my entire package and another smaller one just to tug at my nuts. I had just finished pulling up my shorts when the other guys in my fitness class started to flood into the change room. I slipped my shoes on (again no socks as to keep them clean for after) and threw my black tank top over my head.

I took my time packing up my bag and waited for Alex to get there and made small talk half-heartedly while trying to inconspicuously scope some of my hotter classmates changing. Alex whispered to me, "I have a surprise for you during the run. Stick to my pace."

Something mischievous in his tone told me this surprise was going to be somewhat sexual in nature and I started to get hard. I winked at him and patted his ass. Alex was fully gay and everyone knew it. By senior year everyone was so comfortable with their sexuality that the guys in fitness took it as a compliment if they caught Alex checking them out. Same with me but I always tried to be less obvious just because it is good form. Anyways, we got out to the gym, did our warm ups and then our instructor got us started on the 5k.

For the first kilometre or so Alex and I kept pace with most of the rest of the class until he started to drag behind a bit and I slowed down with him. In not too long we were coming up on a path that cut through the route but also led to a park and Alex took us down that path to the park. I was already needing to piss again pretty bad as I had never properly emptied my bladder yet today. To compound things my bladder muscles were starting to get weak from all the holding.

When we got to the park, Alex brought us over to where there was some good tree cover and we had a decent amount of privacy.

"So what's this surprise?" I asked. "Something naughty, I'm sure."

Alex pulls out a metal butt plug. Quite a fat one too. "You're gonna finish the rest of the 5k with this in your ass," he tells me.

I pretend to refuse to make myself seem less eager but I was too excited to hold up the charade for long. We were well hidden behind some trees and Alex pulled my bum out of my shorts, lubed up the butt plug with his spit and gently started forcing it inside me. About halfway and I clenched my sphincter and pushed it back out. It was a REALLY big butt plug. Bigger than most I had ever taken before.

"I really have to pee," I tell Alex.

"So just piss in your gym shorts. You already pissed in your joggers this morning." he replied (shit, I guess he did notice, lol... I wonder how many other people noticed and just didn't say anything?).

"Just take it slow," I said.

Alex continued pressing the butt plug deeper and deeper into my ass and I felt my dick bursting with piss but my shorts still felt dry. "I'm peeing!" I shouted. The butt plug finally slid into place. My entire body trembled and became overwhelmed with pleasure. It felt like I was pissing in waves, harder than I had ever pissed before. "I'm peeing..." I gasped.

"No you're not," Alex laughed.

I opened my ears and felt my crotch... just a handful of slimy, stick cum... wow... I was lost in such pure ecstasy from that orgasm I couldn't even tell the difference.

"You just came, didn't you?"

"Ye... yeah," I managed to get out while catching my breath.

"Must have been a good one if you thought you were pissing."

"I honestly couldn't tell the difference. I've been holding my nut for days and that butt plug just sent me over the edge. Thanks for the 'surprise' (I air-quoted as I continued to catch my breath). We should get running and catch up to the rest of the class."

"Don't you still need to piss?"

"I will piss my shorts while we're running. You should join me."

We made our way through the park to reconnect to the 5k path further ahead. Once we were back on the sidewalk I let loose and basked in the rain while my legs were warmed with piss and that sweet, sweet release of finally letting my entire bladder empty. Noticing the liquid streaming down from between my legs, Alex started a deluge of his own and we each gave the other a slap on the ass while we were running and pissing our shorts.

Our gym shorts were both black so no one noticed as we got back to the gym. The teacher recorded our 5k times and said we could take the rest of the class off so Alex and I headed into the change room. I had hung my joggers up to dry during the run but they were still a little damp when I put them on. I gave them a whiff before slipping them on though and to my delight they didn't smell, according to plan. When Alex pulled down his shorts he revealed a drenched pair of grey boxers and said, "I guess I'm going commando the rest of the day." He slipped on his tight ripped jeans, a girls grey american eagle top (similar style to the one Taylor was wearing) and some converse.

"Was that the first time you wet yourself?" I asked Alex as I had never heard him mention that fetish before when we talked about sex and he obviously knew about my fetish.

"Yeah. It felt pretty awesome. I can see why you enjoy it. I will have to experiment with it some more."

"Be sure to include me," I responded.

We hung out for a bit outside by the smokers corner until the end of period. Alex had another class but Taylor and I shared 3rd period lunch. I couldn't afford to let her be more wet than me when we met as per our little game so I squatted down and gave my joggers a nice fresh soaking. When Taylor got there and we kissed she could tell instantly I had busted a nut. I told her the story of what had transpired with Alex and she made me promise to filled her ass with the butt plug tomorrow morning for school. We both checked each other's wet spots and agreed to call it a tie for now but the contest was back on for end of the day.

We both made each other drink a litre of water at lunch and promise to hold until the end of the day and we would wet on our walk home. By the time we met up after school my bladder muscles were too sore to hold out much longer. Taylor wanted to see who could hold the longest but I told her she had already won and I was pissing again as soon as we started walking but she didn't wait much longer. We went back to her place because her parents were always away on work and we fucked, showered and got changed. I spent the rest of the night in Taylor's clothes as I didn't bring any of my own. We did the laundry so I could have fresh gym shorts for the next day and the next morning it was Taylor's turn with the butt plug as promised.

But that was it for the omo fun on this particular adventure. Alex and I would get into many other adventures in the future. Some of these adventures will be shared in future stories. It's crazy the scandalous shit we get up to when we let that sexual energy build up for a few days. We get way more risky. All the most fun omo adventures and interesting, scandalous sexual experiences I have had were a result of holding out for a few days while I got really horny and willing to do all sorts of crazy things I would never normally think of.

Anyways, I hope everyone enjoyed reading this. It's crazy when you've been rubbing one out to a spank bank memory for so long that the details all get really intense in your mind. It's like a massive load off to get it out of my head and into words so thank you to the entire community for this outlet. This one ended up pretty long in the tooth. I'm going to try to get some shorter stories in over the next little bit. As always, if anyone has any criticism on the writing style or types of things to leave out or focus more on for future shares, then please share freely. I definitely get off on other people getting off on stories of my past experiences so if there is anything I can do to be more arousing in the writing style, I'm all ears.

I love all you guys! Thanks for reading.

(the grey jeggings were just the pants I was wetting while writing this post, the shoes and joggers were the same ones I had from high school)

