Padlock overall pee (+hidden messing part)

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2016-07-11 21:06

HI,

I haven't been much active last time, but here's my another experience from last week:

I found 4 digit padlock when looking into old stuff boxes. It was locked and I didn't knowed the combination. I it was evening, I didn't have anything to do and I was bored, so I started cracking the code. 0000, 0001, 0002, 0003,... In about two hours, I get to 1111 and the padlock opened. I thought it might could be fun to lock myself in pants and change the combination, not looking on it. So I took leggings (no panties), shirt, jeans overall and wellies. I took a chain and used it instead of belt, and locked it using the padlock. When I was sure I won't be able to undress without opening the lock, I unlocked the padlock and started rotating the digits (that's how you change combination on this one) not looking on it. Then, I locked it.

It was done. I just drunkes 2 liters of cola and I was locked in my clothes, not knowing the combination. I went to the garden, sat on bench and started cracking the padlock again. In about an hour, I really needed to pee. I stand up, kept holding it and cracking the padlock. Then I lose controll. The pee was going down my legs, wetting my leggings, then overall, ending in my wellies. When my bladder was empty, I sat on the bench and rubbered my crotch. Then, I countinued cracking the code.

*Warning: Messing starts*

In about half an hour, I needed to poo. I also like messing, so I didn't paid any atention and continnued cracking the lock. Then, huge fart and huge poop into my still wet leggings. I started to smearing the poo over my clothes and rubbing myself. When I was done, it was already night and I still didn't opened the lock. Then, I took a calculator and discovered, that to go throught all the combinations, I will need about 12 hours. I should have done this before, or maybe take a picture using my phone to have the option of getting the combination. But there was no way back. I didn't wanted to damage my overall, and I didn't have iron saw, so I couldn't cut it. Only way was to continue cracking - in pissed and pooped clothes, in garden, at night. When it was about midnight, I was at 5XXX, so about in half. I was feeling very tired, and even when I have bed protector, I decided to sleep outside, on the grass.

I woke up before morning, the sun was just rising. I was totaly wet and it was raining. I needed to poo and pee again. As I was completely wet and it was raining, I didn't mind the pee and let it out, but I was trying to hold the poo. I hided under tree and continued cracking the padlock combination. My need to poo wasn't so big and I could hold it, but I was wet and horny, so I decided to let it go and I pooped myself again. I started rubbing my crotch again, sitting in mud puddle with pooped leggings. 

When I finished myself, I countinued cracking the padlock. It finally stopped raning, so I moved into direct sunlight, because the wet clothes was cold. It helped, but the heat made my poo smell again more. It turned me on so much. I was lying in the mud (as there is no grass in this part of garden), masturbating, but I still didn't have the combination. Finally, in next hour, I got it (8762, I hate this number :D ), so I took all my clothes down and used garden hose to wash me and then clothes.

*Messing ends*

I recommend you to try this, but first, do a calculations. If it will take you about 12 hours to try all the combinations, use your phone to make a photo of the combination you didn't see :D

