Forrest Walk

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2016-01-11 16:51

Hey guys,

Yesterday I decided to go for a nice walk. I had planned the route and it would be about 6 miles so at normal walking speed would take 2 hours. I knew I was going to want to be naughty so I made sure that before I left I was pretty full. I also took a back pack with a large drink in.

I left at about 9am already needing to pee about 7/10 on the desperation scale. I got my self dressed in good sneaky wetting clothes. I grabbed my leather skirt, black leggings, wellies (muddy paths), and really thick fluffy socks.

I headed off down the country tracks near my house. After bout 45 minutes I was really desperate. I kept walking totally bursting to pee. I found a fallen tree. I decided to sit down and relax a bit. I sat and then I was just super tempted. I started peeing a bit. It trickled out through my panties and leggings and ran down the back inside of my skirt and splashed on the floor between my legs. I quickly stopped the flow which was hard and it was quite painful to do as I was flowing quite fast.

I carried on walking with my wet panties and leggings clinging quite well between my legs. I kept leaking as I was walking and then suddenly my bladder spasmed and a huge spurt of pee escaped. My natural instincts was to grab my self. The skirt kind of hindered the attempt to squeeze my self and I just kept leaking like crazy. I decided to just let it flow. I stood there totally flooding my leggings with pee. It was pouring down the inside of my legs hidden by my skirt. It flooded the inside of my wellies and soaked my socks and warmed up my little feet and cute toes :P It felt amazing! And best of all it was impossible to be seen by anyone else!

I had to take off my wellies though and tip the extra pee out as it was making quite a splashing noise when I walked but I still enjoyed it as my socks were still all warm and soaked.

On the hour walk home I walked past 3 people walking dogs and none of them looked at me funny or anything.

I got home and had a nice warm shower to clean up :P It felt amazing and was so much more exciting than a regular walk!

Seeds x

