Allison Wets For Me: Chapter 1 - The first time

Author: RomanRune

*000*2019-03-01 04:37

First, some background, for context. Additional background is in my introduction.

I had finally started a serious college relationship just before summer break my Sophomore year of college, I will call her Allison. After summer break apart and a road trip together to move her back to College, we were helping each other get our dorm rooms set back up for the new year, and generally exhausting each other in young love, as you would expect an early 20's couple to do.

Allison is tall, around 5 ft 7 (170 cm), with long dirty blond hair, large blue-green eyes, pale skin, a very pretty round face, large breasts, and wide hips. I have always, from the moment I first saw her, thought her remarkably pretty, though not in a Hollywood sort of way. But so much more importantly to me (not so much this story), she is remarkably intelligent, and has a calmness of demeanor I find very attractive.

I am a few inches taller than she, broad shouldered but trim, with dark hair, green eyes, and olive complexion.

Where this picks up we are still in the getting-to-know-you stage of our relationship, having only been intimate for less than a month’s worth of time together. I have never been particularly shy about my fetish for wet panties, but it wasn't exactly free information. I had mentioned it to a couple previous girlfriends but nothing had ever become of it, and it wasn’t something I had in any way pushed for.

*****

I was holding Allison on my shoulder, lying in bed. “So, tell me something else you like, or think you want to try,” she said to me.

I stroked her long hair, letting her words hang in the air for a minute. We had just had a conversation about whether anal was something we would ever try, and I was having an internal debate about how much of myself I wanted to reveal at once to her. But something about her called for honesty. Proceeding cautiously, I said“Ok, but this may be getting into the more unusual realm.”

She playfully giggled and squeezed my chest, letting one long, naked leg cross over into the middle of mine. “And what would that be?” I hesitated. “C'mon, I told you about my girly experiences.”

I know she could feel my heart rate increase as I formulated a response. I wasn't used to being apprehensive like this, but something about Allison was different, special. I didn’t want to scare her off, but it was going to come out sooner or later, may as well be when she is specifically asking. I took a breath, “Ok.. I like the idea of a girl deliberately peeing in her pants.”

It felt good letting it out, the proverbial weight lifted off. Still, I’m sure she heard a tremor in my voice as the words came out. She paused just long enough to take it in, then replied “that's a new one, I haven't heard that before.” Total nonchalance. She said this in her usual pitch and cadence, no hint of judgement or revulsion. Without knowing how to follow up, I just gave a little shrug, lifting her head with my shoulder.

“Yeah, I guess its unique. I don’t know where it comes from or what it is about it.”

“Well, I can do that.” Again, totally calm.

“... you can?” A real master of oration, I am.

She lifted her head off my shoulder, looking me in the eyes, “sure. It doesn't seem that hard, if it's something you want me to do I can try it for you.”

Now my heart was racing in earnest and my palms felt clammy. My cock began to engorged, which she did not fail to notice, as evinced by her hand sliding up and down the shaft, encouraging more growth.

“Well, I guess this answers the question of if you want it or not,” she looked me in the eyes, still stroking my cock. There was a twinkle in her eye I hadn't seen in the few weeks we had been intimate together, and an impish tone to her voice. “Let's talk details later. Right now, how about we try fitting this guy in my ass?”

*****

Later that afternoon Allison and I were in my dorm room, a nice set-up that had private bedrooms and a common living area for two dwellers. My roommate hadn't moved in for fall semester yet, so we had the apartment to ourselves. I had not since brought up that morning's conversation, not exactly knowing how, when, or if there would be a follow-through. As it turned out, Allison broached the subject of her own accord.

Sitting on the couch, relaxing, she tuned to me and said, with that same twinkle in her eye, “I have to pee, should we try what we talked about this morning?”

Without waiting for me to find my tongue, which seems to have taken a short vacation, she stood up and led me to my room where she had already packed away some clothes for sleepovers. “So, what do you want me to wear?”

I looked her over head to toe. She was wearing a form fitting pair of light blue jeans and a white Harley-Davidson t-shirt, and I knew already she had on blue cotton bikini panties, an unusual departure from her typical wardrobe of thongs. “Actually, what your in is great for me.”

It was sinking in that this was real, my fantasy was about to be performed by Allison willingly

“Where do you want to do it?” She asked me

My mind was racing. “Um, right here in the bedroom would be fine,” I said, reaching for a towel for her to stand on. It seemed more intimate here than in the bathroom, warmer, somehow. I folded the towel a couple times over and laid it at her feet. “Just in case, I'm not really sure what is going to happen.”

She smiled at me and took her place. A moment or two passed where she looked like she was concentrating. “I'm having trouble starting,” she said sheepishly.

It's time I step up, I thought. She needs to feel comfortable, remove the feeling like she is on display. I gently stood in front of her with my mouth next to her cheek and started talking in a husky voice.

“Don’t think about it too hard, just relax. Just think about you, and me, laying next to each other. My lips on your neck, hands in your pants, touching you gently. Me looking into your eyes, and you in mine, nothing else in the world but us right here.”

She gasped a little. My hands had meanwhile been lightly caressing all up and down her body, shoulders to hips. I brushed along her crotch and felt something cool and damp. She looked at me in the eyes with love and hunger, I took a step back to see what she had done.

A small wet patch had formed at her crotch, barely reaching her leg, before the last vestiges of all the years of bathroom training had made their final stand. But the seal was broken. I heard it before I saw it, Allison had finally convinced her body to let go. Her light pants got very dark as the pee spread quickly down her thighs.

Timidly at first, not knowing what to do or if I wanted to, I touched her wet thigh as the pee was rushing out. The moment my fingers brushed the damp denim the timidity was gone and I placed my palm hard against her crotch, cupping her as the the rest of the pee ran into her jeans. We kissed passionately as she pressed herself into my hand and began thrusting her hips. Her eyes opened and bore deep into mine mid-kiss. It was the most erotic moment of my life. Eventually, I moved my hand north to the button on her jeans and unfastened them using my thumb and index finger, all the while never breaking eye contact as we kissed.

I unzipped her jeans, “should we take these off now?” I said as I slid my fingers in between her jeans and panties.

“Not yet,” she said huskily, turning me towards the bed and finally stepping off the towel we had laid. She pushed me down on the bed and positioned the towel at my feet. Looking me in the eyes again she unbuttoned the pants I had on, freeing my penis from my boxers. “Hold my hair,” she said simply but with a hunger I still wasn’t prepared for.

She took me full into her mouth while kneeling in still-warm pee-soaked jeans. I held her hair to the side to watch as she slid my cock in and out of her mouth, occasionally looking up at me, nearly sending me over the edge with those green eyes burying into my soul. Finally she released me and stood up.

Understanding it was time to remove her wet pants, I leaned forward and slid them down her legs, leaving her wet blue panties in place. As the jeans hit the floor I put my hands on the top of her mons over the wet fabric of her panties and asked “can we leave these on for a while longer?”

“Sure,” she said with a smile, and straddled me. I could feel the cool wet cotton pressing into my stomach and cock, small droplets from the cotton squeezing out and rolling down my skin. Pulling the wet gusset of her panties aside, she took me inside her.

*****

After we were through we lay on my bed as we had that morning, letting what we had just done sink in. Both of us were now completely naked, the wet panties having been discarded at some point during sex.

“So?” I said, “what are your thoughts? Would you do this again?”

“Absolutely. It wasn’t bad, and there was no desire in you to humiliate or tease me for it. It's not really my thing, but if you make me feel as safe and wanted as you did today I don’t mind doing it occasionally.”

I kissed her and sat up, knowing we had committed to going to her grandparents house a couple hours away for the night. “We better get going, any chance I can convince you to wear those panties to your grandparents’?”

“That may be a bit too much,” she said with a sly smile. “But we can bring them with us to was there. Sneak these past my grandmother to the washing machine?.”

“Fair enough, how about going commando for the weekend?”

“That sounds like a plan!” Allison exclaimed, jumping up and grabbing her favorite pair of khaki pants. She pulled them over her bare bottom, making sure to do a little shimmy in my direction as the pants passed her bare hips. God help me, this girl is everything I fantasize about!

Dressed, she wrapped her arms around my neck. “And who knows, maybe there can be some more of this when we come back.”

*****

Over the next several years there were dozens more of these, but few were as notable. 15 years later we are still married, though kids pretty well killed these activities. As time allows I will try to recount some of the other times worth mentioning.

*003*2019-03-05 02:15

{{On 3/3/2019 at 11:33 AM, Matias said:

You are a very lucky man

}}

Thank you. I definitely think so, too!

{{On 3/1/2019 at 5:37 PM, ragtime said:

Well written and hot and sweet. please do recount.

}}

Thank you. It takes me a while to organize my thoughts and then find time to lay it out, but there is more to come.

*006*2019-03-10 14:23

Thanks for the warm feedback, it really is uplifting. Video has always been out of the question for her. Notwithstanding this happened before everyone had HD video recorders in their pockets, Allison has always been super self-conscious of herself and would rarely allow risque photos and never anything blatantly pornographic to be taken. I made sure to commit them to memory.

