First accidental bed wetting

Author: Averylynn

*000*2020-08-02 01:27

So its been a while since i posted on here, I've technically attempted but like my browser refreshes and I loose my post so I'm typing it somewhere else first lmao

Last night I had a really interesting experience that tbh I was too tired to appriciate. I've heard people say before that they dream of peeing and they piss themselves but I've never had that happen before, until now. My dream was pretty much what happened when I got insanely desperate the other day so I'm gonna explain that first

In case its important, I'm 23 years old, 115 pounds, and 5'3" I have red hair thats faded so it looks somewhere between a natural hair colour and the vibrant red I usually dye it, that goes down past my boobs. I was wearing a white bikini with little blue, pink, and orange flower designs. I'm kinda skinny, but I have really wide hips. My figure has been described as "stereotypical superhero obviously drawn by a guy" (but like only in photos because im hella short)

Recently I had been at the beach with my bf and his parents. They have lakefront property so we were sitting on their dock drinking some homemade iced tea that was really good (apparently iced tea to Canadians is different than what everyone else calls it and im not actually sure what the drink was but mine didnt contain alcohol) by the time I had to pee I had already gotten out of the water, and so did everyone else so I felt like it would be weird if I casually went back in when my clothes were already dry. I got desperate really fast tho and in the span of about an hour I was like "I need to pee now."

Since I'm super awkward and didnt want to seem weird I pretended to get a phone call and used that as an excuse to run to the bathroom.

So that was basically my dream. I was sitting on the dock with my boyfriend and we were drinking these non stop. In my dream my bladder was so full it was hard to drink more but for some reason I had to. Of course I finally went to the bathroom and thats when I woke up.

It was 4am my bf was asleep beside me, and I was peeing myself. I'm sure other vagina owners know that feeling of "Is it discharge, am I on my period, am I horny, or am I peeing?" And thats where I was at. It took maybe 3 seconds to realize what it was (I was mostly asleep and it felt so soft and warm sorta??) And realized how much pain I was in from my very full bladder.

I managed to stop and run to the bathroom, leaking a little bit on the way. I had fallen asleep in my clothes, a black tank top and a black with white polka dots thigh length skirt, and my panties were already soaked. My skirt was partially stuck in my panties and I couldnt figure out how to get it off fast enough so I just sorta pulled it up and peed through my panties. Im not sure for how long? But it felt like it took a lot longer than usual.

When i went back to bed there was a substitute sized wet spot on the bed but it hadnt gotten to my bf. We have a waterproof mattress cover on anyways, (technically for piss stuff but mostly cuz I squirt a lot) so I just kinda threw a towl over the spot and went back to bed.

Of course when we woke up and my bf noticed the towl he wouldnt stop making jokes about how he's going to get me diapers if this happens again tho x.x

*005*2020-08-11 20:23

{{On 8/6/2020 at 4:18 AM, Apertado said:

You had me laughing hard at that

Lovely experience, thanks for sharing!

}}

Someone told me that once back when I ised to cam and god I honestly think about that comment constantly it was so fucking funny to me

{{On 8/6/2020 at 5:13 AM, dwp said:

Thanks for sharing that story.

I'm sorry your bf gave you such a hard time after. That's just wrong, and I really wish people wouldn't do that to each other. Putting down a towel so you could sleep comfortable was smart.

D

}}

Oh it wasnt actually like a bad hard time ahaha he was pretty chill with it overall and is into the same stuff I am. Only difference is he prefers it planned lmaoo

Plus side is an hour or so after I posted this he pulled me into the bedroom. He had to pee and we needed to wash the sheets and mattress cover anyways. I think maybe once or twice I've ACTUALLY got him to pee on the bed (usually after I accidentally pee while he's fingering me... or more so, i realize I have to pee, tell him that and his response is "so pee then" which is like, the hottest response)

I have a very small bladder and tend to have small accidents at least once a week (actually 2 days aho i had to change my shorts because while taking a, legal, bong rip I started coughing so hard I had a sizeable wet spot on the front of my shorts. They didn't say anything, but like I sure said "one sec i have to change my shorts" so uh...) So my boyfriends used to it, he makes fun of me because he knows I'm semi into the humiliation ahaha

