A casual evening hold turned into an almost accident

Author: starry-eyed

*000*2018-12-06 05:09

Tonight, spur of the moment, I decided I would do a small hold just for fun. I wasn't feeling like doing anything big, as I was quite tired after a long day, but I had the time, so, I figured, why not?

As per my usual, I started off rather casually, drinking around half a litre of water in the first two hours. It didn't do much for me, only made me feel a mild urge to use the restroom.

A little while after, I chugged 250 mL, followed by 250 more, sipped over the course of an hour and a half.

By the time I finished this off, I was definitely starting to feel it, and the slight urge to squirm energised me a bit. It was as if my anticipation for a nice, long hold had me slowly regaining the energy I had lost throughout the day, and before I knew it, I had added another half a litre to the mix, bringing the total to around 1.5 litres in my system, perhaps a bit more since it wasn't exact measurements.

Now, I'm no superhuman, and my bladder can't hold nearly that much, so I knew I was going to be full to bursting quite soon. My body was practically shivering with anticipation for the desperation I had been craving for a few days now.

I spent the next bit of time sprawled out on the floor, watching various YouTube videos to keep myself distracted from the slowly growing discomfort in my abdomen. Every so often, I reached down to feel my bladder, testing how full it was.

Around the 6 hour mark of the hold, when it was starting to get quite late at night, my bladder had finally reached the point where even the most fascinating video couldn't keep me distracted. It was rock hard, and spasms rocked my entire body every few seconds. My skin was taut and warm around my too-full bladder, and I was almost shaking from the strain of trying to keep it all in, as well as the pure rush of anticipation at finally reaching the peak of my desperation.

After observing my slight bulge for a little bit, I laid down on the floor on my back, legs straight out, and willed myself to lay completely still, just to see how long I could hold it without squirming or grabbing myself.

I felt as if my whole body was burning with the effort, and I couldn't even last a whole minute with how much I needed to go. Before I even realized what was happening, my weakened bladder muscles caved, and liquid started trickling out, filling my panties with a warm wetness. As soon as I recognized what the sensation was, I immediately panicked, as I didn't want to completely wet myself and have to deal with the clean-up. Even so, when I finally managed to stand up, there was a large wet spot on the floor, and I didn't even stop leaking when I was standing, drops traveling down my bare legs.

I grabbed myself to forcefully stop the flow as best I could, and moved as quickly as possible to the bathroom, which was luckily not far away. I took a seat on the toilet without even bothering to pull down my already soaked panties, and as soon as I did, the rest of the contents of my bladder started gushing out in an almost orgasmic relief. Afterwards, I sat there for a few moments, reveling in the warm wetness of my completely soaked panties. The feeling was like pure bliss, and I clung to that high for as long as I could, as a more intense hold like that was exactly what I had needed. It's left me absolutely exhausted afterwards, but luckily, I have a full night's sleep ahead of me!

I just hope I won't have to wait too long for the next hold~

