Kindergarten Accident

Author: McLovin1

*000*2019-12-31 03:04

I had to use the bathroom really bad after lunch. Unfortunately, 2 others got in line for the bathroom before me, and the second kid was in there for an eternity. I kept thinking any second he would be done. At that point in life, I thought there was no way a 6 year old actually pees their pants, that there was nothing to worry about.

I dont remember much, but I just kept waiting for him to leave. I needed to go worse and worse, and could no longer st tand still. I kept bouncing up and down, thinking the bathroom would open up any second, but it never happened in time. I dont remember the exact details, but all I remember was not being able to hold it for a few seconds, enough for me to start peeing my pants. I just stood their upset and in shock about this, as I kept peeing. I remember standing there helpless, hearing pee run down to the floor and feeling my jeans and underwear become wetter by the second.

Eventually, i was able to stop, but not after my jeans were soaking wet. Then, to my anger 2 minutes later, the kid walks out of the bathroom, and I was able to finish, but it didn't help. I had to walk around In wet clothes the rest of the day. Then later, while on the computers, i had to pee again, and before i could think, i was having an accident a 2nd time, though less than the first. The wetness and weakened bladder must have made me give in quickly, as I peed for around 10 seconds, rewetting the areas that had began to dry. Unlike the first time, I had to walk by more people to get back to the bathroom. I couldn't wait for that day to end.

