One Beautiful Day

Author: Missypee

*000*2016-08-16 03:43

Last weekend I had the whole 2 days to myself, my partner was away at work and my BBF was also working a Sunday shift, so I wasn't really expecting visitors, what a perfect opportunity for a "no toilet day".

This gave me the freedom to enjoy my favourite fetish, wetting my pants !! I have a good stash of jeans carefully selected from the "Op shop " that I love to wet. So I made the house warm and comfy donned one of my pairs of "pee jeans" and panties then set about hydrating myself enough so I was busting. Then I just hold on till I wet my pants. I love the feeling of losing control, so to make my urgency sharper I drank as much coffee as I could enjoy then flushed it down with water.

I moved to the lounge with a water bottle, settled myself into my recliner chair and switched on the TV. I was so excited that my hands were trembling and the thought of pissing myself was making me really horny. I watched TV and almost impatiently waited as I sipped water for my bladder to fill to its bursting stage. Soon my urgency grew as the caffeine induced "niggle" was now becoming a more intense sexy pain. I wondered how far I could go with this little adventure given my state of arousal. Every part of my body now seemed to be aching for attention, I had to get myself off. Wetting my pants now seemed secondary to my urge to climax, although holding my wee was the primary driving force to my horniness.

I turned off the TV, my mindset was relief, I adjusted the seam of my jeans directly over my clit, then slid my bum gently down my chair so I could get just the right amount of pressure on my button. I closed my eyes then slipped my hands under my jumper and began to gently caress my boobs, my nipples were so hard. I squeezed them gently. I began to torture myself, totally ignoring my urgent need to pee . I locked my ankles and slowly rocked my bum in my jeans, my panties we saturated which only inflamed my need even further, maybe I had leaked some pee too.

From the far reaches of my mind I could feel a building wave of ecstasy, I began to rock my hips at a frantic pace inside my jeans. I wanted to cum !! I was now in a frenzied quest for orgasm . Little squirts of pee flooded my panties, I was almost there, I couldn't stand it any longer, I grabbed the waist band of my jeans and pulled them as hard as I could into my pussy. My whole body quivered and shook. I had the most violent urge to push followed by a huge gush of warmth . I screamed in pure relief, I had wet myself with the most spectacular climax I have had for months.

I sat panting in after glow and let my pee flow freely into my jeans then patter onto the floor. I stayed there until my jeans got cold before going to change and mop the floor . I had made a mess but it was so worth it.

The rest of my day was an anti climax, I was so relaxed, when the urge came to pee I just let it happen wherever I was, changed and did the same until I had gotten rid of all the excess fluid I had drunk . This was one night I wasn't going to bed without a diaper.

*008*2016-08-16 22:54

{{11 hours ago, theHindrew said:

Sounds like a lovely day. What makes your favorite wetting jeans different from just regular jeans? Apart from an apparently magic seam :)

}}

Its a quirky thing that I have, I like worn jeans that are so soft to wear, they have to be the right shade so the pee stain really stands out too

*010*2016-08-16 23:21

{{8 minutes ago, theHindrew said:

Ok, that makes sense. Do you need to be just the right tightness too? I find tighter jeans catch more of the wetting.

}}

Yes I always try them on and look for that perfect fit

*012*2016-08-18 05:42

{{On ‎17‎/‎08‎/‎2016 at 7:29 AM, theHindrew said:

I'm just going to assume the perfect fit means somewhere between tight and incredibly tight.

}}

Some are tighter than others

*016*2016-08-21 23:16

{{8 minutes ago, dampknickers said:

I have a quirky thing myself. I like giving all my jeans and underwear a trial wetting and I have my favorites to wet.

}}

I don't wet all of my jeans, but I don't have a pair of knickers that I haven't peed in, its sort of my way of "breaking them in "

