Florida Trip - Part 1

Author: Broham

*000*2017-04-03 02:45

I know I don't post often, but this is, in my mind, definitely worthy of being posted. Recently, during spring break, I went to Florida with my girlfriend. For the sake of privacy, we'll call her Brittney. Brittney is about 5'7, not the tallest, but not a shrimp, either. She has dark brown hair, down to about 4 inches past her shoulders. She also has a really weak bladder ;). She has an AMAZING body, and I'm not saying that just because she's my girlfriend; she really is beautiful, with a perfect slim body, and blemish-free skin, and a jocular personality. But, I'm rambling, so let's get on with the story.

It was spring break, and we were really happy to be out of college for a week. And what better place to go than iconic Florida; the beautiful weather, palm trees dotting the landscape, and sunny weather, as well as there being a beach on 3 sides. We'd planned on visiting multiple places during our trip, such as the beach, Disney Parks (which will come into play in the other parts), many shops, and more. As of this part, we were going to the beach. We had just dropped our stuff off at the hotel. It was located on a beach, so we woke up early to hunt for seashells and sand dollars. She undressed in the bedroom, and came out in a pretty, pink bikini, that highlighted her magnificent body. "You look amazing!" I said. "I knew that swimsuit would look nice on you." (Proper grammar tells me to change paragraphs every paragraph, but screw that. I'm not perfect.)

"You're just saying that," she grunted back, for she was still waking up. I noticed a squirm and slight hop while she talked, which got me excited. After some conversation, and a couple of cups of coffee, we decided it was time to start our search. "Let's go," I announced. I noticed she was heading to the bathroom, but she changed her direction as I said that. "Good idea," she agreed, with a slight curtsy. "There's rain in the forecast, anyway, so we should hurry." We headed out, and it began to cloud up. As we walked, we gathered a couple of shells and sea dollars, and I noticed that as she walked, she had an occasional skip, and this excited me. Finally she announced "I need to pee. I've needed to go all morning."

"Why didn't you go?" I teased. I knew exactly why. "Well-Idk. Let's keep looking." She brushed it off. A few droplets of rain had begun to fall, and I noticed some more signs of desperation: she was bouncing (her perfect breasts did as well ;)) and I heard an occasional whimper. The rain turned into a pour, and it was cold! If you've ever been to the beach during rain, you know how bad it hurts, like cold pins and needles. She stopped in her tracks, shaking, and held her crotch. "This rain is NOT helping!" We were about 25 minutes away from the hotel, so we decided to head back. After about 15 minutes of walking, she stopped and slowly squatted to the ground, shaking and shoving her fingers into her pussy. "Just go already!" I exclaimed. "No one is out here, and even if someone sees, they'll think it's rain."

For some reason that I'll NEVER understand, she said "No, I can make it." I thought to myself "YES!" for I'd never seen her this desperate before. After about 7 more minutes of walking, (for Brittney skipping) she stopped, squatted and whimpered. "Omg I have to pee sooooo bad!" She cried. She looked at me with a tear in her eye, and I was exhilarated. "Just go!" For some reason, she wanted me to block her, and idk why, but she pulled her bikini bottom (no pun intended) down, and exposed her beautiful pussy. I was mesmerized, and couldn't look away. "I can't go!" She yelled. By this point, the rain and wind created huge waves, and it was really loud.

"Hurry!" I replied. After another 10 seconds of not being able to go, she pulled her bottoms back up, and it left a nice cameltoe from the soaking rain. She noticed it, but had to go too bad, and didn't bother fixing it in her dilemma. We finally got back to our hotel, and her desperation became very obvious. Lucky for her, and elevator was already open in the lobby. I pressed the 5th floor button, and as it went up, she bounced and whispered "gotta pee gotta pee." It stopped on the 3rd floor, and as it did, the force jolted her, and she yelped and shoved her hands into her pussy.

Another family entered, so Brittney couldn't hold for the time being. I smiled at her, but a tear streamed down her face, and I kinda felt bad. When it reached the 5th floor, she ran to our room, but I had the key. As I opened the door (taking my time, of course, and ACCIDENTALLY hehe put the key card wrong twice), she squirmed, and cried "Hurry!!!" When I finally got it open, she sprinted inside, and slipped and fell on the carpet. She yelped, and as she got up, her legs crossed, a bit of pee leaked out. She stopped and held for 10 seconds, at this point crying. She finally started walking (more like waddling, with her hands in her crotch) again, and when she reached the cold tile floor, all was lost; she yelped, and pee cascaded through her perfect cameltoe, and she still had her legs crossed, as well as being bent over, holding. 

It streamed down her legs, and rolled into the seams of the tiles. It dripped off of her still futilly holding fingers, and made beautiful dripping sounds as they fell. She stood there for a good minute and a half before it finally stopped. She slowly crouched down and sat in her puddle, and buried her hands in her face. The whole time, I had been mesmerized, and when she finally looked at me, teary-eyed, I was snapped back into focus. "I'll get a towel," I suggested. When I came back, she was completely undressed, exposing her perfect breasts and dripping pussy. She blushed, for she'd never fully exposed herself to me. "Omg I'm so sorry!" She apologized. I'm not sure if she was apologizing for the mess, or being naked.

The next day, we went to a Disney Park, and more happened there. Hope you enjoyed! To be continued!

*005*2017-04-08 03:47

{{On 4/4/2017 at 5:38 PM, Ranpalan said:

I'm sure this is a great story, but being a wall of text it is entirely unreadable.

}}

Sorry! I completely forgot about paragraphs! I'll work on that next time.

