Extreme public desperation

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2017-02-18 06:41

So I've been a frequent visitor to this site for a while now and just haven't shared anything up until this point. But recently I had a experience that I thought would be worth sharing. Just for some background I am 19 years old, a male, and currently attend college. Also, this is my first time writing and would appreciate any and all feedback.

..............

As I mentioned before I currently am in college and on this particular day one of my classes was going on a trip to an NFL game. So with that we were set to leave early in the morning on the day of the trip. Now for some reason the night before I drank an unusual amount of water. I just remember being really thirsty and drinking water constantly throughout the night. It was honestly a miracle I didn't wet the bed that night but it all came back to haunt me anyway.

I remember realizing two things when I woke up on the day of the trip. First, I was late. I only had about fifteen minutes to get to the bus before it left. And secondly, I really really had to pee. I woke up with my hand in my crotch and my legs tightly crossed. Now I always have to pee extremely badly when I first wake up but this was different. I felt like I was about to explode. So I knew I had to get out of bed fast. I hopped out of bed and as soon as my feet hit the floor I leaked a little bit. I was now panicking because I knew, as anyone who lived in a dorm knows as well, that I had to go all the way down the hall to get to a bathroom. So I grabbed my toothbrush and busted out the door.

The second I left my room another spurt found its way out. So naturally I break into a full on pee dance right outside my door. Up until that point I didn't know if I remembered ever having to go that bad. So after a few seconds of composing myself I take off in a full on sprint to the bathroom. The whole time I was praying nobody else was around to see me. There I was a college student running down the hall holding his crotch and with a very noticeable wet spot due to me having nothing on but silver basketball shorts. Once I finally made it to the bathroom, I run to the closest stall and then absolutely let loose. I swear it was the most reliving piss I had ever had up until that point.

I am going to spoil the surprise and tell you that I did indeed make the bus after that(even though it was a photo finish) and continue with the story

.......

The bus ride was about an hour and a half to the game. Most of the first half or so went by rather uneventfully. With that said, apparently all the water I had drank the night before was still making its way through my bladder as I started to feel that nagging pain in my stomach. But I wasn't to worried about it because I figured we would be there soon enough and I could just pee when we got there. I just brushed the urge off and stared out the window. And after that it wasn't long before my eyes started to get heavy and I fell asleep.

When I woke up I relized that for the second time that day I had been woken up by my bladder. That nagging pain I felt before I dozed off had turned into full on desperation. My poor bladder was already full again. I instantly turned to my friend sitting next to me and asked how much longer we had before we got there. He responded with about 10 minutes which at that point was music to my ears. I only had to last 10 minutes before I could release all this pent up pee. Now if it had been a girl sitting next to me I may have showed my desperation a bit more and probably even mentioned that I had to pee as that is a turn on for me. But it being a guy next to me I decided to try and keep my situation hidden. So for the rest of the journey I subtly shifted my seating position and crossed my ankles.

By the time we arrived I definitely knew I was desperate. I was almost constantly fidgeting. The bus finally stopped and we all got off the bus. But it didn't take long for me to realize I wouldn't be peeing anytime soon. The bus had dropped us off at least a few blocks from the stadium that we were going too. I decided I would be better off walking towards the back class considering I was already feeling the need to grab myself. We started towards the stadium and with each step I could feel the vast amount of liquid in my stomach splash around. It wasn't even 11am at that point and this was already my second time being desperate for a bathroom. Only this time I was not awarded the luxury of a toilet nearby.

We finally made our way to the stadium and I somewhat had avoided making a fool of myself. I did catch the girl that was walking next to me look at me and smirk when I was left with no choice but to hold myself for a split second in order to avoid a leak. When we entered the stadium I was thrilled to see a bathroom nearby. I was just about to excuse myself and make a run for it when I heard: "Hello, my name is Lisa and I will be your guide today. We are running a bit behind so we are gonna have to get started right away. Please follow me."

I had completely forgotten about the tour. As part of the trip we were to be taken around and given a tour of the whole stadium. Immediately panic set in. I already had surpassed the level of desperation I experienced earlier that day and now I had to suffer through a tour of the whole stadium. I was past the point of being able to stand still and could barely contain myself from doing a full on pee dance at all times. If would have been obvious to anyone who paid enough attention that I was bursting to pee. Now I found myself blindly walking past relief and on a tour that I had no idea when it would end. I thought about asking somebody to let me go to a bathroom but I did not want to be the one to hold up the whole group. I couldn't have been the only one who had to pee but no one showed any signs at all nor did anybody else say anything about it. So I found myself blindly following everybody else all while on the verge of wetting myself in a stadium full of people.

I stayed around the back of the group. I would have usually enjoyed the tour a lot but at that moment I cared about nothing besides finally being able to relive myself. We passed countless bathrooms and I couldn't use any of them. No one made any mention of stopping. We walked right by each bathroom all while I was getting dangerously close to having a serious accident. At one point we stopped to look at one of the suites. As I stood there I was unable to stop myself from dancing on the spot and crossing my legs. 

I'm sure some of the group I was with was aware of my situation but did nothing to help me out. I felt alone. It was soon after that that I felt a huge spurt escape and leave a noticeable wet patch on my khakis. The khakis were required so it just figured the required pants were ones that would show every little drop of urine that escaped my throbbing bladder. I was left with no choice but to constantly have a hand over my crotch to both cover the rather large wet spot and also to hold myself which was needed quite often.

It was just when yet another spurt escaped and I was literally on the verge of tears that we arrived at our starting point and Lisa Informed us that we had completed our tour. Upon receiving that news we were told by our teacher that we had 20 minutes to grab some food and go our own ways before we had to meet back up. It wasn't two seconds after I heard those words before I took off. I ran straight towards the same bathrooms that I had passed before the tour even started. The same bathrooms I thought I needed so badly before the tour even began. 

As I sprinted towards the bathroom, weaving in and out of people, I leaked again and this time I couldn't stop it. I ran into the bathroom and went straight to the first stall I saw. I unzipped my pants and unleashed a waterfall. I experienced the most intense relief I had ever felt. I almost cried tears of relief after finally being able to release such a large amount of pee. I must have peed for a good minute. After I finished I cleaned up the best I could and then went back out and met up with the rest of the group. I told anybody who asked about the wet spot that it was water and for the most part I think they believed it. I also had a few people comment about me needing to pee but nothing major. It was a miracle that things didn't get a lot worse.

.....

So that was my experience and I hoped you enjoyed. Again, I would appreciate any feedback you find appropriate. Also, please let me know if anyone would be interested in hearing other personal experiences I've had.

