Unintentional accident yesterday

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-09-09 16:29

Soooooooo, yeah, i had a real accident yesterday that totally wasn't planned and even worse my mom and dad saw it.

Even since i started holding and wetting on purpose ive held it whenever i need to go until i get pretty desperate most of the time because it feels good even if i plan to go in a toilet. yesterday afternoon i was in classes and had to pee pretty bad because i'd been holding it since before lunch and it was almost 5:00 by then. i really needed to go a lot but kept my legs crossed and jiggled my foot in class and held it. i planned to be able to hold it until i got home after class so i could maybe wet myself in my bathroom so i wanted to hold it.

Anyway, class ended and i got in my car to drive home and traffic was just crazy! hardly moving at all. so i'm stuck sitting there trying to leave campus, one hand pressed against my crotch, begging traffic to move but it was going so slow. i thought about turning around and finding a bathroom on campus but decided to just keep holding hoping that once i got off campus i could drive faster. it took me like 30 minutes just to get out of the campus though and then it was still rush hour driving home but at least it was moving. by then though i knew i had waited too long and was almost in tears. i figured i could pull into a store and use a toilet there but before i could get to the store i felt a big leak and my butt turned wet and i stopped the flow but i could feel that my jeans were wet on the back and if i went into the store it would be obvious i had peed myself a little already. so i gave up on that idea and just kept driving home.

Of course i get stuck by stupid red lights and i start leaking some more, getting wetter and wetter, and then i just couldn't wait any more and about 5 minutes from my house i just couldn't hold it any more even though i wanted to because i didn't want to pee on my car seat. but i had not choice. it just came out and soaked my butt and thighs and puddled on the car seat between my legs and up the back of my jeans even almost to my belt. but it felt soooooooo good to let go. i couldnt help but rub with the hand already on my crotch and gave myself a great orgasm in seconds it was so exciting having an actual accident even if i hadn't wanted to.

But then reality set in and i remembere i was sitting in a soaked car seat in soaked jeans. i got home, grabbed my school bag, held it behind me to try to cover the wet stain some when i got out of the car and dashed inside the house. i was hoping i could sneak in to my room but my parents were both there between me and my room and i was stuck. i tried to cover the front wetness with my bag but my mom saw and asked if i was ok and i tried to play it off and go around them keeping my back away from them but my mom kept at me and i gave up and just dropped the bag and exposed my wet jeans and told them i got stuck in traffic and couldn't hold it and peed my pants.

Dad looked really embarrassed and left the room and mom walked with me down to my room with an arm around my shoulder telling me it was ok and that accidents happen and she's wet herself in traffic before, too. she told me to give her my wet stuff and she'd wash it for me and waited at my bathroom door while i stripped down, handed her the clothes around the door, and then i took a shower. when i got out of the shower and dried off and changed my mom was outside with apolstery cleaner wiping down my car seat to get the pee smell out of it, which was nice. it still totally sucked that they saw and knew and it is a little awkward around my dad and me.

But my car at least doesnt smell like pee now. and last night in bed i thought back over the accident and had to rub myself off again thinking about it. it sucked getting caught by my parents but having a real accident instead of on purpose was pretty cool, not being able to control it, it felt totally different and exciting than when i let go on purose when i plan to wet. is it possible to force youself into have real accidents for fun?

*004*2011-09-12 19:14

I guess it is true that once you are into this sort of thing any "accident" is really just mental. this time i really didn't want to wet myself so when it happened it was truly on accident and unwanted at the time. but i guess if i were desperate and bursting and didn't care and just kept waiting until it came out it would still be on purpose even if i lost body control and couldnt stop it. makes sense. either way, i still think it would be cool to have a real accident again sometime.

