Chore holding challenge

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-04-27 18:08

I've been doing minor house chores lately, but never fully completed cleaning my full apartment. I was in a lack of motivation to clean properly, so I decided to make a holding game about it to boost my interest to actually get something finally done.

I gave myself 20 minutes to fully clean my kitchen. If I fail, I'd be drinking 2dl of water, but if I succeed, I'll grant toilet break for myself in case I'm too desperate to continue. First 20 minutes went fast and the kitchen wasn't even near completed. I drank 2dl of water and gave myself another 20 minutes. It wasn't enough either, so I drank another 2dl. Now I needed to pee. I started the timer again with another 20 minutes. At some point, I noticed that I was kinda desperate. It was fun that I hadn't even drank more than 4dl and I still needed to pee this bad. It would have been absurd to wet already in my first room, so I really wanted to succeed this time. I have never been so willing to vacuum and mop my floor than I was now. I did my best as fast as I could and I finished with 5 minutes left in the timer. Toilet break was granted!

Living room was my next operation. I decided to start with 20 minutes again, but once again, I failed. (Drank 2dl.) I still needed to vacuum and mop. Last time it took about ten minutes, so I put 10 minutes in the timer and kept going. It was more work than I thought; I finished vacuuming just in time, but I wasn't able to mop. It meant another 2dl of water again for me and another ten minutes for mopping and putting stuff back to their places. It wasn't enough, so I had to drink again. There wasn't much to do anymore, I needed only to put carpet back and water the plants and all would be done. "5 minutes is enough for those", I thought. Surprise, surprise! I was wrong. I filled my glass again and was feeling super desperate. My plan wasn't to wet yet, so I miserably needed to succeed my next task, which was my bedroom.

I started the timer with 20 minutes and started to work quickly. After I had done all but mopped, I needed to change my mopping water, because it was too dirty to use anymore. It was hard to hold while listening to the water flowing into the bucket. It was like the water had been whispering to my bladder "It's okay to pee, just do it already". It felt like eternity. I tried to mop super fast, but still well. There was few minutes left, when I started to leak. I squeezed my legs together and tried to regain my control. I finished mopping, put stuff back to their places, timer rang. I was leaking again. I started to run towards the bathroom thinking "Nooo! Not yet, I have still so much to do". I couldn't stop the stream anymore, but it was so slow that not much damage was done to my pants before I managed to get to the toilet. My panties wer a bit wet, but my jeans not at all. I sat to the toilet and felt free to finally pee.

Now I gave 15 minutes for myself to do some random stuff, like taking the bins out. I also made some coffee.

After that, I continued my chores with hallway. I decided that I should get everything done in 25 minutes. I filled my mug of 4dl with coffee and started my new challenge. I had drank whole mug after 15-20 minutes and I needed to start vacuuming. There was only 5 minutes left, so I knew already that I will be failing. I vacuumed the room, timer rang and I went to drink my 2dl of water. I don't know how on earth, but I was again really desperate.

I was already almost leaking when I started to mop the floor. There wasn't much left, when I felt my bladder giving up a bit and warm, wet spurt in my pants. I bit my lip and tried to finish the mopping before full catastrophe. Didn't want to mop the floor again because of my bladder. I felt the spurt again, but this time it was bigger. I released the mop from my hands. I ran towards the bathroom, which was only few steps away from me. My bladder gave up at the door and I jumped to the shower space. The pee came so fast out of me and with so big pressure that my legs looked like a fountain.

I wish I could have recorded that, but it happened so fast that I couldn't even think about getting my phone. ._.

*002*2016-04-27 22:51

{{ 

That's one way to up the excitement factor on a boring task. The only issue is once you get desperate, let's face it, either you let go or you won't get any real work done. Great story!

}}

Yeah. I did this the way, it was possible to use the bathroom few times. If I had wet already at my first task, I would probably have dropped my whole inspiration. You see, I stopped the cleaning after the wetting happened.

*005*2016-04-27 23:06

{{ 

I was more alluding to the fact that it's almost impossible to get anything done when you're desperate - at least I find I have the attention span of a goldfish once that happens. Even doing something lazy like watching Netflix is more a background track to my bladder's insistence, nevermind something that requires physical and mental exertion. But anyway, smart strategy.

}}

Yeah, I understood your point, wanted to add another view to it, too. But yes, I agree, it's really hard to concentrate on anything while desperate. I've noticed this too often in my everyday life. I play a lot online games that cannot be paused and I have this habit of drinking all the time, so I am often desperate and unable to use the toilet and I just end up dying in my games, because I cannot focus enough.

