Completely accidental and hidden public desperation

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2017-07-31 06:22

For someone who has been into omorashi for my whole life I really don't have as many real life experiences as I should. I think that's due to a mixture of never knowing anybody else into it (I've tried and tried and have never once encountered any female into it and I don't talk about it with males) and also always peeing when I have a chance. I'm very selective about who I allow myself to be desperate around as being desperate around someone who isn't into it or makes it weird is honestly just a huge turn off. I also only get a sexual thrill from females knowing or seeing me desperate so naturally I tend to avoid public desperation as there is no way I can choose who I encounter. However, I recently had a lapse of judgement and ended up very very desperate in a situation where I didn't want to be. If anybody needs a mental image I am 20 years old and male. Brown hair and I was wearing a t-shirt with a pair of black basketball shorts.

I recently went on vacation with my mom, dad, and brother. And on one particular evening we were to go on a boat ride. Well, that day started with a very lengthy shopping trip thanks to my mom who loves to shop. While I was tagging along my mom in some local stores I felt my bladder fill up much more quickly than usual. I usually can go quite some time between pees but on this day It was different. It was about 3 when I first really started to look for a toilet. I had last went at around 1 on that day but since then I had been through both a water bottle and a Red Bull. I looked around each store we went into and none seemed to have a public bathroom.

Finally, we walked into a little donut shop and I saw a bathroom located off to the side. I tried not to seem too excited about a toilet around my family so I put in my order and then casually walked around the corner to the bathroom and my heart Instantly dropped when I saw a "employees only" sign on it. I thought about asking if I could still use it but decided I could hold it until I could go somewhere else. Also, not tying to raise any suspicion I drank another rather large water bottle as I was also pretty thirsty.

My need didn't really bother me for a while. We went to dinner and I even allowed myself to drink two cokes. It was close to 7 when we finished eating dinner. It had been 6 hours since my last bathroom visit and I definitely had to go. When we got up to leave the restaurant I started searching for the men's room and spotted it. After excusing myself from my family, I went to the bathroom only to find it locked. I instantly started thinking of the many omorashi stories I had read with this exact premise. It seemed so ironic. This was a very small Mexican restaurant so apparently they only had one private bathroom for each sex. I stood waiting for it to open up and felt just how full my bladder was. It was like once I stood up it all hit at once. I hopped a little from foot to foot and allowed myself to give my dick a good squeeze for the first time.

I was staring to be desperate and it was completely by accident. Meanwhile, the women's room was wide open and I even debated using that for a second but decided against it. I didn't know what was going on in that men's room but I just wanted to pee and soon because my family was waiting for me and we needed to leave for the boat ride soon. The very attractive waitress we had just had serving us walked right by me and into the women's room. I was jealous that she got to relieve herself and I couldn't. But at the same time this whole situation didn't bring me some excitement as my basketball shorts made it hard to hide my ever growing erection. After the waitress left looking quite relieved and there was still no sign of the men's room becoming free, I left to meet my family.

I should have known better than to think the boat takeoff point would have bathrooms. The car ride over had left me very very desperate. As we got into the boat and listened to the many safety precautions, I could hardly sit still. Everyone else had went to pee at the restaurant but for some reason I saved my trip to the end and then that turned into a fiasco. It was a small boat so there was just my family, a middle aged couple with three young son, and a group of also middle aged women who were quite obviously drunk before even coming onto the boat.

There apparently was a toilet on the boat but they really discouraged us from asking to use it as the captain even said it was a "hastle". The group of drunk women said out loud that they were happy they took care of such matters beforehand. I was again very jealous. Once I was informed it was a hour and a half ride I felt like crying. My stomach felt like there was a balloon in it. And I felt too old to be going through this accidentally. I usually made sure this type of thing didn't happen by accident. I had put off by need and then ran into some bad luck. It wasn't fair.

About twenty minutes into the ride I was at about a 9 out of 10. In fact, I honestly don't remember being that desperate in public ever besides maybe one or two other times(that I wrote about as well by the way). Needless to say, being surrounded by water and heating all that splashing wasn't helping. I wanted nothing more than to pull my dick out and piss off the side of that boat but I couldn't. I sat for the majority of that ride with my ankles crossed and my hands on my theighs. I really couldn't grab my dick or move around too much as that would give my situation away and I couldn't have handled that embarrassment honestly. It just wasn't a crowd I wanted to be desperate around. Yes, I was excited sexually and had to constanly hide an erection but that was because of my simply holding but I still really didn't want to be exposed at that moment.

As we were pulling into the boat dock I thought I had officially made it. But they just took FOREVER! They would not dock the damn boat and suddenly i lost a leak. Thanfully I think my black pants hid it and I was able to use sheer will power to stop it but I wasn't now at 10. I was going crazy. It had been 8 hours and a whole day since my last pee. I now had wet underwear and theighs. On the way out of the boat, I didn't care who saw me and allowed myself to grab my dick and god did that feel good. There I was a 20 year old man literally about to pee all over myself.

We got in the car to go home and I was still too scared to speak up. I hated myself for it too but I just couldn't tell anybody I had to pee. It was dark so I could shift position and even grabbed my dick again a few times. I was sweating and shaking with desperation. I didn't think I was gonna make it back to the hotel and probably wouldn't have but then something finally went my way. My dad announced we needed gas and asked if anyone would go in to pay for him. Naturally I pounced on that opportunity and took the money and tried to walk into the gas station without walking too weird. Another really really long leak shot out on my way in and I honestly could have cried my bladder hurt so bad. I was also now really wet but none could be seen thankfully.

I got in and speed walked straight to the back where I saw the bathrooms were. Thank god it was a rather large bathroom so I didn't have to wait at all despite a few other guys in there. I ran straight to the first stall I saw and pulled my dick out. I swear I peed for a solid two minutes. It was probably the longest pee of my life. My eyes even watered up due to the relief. Even with all that I am really sure no one caught on to my ordeal.

...

Thank you for reading and also I would really appreciate some feedback as I haven't written a lot of real life experiences. There were definitely aspects of the hold that I enjoyed but overall didn't get too much out of it as I couldn't share it with anyone else at the time. With that said, throughout the whole experience I knew I was going to share it on here? I still will probably not plan any holds unless I can actually share it with people other than my family.

*002*2017-07-31 16:57

{{9 hours ago, Luna said:

Loved your story, especially the build up.

I can't believe you actually made it, totally thought the leaks would have done your bladder in.

}}

It was nothing short of a miracle that I made it. I will never know how I didn't lose it especially considering how bad I had to go.

*006*2017-08-05 18:16

{{16 hours ago, crazycatgirl3 said:

Omg this is one of the hottest storys i have ever read!

}}

Thank you! Glad you enjoyed

*008*2017-08-06 00:36

{{5 hours ago, miss_mimi said:

I really enjoyed read your story!!! it's very hot

So nobody had noticed your wet pant?

}}

No one ever said anything so I don't think they noticed. The leaks were pretty long too so I got lucky.

*010*2017-08-06 01:39

{{48 minutes ago, miss_mimi said:

Wow nice

How you hide your wet pants when you come back to the hotel?

}}

I literally had to just hide them at the bottom of my bag until we left the next day

