I just wet myself in my sleep!

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2016-10-19 18:17

Hi everybody! KozmoFox here....And something just happened to me that doesn't really happen to me. I'm actually rather startled and worried.

This isn't going to be a long one, as its not some extended tale of desperation. This was a very sudden incident and I'm not entirely sure why it happened...it was about 20 minutes ago, from me writing this.

Description phase? Sure why not.

You know me, average height, slender and skinny to the point its not even healthy (I've been in the like 100 poundarino area for a long time), pale enough to blind people in the wintertime, etc. Hairs no longer really black, I've been getting it to more brownish but with the dye tinkering I've done its almost like, an autumn brown-red now. Seasonal! Also not as long as it used to be, but still long. Today I was just wearing a Punisher T-Shirt, some simple jeans (with my skull and crossbones belt-buckle to go with the shirt), these are the only relevant pieces unless you somehow care about my maroon letterman jacket that I had outside.

I went to uni today, tired as all hell. I've been having a bit of a stressful time as of late, so I haven't gotten much sleep. Life things, on top of mid-termy things, I'm just kind of dead a lot of the time, you know? Life is being shit, I have no desire to go into why, you just need to know how bloody tired I was and still am. Attended my classes, rode home, grabbed some McDonalds on the way back to reward myself for my A I got on one of my papers that was passed back today, ate it in the car, and drove the rest of the way home. 

I woke up really late because sleeping difficulties, so no breakfast, not even a drink before I left the house, so I tore into my angus combo and root beer like I had just crossed a desert. Got home, got in the house, greeted my many doggos, put my stuff down. I went into the living room, laid down on the couch, haphazardly pulled a blanket over myself and instantly poofed into lala land while my dogs positioned themselves around me. Didn't even have the energy to come upstairs to my room, I just crashed right there and then.

You see, the issue arose when I woke up.

I woke up, and I was rapidly feeling warm and damp, and still horribly exhausted. Knowing the feeling well however, I realized I was completely peeing my pants while laying right there. My first instinct wasn't to try and stop it, I just rolled off the couch (taking one of the dogs with me) and stood up, in shock. The wetspot on the couch wasn't TOO bad, but the crotch and ass of my jeans were SOAKED, some of my shirt too, thank god the majority of it was caught by my pants. I might have woken up the second my body let go out of instinct? I have no bloody idea. Like I said, I'm still really worried.

Alas, I had laundry to do anyway and I'm home alone for like the next two days, so I just let go the rest of it where I was standing, I was too damn tired to care. I just peed what was likely only my root beer into my jeans, and watched it rapidly darken everywhere it touched until it pooled on the floor. Of course, me being me, I grew to enjoy every second of it, but simultaneously was still too tired to care about said enjoyment.

I stripped off, threw on some underwear and a big T-shirt, gathered my laundry (now includiing todays wet clothes), let my dog out, sprayed the couch and wiped it down, and now I'm in my room typing this.

All I had was a root beer I don't understaaaaaaand v.v

Wah.

Anywho, there's my day so far. Sorry its not as juicy as my other experiences but its both interesting and worrying to me, and I felt some of you would like it anyway.

Have a great day everyone xx I need to go let my dog in because typing about it just reminded me she's still outside.~

*007*2016-10-20 18:45

I would very much prefer that not to happen.

