First accidental pants wetting from a hold

Author: Mackennamarie

*000*2017-05-05 09:30

Yesterday I woke up with my bladder feeling about half-full, nothing urgent but I could feel a small amount of pressure. I was feeling rather aroused at the time and decided that it would be fun to do a hold. I still live at home and knew that my mom and my brother would be out of the house in about an hour and a half to two hours, so I figured I would start right away because it usually takes a while. I got up, went into the kitchen and grabbed two bottles of water to take back to my room. I spent the next half an hour drinking them, not overdoing it but taking my time. I finished all of the water besides half of the second one and laid back down.

I spent the next half an hour or so on my phone, playing games and scrolling through Facebook and felt a small twinges in my bladder. I rubbed my hand against it and could feel it bulging, but I still didn't really feel the urge. I went back to my games and about ten minutes later, sat up to finish my water. Siting up was a little harder I realized, as it pushed on my bladder and made me need to squirm for a second or two. As soon as I got back in bed, the wave of pressure went away and I knew I'd be alright until everyone left. I still had about an hour left to wait and was only at about a 4/10, so I wasn't too worried.

The next forty minutes were spent doing the same thing I was doing before, just laying in bed distracting myself with social media and watching TV. I could feel my bladder filling and occasionally would hold my hand between my legs or squirm a bit to fight off the urge, which would work for another five minutes or so until another one hit. One of my family members had left, and the other was due to leave in about twenty, and at the time I figured I'd still be holding for quite a while after they left.

All of a sudden I heard the dogs barking and got up to go see what was the matter (just the wind, of course), and when I stood up I felt the pressure intensify times ten. I stood still, bouncing up and down a few seconds, trying to will away the urge until it was time. I have a really hard time letting go accidentally but still was nervous about being caught, so before leaving my room I opened a maxi-pad and put it in my underwear just for a little backup protection, then throwing on a pair of thicker pair of yoga pants on top.

Knowing I could leak a little without getting caught seemed to make the need worse, and I had to stand there and dance around a little more before I left my room. As I walked down the hallway, my bladder felt overly-heavy and I felt as though I couldn't stand up straight as I walked. The dogs were now under control and I stood in the kitchen, hearing my family member enter the bathroom. At that point I knew I'd have to continue holding now way, and was starting to get worried at how quickly the pressure was building. 

With about fifteen minutes left, I decided to take a risk and have another half of a glass of water, light a cigarette and stand in the kitchen until I could finally let go. Over the next ten minutes, my need shot up to a 9 out of 10, my bladder was spasming and I felt like I was on the verge of leaking any second. I knew I had to wait and could barely contain the pressure, so I decided to try to let just a little bit out into the maxi pad so I could hold on just a little longer.

I spread my legs and released the hold on my bladder for just a moment and immediately started peeing. I was somehow able to stop it after about three seconds, but at this point I was frantic. Still alone in the kitchen, I danced from foot to foot with my hand between my legs, unsure if I could even make it to the bathroom when I was alone. I tried standing still and crossing my legs, pushing my hand into my crotch as hard as I could, but my frantic potty dance seemed to be the only way to keep it in. I finally heard steps emerging from the bathroom and knew that I couldn't show my desperation in front of anyone, so I quickly tried to make myself stand still. My mother entered the kitchen to grab her lunch and leave for work as I stood there as still as possible, feeling the pee right on the edge of escaping. It took all of the strength in my body to hold back and even with my muscles clenched, I felt a small leak escape and then another one a few seconds afterwards.

I was absolutely panicking inside, sure I was about to accidentally let go right there. It was one of the first times I've ever gotten so desperate that I've leaked involuntarily, and had no idea what to expect. As she said goodbye and shut the door, I immediately put both hands between my legs and danced in place, knowing I still had to get back to the bathroom to avoid an accident. I planned on releasing in the shower after taking my clothes off, as it's hard to hide the evidence when you live with other people. My breathing was shallow and I felt like I couldn't move, but still had to walk a little ways down the hallway, get my pants off and hop in the shower.

I slowly started walking, slightly bent over at the waist and my bladder pulsing harder every second. I made it about half way back the hallway before I felt another leak, immediately followed by two more small ones. The pad was soaked at this point and I felt tears in my eyes at the thought of not wanting to pee my pants. I couldn't think straight at this point and stopped, trying to squirm and dance to keep it under control. Despite my attempts, i felt a few dribbles escape every three or four seconds and knew I had to have a wet spot on my pants by now.

I was running out of time and at my absolute limit as I forced myself to walk into the bathroom, my bladder forcing out little squirts of pee with every other step. I sighed with relief as I finally entered the bathroom and quickly shut the door. The thought of being in the bathroom and seeing the toilet right in front of me seemed to set my bladder off further and I can't explain in words how frantically i was squirming and dancing, trying to figure out how to get my pants off. I removed one of my hands from my crotch to start pulling them down and felt a huge gush escape my bladder, making an obvious wet spot on the sides of my thighs. A few seconds later another huge gush lasting three to four seconds and at this point, even though I was finally in the bathroom and ready, I was actually peeing my pants.

I clenched my muscles as hard as I could, but could only stop the flow for about two seconds before it would start again. The shower was right across the bathroom but I literally couldn't take another step, still trying to stop myself from peeing. My legs felt grounded to the floor and my body tensed up as long spurts kept forcing their way out. Finally after my last attempt to clench my muscles it happened, the small spurt turned into a thick stream and I began peeing full force where I stood, nothing could stop it. I knew there was nothing I could do and relaxed as the pee gushed out of me fast enough that I could actually hear the sound of the stream, soaking my pants and the floor. I peed for about probably a little over a minute until my bladder was empty and I realized what had happened. I managed to clean everything up and go undetected, but it was the closest call and the first genuine accident I had in my pants after years of doing holds.

