Desperate Graduate Trainee (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2019-08-24 15:49

This is a true experience that took place a couple of years ago, when I had just started my very first job after graduating university. I was assigned to a major project being run in the company’s UK head office, which was around a 2 hour drive from where I lived, but could take longer depending on traffic. On my first day on the project I woke up early at 5am, used the bathroom and had a shower, wanting to set off early to avoid being caught in the morning rush hour traffic. 

Wanting to impress my new work colleagues I decided to dress professionally, in a light blue fitted shirt (sleeves rolled up because it was a warm day), slim fit grey suit trousers, black CK boxers, black socks and a pair of smart black shoes. I was quite tired after getting up so early, so I drank two very large mugs of tea to help wake me up. I had a little bit of preparation work to do before leaving and was quite thirsty, so as well as the tea I ended up drinking a couple of large pint glasses of water as I worked (around 1 litre in total).

I left my house a short time after 7am, a bit later than I planned to, and not long after setting off I wished I'd had one last pee before leaving because I could feel my bladder starting to fill up after all the tea and water I’d drank earlier. After around half an hour in the car I was making steady progress, but now had to fidget around a bit in my seat as I was really starting to need a piss quite urgently, my bladder rapidly becoming fuller, firmer and more uncomfortable as the minutes passed.

After another half an hour I started to hit really bad morning rush hour traffic as I reached the outskirts of the town where the head office was located, and by this point I was absolutely dying to go for a piss, desperately hoping I would find somewhere convenient to stop so I could run to the gents and relieve myself. I squirmed in my seat and tapped my thigh as the traffic crawled along, occasionally reaching down to squeeze myself through my trousers as I looked around desperately for somewhere suitable to stop.

After a few minutes crawling along in slow moving traffic I saw a petrol station up ahead and decided to pull in and take an urgently-needed toilet break. I parked up and hurried inside, quickly looked around but couldn’t find the toilets anywhere. I asked the woman on the till, who told me apologetically that they didn’t have any toilets for customers. I tried to hide my disappointment as I bobbed on the spot and stepped from foot to foot, asking her if she would possibly let me use the staff toilet really quickly. 

Although she was very sympathetic (I think she could tell that I was bursting to go), she explained that she wasn’t allowed to let customers through to the staff room where the staff toilet was located. I said that was fair enough and thanked her anyway, and she gave me a sympathetic look and said "I’m really sorry, hope you find somewhere". I returned to my car and gave myself another squeeze through my trousers, leaning forward and moaning under my breath, then set off again towards the office.

After another half an hour or so spent sitting in agonisingly slow stop-start traffic, squirming and bending forwards in my seat, jiggling my thighs, fanning them in and out and squeezing my cock tightly with one hand as I worked the pedals, I was now really close to the office. I still hadn’t found anywhere to stop and use the gents, and by this point I was so incredibly desperate to urinate that I was in real danger of completely soaking my trousers and car seat if I didn’t find somewhere to relieve myself very, very soon. The problem was that my sat nav had directed me to a quiet residential street and told me that I had reached my destination, but I could see no sign of the back entrance to the office car park that I was looking for. I pulled over and looked at my phone to try and find the correct route, bouncing my legs frantically and holding myself with my other hand.

“Oh God I need a piss” I muttered to myself as I checked my phone, which also seemed to indicate that I was very close to the entrance. I sighed in frustration and got out of the car, and just for a second I was seriously considering relieving myself quickly against one of my wheels, or into a clump of nearby bushes, just for a few seconds to release a tiny amount of the relentless pressure on my bladder, but there were far too many houses around and I was worried about being seen. As discreetly as I could, I undid the clasp of my trousers and pulled down the zip slightly, trying to give my very full bladder a bit more room.

I walked up the road, trying not to jolt my bladder around too much, hoping to find the entrance to the car park (or somewhere discreet enough for a very quick pee), but I couldn’t see it anywhere. I went back to my car, standing facing the door as I looked for a different address for the office on my phone, crossing my legs and reaching down to give my cock a nice, hard squeeze for a few seconds through my trousers. "Ohh I really need to go" I sighed to myself. I was really, really tempted to pull down my zipper just a little bit more and relieve myself discretely for a moment against one of the tyres on my car, just a quick spurt of pee, but I noticed somebody walking in my direction from further up the road, and I was sure that she would see me.

I had found the address for the main entrance to the office so I got back into the car and put this into my sat nav, which told me that the office was located at the far end of a nearby business park. I sighed in frustration, squeezed myself again and set off quickly, hoping to get there before I soaked my car seat (and my suit trousers) with a waterfall of piss. It was now just after 9am and the traffic at this time was really bad, so it was another 15 or 20 minutes before I eventually battled through queues of cars to find the entrance to the business park and drive as quickly as possible to find the office. 

Eventually I saw the office building up ahead and found the main car park entrance, and I joined the queue of around 4 cars waiting to get through the security barrier. As I pulled up to the back of the queue and concentrated on remembering my employee ID number, I felt a few drops of pee dribble out into my boxers. I swore and immediately reached down to hold myself, loosening my seatbelt which was tight across my rock solid bladder. "Oh come on, come on, come on I need a PISS"’ I moaned out loud, leaning forwards in my seat and unzipping my trousers further before squeezing myself hard, tapping my thigh in frustration with my other hand. My boxers felt damp against my penis and I knew that I didn’t have much longer before I lost control.

It took another couple of precious minutes to get through the barrier and find a parking space. With every short delay, I was getting closer and closer to losing control of my bladder and soaking myself. I had to tense my thighs and grit my teeth as my car went over the speed bumps in the car park, making me moan out loud as my full-to-the-brim bladder was jolted and shaken around. By the time I had finally parked up I had lost another few dribbles of pee into my already damp boxers. "Fuck I’m gonna piss myself" I moaned under my breath, holding and squeezing with one hand as I shut the engine off. Relief was so close now, I just had to hang on for a few more frantic minutes until I’d made it across the car park, signed in at the reception desk and then found the nearest toilet.

I stepped out of the car and jiggled on the spot as I zipped up my trousers and re-fastened the clasp, sucking in air through my teeth as my bulging bladder was pressed snugly and firmly against the waistband. I was so, so incredibly desperate to piss, absolutely frantic to relieve myself. The urge to relax my muscles and piss into my trousers right there next to my car was almost unbearable. 

Again, I was seriously considering trying to pee discretely next to my car, just for a couple of seconds to relieve some of the agonising pressure, but as soon as I started to loosen my zip a woman pulled into a parking space very close by. I blushed, turning towards my car and opening the passenger door to grab my laptop bag, quickly zipping my trousers back up. She smiled at me and we exchanged a friendly "Good morning!" as she walked past, her high heels clicking on the ground. It was no good, there were too many people around and far too risky to try and piss where I was, I had no choice but to clamp my muscles tightly and last for just a few more minutes.

I walked into the office as quickly as possible without jiggling my bladder too much, desperately trying not to wet myself. As I walked, I felt a leak of piss dribble into my boxers then slowly trickle down one of my thighs. I reached down and squeezed myself again before quickly letting go. "Come on, come on, not long now, just hold on" I thought to myself, willing my bladder to contain the ocean of piss inside until I found a toilet. I glanced down, but despite all the leaks I didn’t notice a wet spot on my grey suit trousers.

Entering through the doors, I looked around the huge reception area, impressed at the size and architecture of the building but also disappointed that I couldn’t see a toilet. I hoped I’d be able to find one further inside after I’d signed in. There were two receptionists sitting at the large round wooden desk, one of them was talking to the woman who I’d just seen in the car park, and the other receptionist was free. Lucky really, there was absolutely no way that I could possibly stand still and wait in a queue at reception even for a couple of minutes without losing the battle with my bladder. I walked over to the receptionist, a very friendly and attractive blonde lady in her 30s, and told her my name, explaining where I was normally based and why I was visiting the office, trying to keep my voice steady and not dance around on the spot too much. 

I showed her my work ID card and she handed me a form to collect some details. I jiggled up and down a bit as I wrote down my information, stepping from foot to foot and occasionally crossing my legs while bobbing on the spot, squeezing my thighs together. I absolutely could not stand still anymore and the only thing on my mind was reaching a toilet before I wet myself. It was probably really obvious to anyone looking at me that I was bursting for a pee but I was almost past caring at that point. I just really, really, really needed to find the gents before I had a very embarrassing accident and made a puddle in the reception area.

As I finished writing my car registration number down on the form I lost control again just for a moment, a longer spurt this time, with more dribbles of warm piss escaping my bladder and trickling gradually down my leg towards my sock. I sighed quietly under my breath and placed the completed form and pen down on the reception desk, bending forwards slightly and pressing my clenched fist against my crotch just for a moment before straightening up and stepping from foot to foot again. 

I couldn’t believe that I was starting to wet myself in the lobby of head office, right there in front of the receptionist. I glanced at my watch. It was now almost 9:30am. I crossed my legs again and bent forwards slightly, placing my hand in my pocket to hold my leaking cock. I thought back to when I had last pissed, at 5am that morning, which was really only a few hours ago but felt like absolutely ages. My boxers felt soaking wet with pee and I was sure that a small wet spot must have appeared on my trousers, but I didn’t dare look.

The receptionist glanced up and took the finished form, thanked me and asked me to hold on a moment while she activated my visitor’s pass, which would allow me to get into the main office area. She asked me if I’d had a long drive, and I nodded. “Yeah, just under two and a half hours, traffic was a nightmare” I said breathlessly as I shifted my weight from foot to foot, still holding myself through my pocket, trying (and failing) not to let on that I was about to piss myself in front of her. 

She laughed and told me “Oh it's always bad on that route, there’s not really anywhere to stop for a loo break either” she said, giving me a knowing smile. I blushed, wondering if she’d noticed how badly I needed to pee. I had to wait for a few more vital seconds as she finished activating my pass on her computer, expecting to lose control at any moment, squeezing my soaking wet cock as hard as I could through my pocket. My muscles felt weak, fatigued by holding a painfully full bladder for so long, and I actually couldn’t believe I was still holding on. I had never been so close to wetting myself in public before, but was determined to hold out until I’d finally reached a toilet. Relief was so, so close now.

"All done, here’s your pass, do you want me to call someone to collect you?" she asked, smiling at me as she held out the visitor’s pass. "No that’s OK thanks, I’ll find the way" I said quickly. The last thing I wanted was for my new colleagues to see me in this state, desperate to piss and with soon to be soaking wet trousers. She smiled at me and said "OK!", and I thanked her and began to turn around and head for the doors to the main office before turning back quickly, my cheeks already blushing at what I was about to ask. "Actually, sorry, erm, where abouts are the toilets?" I asked shyly, keeping my voice quiet, jiggling on the spot.

She smiled at me again and replied "Use your pass to go through the revolving doors over there on the left hand side, go through another set of doors which again you’ll need to use your pass to get through, then go through the door immediately to your left after that second set of doors and you’ll see a long corridor, then you’ll find the toilets at the very far end on the left hand side. There’s also more upstairs on the upper floors" she said quickly, clearly well rehearsed in instructing visitors where to find the toilets. Then, noticing my slight hesitation (I’d already forgotten half the steps, far too desperate to concentrate) she asked "Would you like me to show you the way?"

"Yeah, please, thank you so much" I said gratefully, yet again having to cross my legs and bob on the spot, bending forwards slightly. She turned to the other receptionist, who was in the middle of signing in the woman I’d said Good Morning to."Back in a sec, I’m just leaving the desk for a moment so I can show this young man where the toilets are" she said, and the other receptionist laughed and said OK, glancing at me and smiling, as did the woman she was signing in. My cheeks went even redder as by now it was probably fairly obvious to everybody in the reception area that I was absolutely bursting for the toilet, but I just couldn't hide it. If I tried to stand still or stop fidgeting around I'd almost certainly piss myself, which would obviously be far more embarrassing.

The receptionist left the desk and we walked quickly towards the doors, her heels tapping sharply on the wooden floors. I think she sensed my urgency and didn’t want to delay me any further. She showed me how to swipe my pass to get through the revolving security doors, and then took me through the second set of doors."‘Just down here, walk all the way to the end and you'll see the door to the gents on your left hand side" she said politely as she opened yet another door, leading to a long, quiet corridor. I thanked her breathlessly as I stepped through the door, another dribble of wee escaping into my boxers, barely holding onto my bladder now that relief was only moments away. "You’re welcome" she said warmly, smiling at me again before turning to head back to reception.

I rushed down the long corridor towards the toilets, walking so quickly that I was almost jogging, reaching down to hold myself again as I felt another long spurt of piss teasing its way down my leg, shortly followed by another. "Fuck I’m pissing, I can’t hold it, it’s coming out" I moaned softly, and as I closed in on the door to the gents I started to unbuckle my belt and open the clasp of my waistband in fierce anticipation. I slammed the door open, another long leak trickling into my very wet boxers, and was pleased to see that nobody else was in there. There was a single toilet cubicle directly in front of me, a sink to my left and a single urinal on the wall at the back. Not breaking stride, I strode into the cubicle, my belt already unbuckled and the waistband of my trousers opened, and turned around to slam the door closed behind me. 

I bounced frantically as I fiddled with the lock, feeling yet another jet of piss burst out into my boxers and dribble warmly down my thighs, before whipping round and struggling to unzip my trousers. In my haste, the zip had got caught in the material, so I had to slowly ease it free before unzipping them the rest of the way. As I fiddled around desperately with the zip, standing there bouncing in desperation right in front of the toilet, I swore under my breath as I felt my muscles finally give up the fight against the ocean inside me. I started peeing forcefully into my boxers, unable to hold back for a moment longer, and a couple of seconds later I finally managed to unzip myself and hurriedly pull out my cock which was still peeing freely, accidentally spraying piss all around the toilet before pointing my stream down into the water.

The sound of my wee splashing forcefully against the water immediately filled the small bathroom, and my bladder was so painfully full that it took a good few seconds of very forceful pissing before I eventually started to feel like I was emptying it. I moaned out loud as I noisily relieved my bursting, bulging, throbbing bladder, my strong stream going on and on with no signs of slowing down, and the feeling of releasing the pressure was just so good. I had been absolutely aching and longing to piss for hours and I couldn’t quite believe that I had made it without completely wetting myself. I hadn’t made it completely dry though, as even as the piss continued to stream out of me with force into the water below, I could feel how soaked my boxers were against my skin and how damp the legs of my trousers had become. I could actually feel trickles of warm pee still moving down my legs and slowly soaking into my socks.

I’m sure I was pissing hard for over a minute before I felt my stream eventually lose some pressure, continuing for another minute or so into a slow trickle. I pushed out a few more final spurts and sighed loudly as I finally finished my massive pee. Relief! The feeling was almost too good to put into words. I looked down to check my boxers and trousers. The entire front of my boxers was completely drenched, absolutely sopping wet with piss. Thankfully though, my trousers weren’t too bad. There was a small damp patch just visible on the crotch, a only a couple of noticeable darker streaks on my inner thighs. Thankfully my boxers had done a very good job of absorbing most of the leaks and spurts, and I was glad that I had chosen to wear darker grey suit trousers rather than a lighter shade.

I used toilet paper to dab my boxers and trousers dry as best I could, then a few more minutes using the powerful hand dryer by the sink, standing on my tiptoes so that the hot air reached my crotch (listening carefully for any footsteps coming down the corridor). Luckily nobody else came in, and despite my boxers still feeling damp and a very faint darker patch just about visible on the crotch of my trousers, I managed to get myself pretty much dry. Just before I left the bathroom I noticed that I actually really needed to piss again, so I relieved myself into the urinal. I was peeing for a surprisingly long time and I wondered if my bladder had been so full earlier that I hadn’t been able to empty it completely. Eventually, I washed and dried my hands and left the bathroom, my bladder still aching slightly from holding so much, but happy and relieved that I had just about managed to avoid a very public wetting accident at work.

*001*2019-08-24 16:01

Here are some bonus desperation pictures which are slightly more recent. I was absolutely bursting to piss in every one of these pictures so hopefully they help to illustrate the experience above

$$

*005*2019-08-25 17:59

{{18 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Oh goodness the detail in that was incredible. loved every minute of reading that and I wasn’t sure if you would make it at all. Then those hit photos! Wow. Thank you so much for writing this! I so wish I worked at that reception to have seen you!

}}

Thanks so much, I really tried to focus on the detail for this one. I really didn't think I would make it at the time either! Genuinely thought I would wet myself before finding the gents. If you were the receptionist I wonder if you'd be tempted to take me to the toilets all the way at the far end of the office, or maybe up on the top floor which would have meant a very desperate ride up in the lift!

{{14 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Loved the detail of how desperate you were over such a long period- did you think that you were probably not going to make it towards the end? Great pics too

}}

After I'd found the car park and parked up I'd already leaked several times and genuinely thought I'd have a full-on wetting accident either right there in the car, or while waiting at reception. I'm glad there were 2 receptionists working because if I'd had to wait my turn I'm pretty sure I would have lost control.

{{19 hours ago, swe11up said:

Excellent story, well told. I could really feel your desperation

}}

Thank you, I actually wrote this while fidgeting in my chair bursting to go, so I tried to convey some of those feelings!

*008*2019-09-02 18:12

{{On 8/31/2019 at 1:59 AM, OmoTrashI said:

This is utterly fantastic, thank you for sharing

}}

{{On 8/31/2019 at 6:21 PM, twj731 said:

Amazingly told story!!

}}

Thanks, it took me a long time to write it so I appreciate the comments, thanks again.

