Wetting on Skype

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2016-06-06 22:47

Yo, so a number of people liked my stories about Grasen, and I thought I'd share another one. No, not about Grasen this time, sorry everyone. I'll save it for another time. But this is about a girl named Molly.

I had met this girl Molly on the internet back some time ago, and we became friends. She lived about 40 minutes away from me, in another state, which is pretty much how we became friends (she had went to a neighboring school as mine, but she moved to another state). We would Skype every so often with each other. I can say she's one of the prettiest girls I've ever seen before, prettier than Grasen, to be honest.

To describe her- long, straight, brown hair. Not skin and bones, but not chubby. Probably, I would say, weight: like 115 or 120 lbs. Height, I'm not really sure because I've never actually stood next to her (considering we're 40 minutes away from each other.) I've seen how her ass looks on camera, and it's impressive.

So we were Skyping one day, just normally. She was wearing tight, light blue, faded skinny jeans, and a black shirt. She said how she was home alone with her sister. We were Skyping for a while, and at one point, she said, "Hey, I'll be right back. I gotta pee."

"Okay," I said. She brought her phone with her, outside of her bathroom. She put it down on a shelf, when she told me she'd be back. She tried opening the door, but couldn't, as it was locked. Molly knocked, and her sister replied, "I'm in the bathroom right now," which Molly asked when she would be out. "I'm not sure! I'm using the bathroom right now, and I need to get ready because I'm going out later, so you'll have to wait for a while," her sister replied.

"Hannah, I need to pee, I'll only be a minute. Can you please just let me in?"

"No! You can wait!" Hannah replied.

Molly grabbed her phone, looking annoyed. She went back into her room.

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yeah, I guess. I've been needing to pee all day at school today, and I just got home, and I still haven't gone at all today. Like I need to pee really bad, and Hannah always takes forever."

While she was ranting, I noticed Molly crossed her legs and leaned forward. "I just hate the feeling when you haven't gone all day and you just need to let it all out," she continued.

We continued chatting some more. About 20 minutes later, Molly stood up. "Oh my god, Hannah!" she shouted across rooms. "Are you almost out?"

"No! I'm about to put on my makeup and get dressed for tonight!" Hannah replied. "I'm still getting ready!" Molly walked out of her room. Molly says, "Can you please just step out! I'm literally about to piss all over myself any second now, and you're gonna be the one to clean up the mess!" Hannah ignored Molly. Molly came back into her room and sat back down. "Oh my god, Hannah can be such a bitch sometimes. I'm literally about to piss any second now. Like I can't piss myself, that's so gross." [ehhhh to some people maybe, but to cool people, it's hot]

So to keep her mind on the fact about her need to pee, I kept the topic going. "Well when was the last time you actually peed your pants before?" I asked.

"Oh, I don't know. It was recent, but between you and me, I actually wet the bed once. I'll tell you about it later, I wanna get my mind off of this or my bladder might explode," Molly replied, distracted, staring at the bathroom door from inside her room.

So I teased her. "Drip, drip, drip," I said. And I grabbed a water bottle and started drinking it to annoy her. "Stahhhp I'm seriously about to piss everywhere in two seconds," she said. "And Hannah's gonna clean the mess, too!" She shouted so her sister could hear.

"Give me 2 minutes!" Hannah called back.

"Oooohhhh, I don't have two minutes...." Molly complained to me. She stood up, and quickly alternated her legs to cross. She would keep her left leg in front for about a second, then swtich legs, and she would keep doing that. We sat in silence for about a minute, as Molly tucked her arm under her crotch and pulled her arm up, to take the pressure off. Finally, she moans.

"Ooohhh....I'm literally starting to pee on myself," she whined desperately. She ran out of her room, leaning forward as she clung on to her crotch for dear life, failing. "Hannah! Get out now! I'm wetting my pants!" I heard Hannah say something, but I couldn't hear as Molly started sobbing. She finally just gave up, and let go of her crotch, and soaked her light blue skinny jeans. I could only see her backside, where I saw a dark spot grow into a huge mess. It spread mostly to one side of her ass and legs, dripping rapidly onto her carpet. About a minute of her peeing went by, and she finished. Meanwhile, throughout all of this, she was crying and yelling at Hannah. Molly came back to her phone, and just ended the call there.

I won't bore you with what happened with the conversation between us. But yeah, as always, thanks for reading, and if anyone wants to chat in the messages, I'm always open to reading what you guys have to say! Thanks!

*002*2016-06-07 19:41

{{10 hours ago, theweeman said:

Sounds really hot again mate!

Did you ever hear about her other accidents or let her know of your interests?

}}

Thanks for the comment! And she's told me of a few and I did witness another wetting on Skype but I wanna save that story for another time. I haven't let her know of my interests however

*005*2016-06-08 19:00

{{2 hours ago, Earth Shock said:

Did you talk about it later and ask if she was better?

}}

Yeah, i skyped her back a minute after what happened. she said she had to clean up the mess, and fast, because her parents were coming home soon, so she just kept me in the call as she cleaned up. but she was like really upset about it all though but i comforted her

