Desperate Close Call While Shopping

Author: Khlomo

*000*2016-10-24 09:12

This happened to me today and it was the closest I've come in a little while to really wetting myself...I think I may have a UTI, which will make for an interesting week at work. I'll keep y'all updated ;-)

Anyway...

Hubby and I were having afternoon tea with my mother-in-law and I was feeling ok, but hot. It's humid here at the moment, and I really feel it. I'd had a whole bottle of lemon, lime and bitters and another glass of water on top of it, trying to get on top of the heat. When we left, I wasn't feeling too bad. Maybe a little bit like I could use a pit stop, but not enough to use the toilet at my MILs house. So we said our goodbyes and left, we had some shopping to do at the mall.

On the way there, I noticed that my bladder was pinching a little more than I realised, but didn't think too much on it. The mall we were going to is really spread out, and some of it over the other side of the road. The side we were going to isn't the side with bathrooms. This thought passed through my mind, but only briefly. I figured we wouldn't be long, and I wasn't feeling desperate at this point in any case.

That is, until we got out of the car. MMMmm, feeling a bit more full than I realised as I walked into the shop, a large department store. I was surprised at how quickly I'd filled up, because not 10mins prior, I'd felt fine leaving my MILs house. We started wandering around, and hubby was taking his time. I noticed him start going down an aisle that had nothing to do with what we were there for, and felt a twinge of anxiety- he was showing no signs of getting in and out in a hurry!

I made my own way to what I wanted to look at, and my bladder was filling at a rapid pace. I started getting that shaky, sweaty feeling as I found myself having to consciously clench my muscles. Looking around, trying to look natural, when I found myself alone in the aisle I tried to do a low-key leg cross to keep control. I could feel my heart starting to race, this wasn't good!

I decided to find my husband. Maybe if we could get our stuff quickly and go, I'd be fine.

Finding him proved to be a bit harder, as it was a rather large department store. I finally found him and I realised I wasn't going to be able to hold this unless we got out of there. Right. Now.

So I tried, as casually as possible, to tell my husband that we should go over the road to the other part of the mall, that this store didn't have what I wanted. He was fine with this, but painfully didn't understand the urgency and stopped another 5 or 6 times before we left the store to show me things that caught his fancy! I was tossing up whether to tell him I was bursting for a wee or not, as it seemed silly that I passed up a perfectly good bathroom stop not so long before.

So we finally made it outside and I was breathlessly holding on. Getting in the car was better than I thought, I was really dreading it but sitting down seemed to help a little. What didn't help were the 4 speed bumps we had to go over to get out of the car park! Trying my best to stay casual and make sure my hubby didn't catch on, I snuck my foot underneath me and tried to make light conversation.

Slooowly, we made our way to the lights and then across the road to the other part of the mall. Finding a park was our next problem, as it was a public holiday today and it so super busy. I saw the place I needed to go in tantalisingly close as we pulled away from it trying to find a spare spot. I was switching between deep breaths and holding my breath, as too deep a breath and I felt like I was going to lose control. But holding my breath made me dizzy and I couldn't afford to fall over when I got out of the car!

Finally we found a spot and I eased myself off my foot. Clenching in preparation, I lifted myself up. A tiny drop slipped out and I could feel it sit for second inside of my panties before soaking in. I opened my door and held my breath as a pushed myself up and out of the door. I looked down at my jeans. Yep, it was definitely going to show if I lost control. Tight, blue skinny jeans don't hide much!

I was so close to the shop. Walking as naturally as I could with my thighs together, I walked quickly towards the shop. There were so many people around, I had to duck around a couple of people. One person I missed, however, and I rammed into her trolly as she came around a pillar just outside the entrance. A large spurt escaped and I could feel it start to trickle down my leg ever so slightly. I couldn't dare to look down, I forced myself to re-clench and raced inside. "I'm just going to pop to the loo", I told my husband.

I could see the toilets sign posted not 20 metres away and my muscles gave a groan with how close relief was.

I darted inside and thankfully there was an empty stall. I was home and clear! All except one thing. I forgot that my jeans have two buttons! The first was fine, but I opened that one and tried to pull my jeans down. Of course they didn't come, because of the second button. I tried to open the second button as another large spurt escaped. Fumbling like you do only when that close to relief, I finally got both buttons undone, zip down, and sat down. The full force of all the liquid that had been pushing on my muscles escaped, hot and strong, straight through my panties. I couldn't get them down fast enough. The warmth filled the material first before draining and felt so hot, it was a moment before I could think about anything else.

I peeled off my jeans and took off my now soaked through panties. I tossed them in the bin and pulled my jeans back up, feeling the slight dampness my earlier leak had caused. The denim felt amazing on my bare skin, and made for a much more enjoyable conclusion to my shopping trip!

