International boat desperation

Author: coloradowet

*000*2020-07-25 13:02

Just wanted to share this pre-pandemic, long story of a great desperation I saw while in costa rica. hope you enjoy.

My lady and I were fortunate to have had the opportunity to go to costa rica for the the Christmas /new year holiday. Absolutely beautiful place! Loved the people, the wildlife and their eagerness to protect nature. wish we had more of that in the world.

We got tickets to go snorkeling at this island, I guess its one of the best places to snorkel/scuba in the world. We saw sooo many fish and creatures, it was truly a highlight of the trip.

We had to take an almost 2 hour boat ride out to the place and had to drive to a pretty rural town to get on the “tour”. we got our tickets and were told, “use the restroom before you go out because there isn’t anything besides the sea until we get there.” We left with about 10 other people and the guides through mangrove forest until we hit the sea about 45 minutes later. we saw so much wildlife on the way, 2 scarlet macaws were my highlight.

I hadn’t really paid attention to anyone on the boat until we got into open waters as i was too enthralled by the natural beauty. Once we hit open ocean though, I looked around at the other voyagers. Some families, some seasoned travelers and one other couple who sat in the middle benches. The woman was quit beautiful, in a red swimsuit with a red “pj booty” short type thing on.

The open ocean was a tad choppy as there was a far out storm making the ride quit bumpy. I had noticed this lovely woman was kind of sitting in an awkward position, looking quit uncomfortable. I figured she was getting sea sick which would have been unfortunate as the island was still a long way away. we stopped a few times to check out some dolphins and notice her squirm every time we did. It was then I started suspecting she might have to pee.

I noticed her talking to her boyfriend whom gave a “really?” kind of glance to her and motioned towards the side of the boat. she shook her head affirming “NO!” We were a long way off so I knew this was going to be interesting and I had front row tickets. For the next hour she was grabbing her crotch and squirming around. I could tell she was quit shy with her predicament because she did her best to hide it. But with a professional eye like mine;-) I could tell she was in a tight spot. I could only imagine the waves, like a speed bump every 10 seconds, must have been torture.

By the time we were nearing the island, I was kinda surprised she hadn’t pissed herself! With the show she was giving, surrounded by water, she had determination that’s for sure. We made it to our first snorkeling spot and were scrambling to strap on gear and figured that was the end to that story and the beginning of an adventure with the fishes. We jumped boat and saw parrot fish in the dozens, puffer fish, sea turtles, all sorts of life!!! it was a little bit of sensory overload with how beautiful it all was!

Our first trip was about an hour until we all got back on the boat and had planned to go to the beach after that to get some food before we go out again. I was one of the last ones back on the boat and the sensation of being in the ocean face submerged to a wobbly boat is very disorienting. I managed to get back to my seat starry eyed from what I had just saw and started looking around.

I was taken aback when i noticed this same desperate woman with dry hair! Figure she had jumped in and took care of her business like you do when you’r out at sea. She had taken her “pj booty” shorts off and had put a sarong around herself, she was looking very uncomfortable. I felt bad for her. She was not comfortable at all nor was she comfortable peeing anywhere besides a toilet. I assume she must have wet herself a little bit when we were in the water as she had her booty shorts off. I didn’t see any wet spot on them, but it looked like she was holding them to the sun to dry.

We got to the beach, our guide told us the rules and were the restrooms are and our timing to meet up. they backed up the boat to let us off and the very moment they gave us the go-ahead to abandon ship, this now sarong cladded beauty was the first to line up. which was impressive because she was on the opposite side of the ship. she jumped ship real quick!!!

I figured this would be the last of this omo treat and my lady and I found log to sit on and eat. I looked over to the ranger station and saw this woman talking to one of the rangers dancing frantically. Clearly she was asking them were the restroom was as one of them pointed away from the station. She took off running grabbing her crotch. I noticed a sign that said bathroom with a arrow pointing down a trail. She must of missed it in her frantic state because she ran right past it down the beach. she was really dancing at this point, grabbing herself constantly and bending over looking around for her relief to no avail.

She finally asked another group of people who pointed back towards the sign and took off again grabbing her pussy. Alas! she found the trail and disappeared into the jungle.

It was the longest, most frantic pee dance I have ever seen! It was a real treat on top of exploring the tropical waters of costa rica.

Their was one last thing to note too, once we were done eating, we had decided to walk down that trail as well as it is also a hiking trail into the forest. I had figured that as soon as we gotten on the trail that the restrooms would be near by. I was wrong, they were up the mountain a good bit, like a 5 -10 minute hike up a steep and muddy path. I could only imagine her dismay at the realization of this!

I imagine she wet herself because of how frantic she was, luckily for her, we all had bathing suits on.

Anyway, we got back on and went snorkeling some more and this time she got to enjoy the waters.

