My boyfriend let me touch him while he wets his boxers! Yum!

Author: AliceWetting

*000*2021-08-04 16:41

*some nudity* (boobies)

So the other night, me and my bf had some pee fun and we filmed a video of me wetting myself all over his lap in bed which felt amazing!!

Naturally I was super horny after this, we were still chilling in the wet bed, I really wanted to watch him wet himself too. His boxers were already soaked from my full bladder that I released all over him earlier. So after I asked, he let me feel him and touch him as he slowly wet his boxers. Of course I wanted him to film it too as I love watching our naughty videos when I'm horny I feel lucky to have a supportive partner who indulges my kinky fantasies like this ❤

Heres a few screenshots

Any other girls (or guys) love feeling a guy wet himself like this? It always makes me feel excited when I feel the pee slowly trickle out thought his boxers and my fingers when he's hard like that. Yum!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

Heres the video for anyone who wants to watch

%https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph6107a83ddb372

*004*2021-08-07 22:51

{{On 8/4/2021 at 6:04 PM, PrincessInTheP said:

I have never been into guys peeing themselves sexually but you may have just converted me, Sis. Bravo! Damn

}}

Hehe thank you, I hadnt really experimented with it all that often before, mostly it was just me enjoying wetting myself on him, but posting on here made us more confident with eachother and now I get to enjoy him doing a little more wetting with me. It feels super hot, ngl.

{{On 8/5/2021 at 2:48 AM, dwp said:

Wow, what a lucky guy. I would love it if my girl played with me while I wet my shorts.

}}

Aww thank you! He definitely enjoys it a lot who wouldn't love the feeling of totally wetting themselves at the hands of their partner... ❤

*005*2021-08-07 22:58

{{On 8/6/2021 at 3:45 PM, peelion said:

But it would be an impossible dream to find a girl who has this taste!

To be in a relationship with someone who shares the same fantasies as you what happiness it must be

(I'm jealous XD)

}}

I wouldn't say impossible, but yes most general girls are not into wetting/peeplay, but once they find out how hot it can be (and feel) they can learn to enjoy it or end up loving it sometimes.

My female freind doesnt have a pee fetish, but seems to enjoy seeing me wet myself for fun outdoors.

I think if your a fun, good person, most people would be happy to at least try some kinks to please their partner seeing how much it turns them on.

Absolutely I agree! Honestly, it's so exciting thinking up and trying new naughty ways to wet myself with him and act out some taboo fantasies

*010*2021-10-15 20:45

{{On 10/12/2021 at 9:47 AM, PeeViking said:

I absolutely love how you touch him. I need this in my life.

}}

Sorry for the late reply, I've had a little break from posting

Aww its really fun watching him slowly wet his boxers while I tease him, literally red hot to me

{{On 8/8/2021 at 12:32 AM, peelion said:

"taboo fantasies"

A subject that interests me! but let's dig a little deeper into the subject

What are we talking about, different clothes, different places?

What would be your ideas?

}}

I think mostly have one of our sexy female friends join us and have a sexy wet night of sobe drinks, and sone kinky pee fun together

