The Etchyfox personal experience thread

Author: EtchyFox

*000*2019-03-08 05:07

Hiya friends! A few people have asked me to put my experiences in one thread and update from time to time so here goes. I will type them out as the inspiration hits me so be patient and enjoy the show!

Almost made it at LARP.

As some of you know I am an avid Larper! It is simply one of my favorite hobbies and something I indulge in any chance I get. I have many MANY stories from this, but I think the one that comes to mind most was when I was 23 and in college. I had just invested in a new costume and was very upset that it was simply way too large for me. Now I didn't have this odd thing called money to spend so I had to make this work.

I ended up turning this exceptionally large pair of wrap pants into a sort of tied together toga romper that looked really cool and ended up suiting the character quite well to boot! Anyways, this thing looked really cool but was a pain to take off and put on. Like a 15 min process each time. There was also no way to pull it down or up as it wrapped around each leg tightly so naturally having to pee was a challenge. Now for those that larp you know that this is already a challenge when you are out killing orcs and finding magic gems and shit.. well I put off going to the bathroom before a module (story section for the layman) despite already being wiggly, believing in my iron clad bladder.

Well about half way through the wholesale murder of a multitude of kobolds I was full on dancing. The character was a little uncivilized and cutesy kiddish so I played it off but fuck me I had to pee. I ran off holding myself into the woods and started trying to peel this fabric prison off myself enough to tinkle. Well as you can imagine it was not entirely successful. I started leaking as I was undoing a knot and full on peeing a few seconds later. I had enough off I was able to yank a flap aside to get the outer wear out of the way, but alas my panties took one for the team. I squatted there in the woods peeing my panties for a good minute before I stopped. I ended up having to go back to my cabin and change panties. All in all it could have been worse...but still very embarrassing to hide peed in panties in a cabin full of people. Good times...

Let me know in the comments if you want to hear more of my experiences!

*005*2019-03-09 04:35

Yay! Thanks for the support!

I think today I will tell you about the last time I had a little accident in the car!

So there i was, having been on the road for about an hour on the way south for a conference. I was selected by my company to attend and represent so I had to be there very early. I got up at around 4 am and of course chugged like 3 coffees to even be functional. Wouldn't you know it, but they went right through me. 30 min into the drive I had to go and an hour in I was all but leaking. I was driving on the highway so I could not move my feet or legs so I had a hand buried in my crotch. That was the worst part. Holding myself does nothing for me! I was wearing slacks and a blouse with a shawl at the time. I knew I was getting close to the bursting point, but I had a time I needed to be there...decisions....

Believing my bladder stronger than it was I traveled onward downtown to the convention center. 5 min from the center I knew I could not make it. I had seconds to find a way to pee before I didn't have a choice. With nowhere to pull over downtown i had to shimmy my pants down and ended up spurting violently on the seat, soaking my panties in the process. I managed to hold most of it and made it to the center. Wiggling and dancing I stumbled my way in, leaking every few seconds. I barely made it into the stall before bursting. Tbh i was peeing before i sat down and had a little to mop up

0///////0

Anyways I went commando for the rest of the con ,which was blessedly uneventful. My fiance got a kick out of it though so there is that I guess. I didn't because it was almost a disaster. Kind of a turn on in hindsight though...

*006*2019-03-13 02:48

Hello again! Feeling a little inspired so I thought I would share another story with you all!

This happened about two years ago when my fiance and I went across country for Christmas. First off we love to travel together. We are both super creative minded people and we love to get in a car or on a plane and just start brainstorming ideas for new games or plots or whatnot. It is our favorite kind of date! Anyways we got to the airport, psyched for the ride and had already started in on it. Not to mention we saw someone playing a computer game we liked and started rooting him on while we waited. All of this preflight business led to me forgetting my preflight tinkle. Not a big deal, I could just go on the plane.

About 2 hours later we are talking and I was starting to wiggle. I confided the fact that I was at an 8 to my fiance and he laughed, telling me it would be fun to hold it. I was wearing a little skirt at the time so I was not too worried about it and was feeling a little naughty so I agreed. We talked for roughly another hour before I got desperate. I had a blanket over me where I was crossing and uncrossing my legs and holding myself. For those who have read my other threads you know that this does nothing for me and was purely aesthetic for my fiance, who was greatly enjoying the show. I told him of course that the show was unfortunatly over at this point or else we would have to dig out new panties. He laughed and waved me off. I looked around to see if there was an empty stall and as the omo gods would will it none were.

I was starting to get worried as I really didn't want to piddle my seat. Wiggles turned to squirms and squirms turned to dribbles over the next few minutes. Finally one came open and I dashed In. Now i don't know how many of you have tried to sit on a plane toilet, but they are tiny and gross. I did my best to pull my undies down and hover but that ended up being harder than I thought. The stream started of it's own will and shot straight into my panties. Blessed relief! After a second of aiming I completed the wee successfully, but when I pulled my panties back up the whole butt was wet.

I got back to my seat and put the blanket back over myself looking embarrassed. My fiance looked at me expectantly and I grabbed his hand and showed him what I was embarrassed about.

Fun experience overall but a little uncomfortable until we landed.

Let me know if you guys are still enjoying these!

*008*2019-03-18 19:23

Hiya~

It has been a little bit so I thought I would post another story for you all!

This happened the last time I played Dnd (Dungeons and Dragons)

I recently moved cross country for my job and had to leave behind simply the best group of people I have ever known. Of course I was weepy and refused to lose contact so we setup a weekly dnd game over something called roll20 (basically specialized and upgraded discord).

We all had our webcams and comfy clothes on and LOTS of coffee/drinks. My fiance, the DM, was in the other room so our mics did not interfere with each other.

Personally I was wearing these super soft and comfy floral pants with a nightshirt at the time.

So we get going and everyone is super excited to be playing and we are all munching and sipping. I had been at work late that day and was a little burnt so I was chugging coffee. By the one hour mark I had to pee.

It wasn't too bad and I figured a break was coming up anyways.

Another hour goes by and I am wiggling in my seat. To the others it looked like I was just excited. I was about at a 9/10 at this point. I kept trying to catch my fiance's eye through the webcam, but that is really hard to do.

30 more minutes go by and I am crossing and uncrossing my legs. We were in the middle of a fight now and I am way too shy to get up and go. Something exciting happened and we all cheered. Mine cut off quickly as I leaked. Bad. I was so excited that I forgot to keep holding it for a second and full on pissed for a good second. I paniced and started PMing my fiance to pause for me, but I was saved by one of the other players asking for a break.

I LITERALLY ran to the bathroom, which was in the same room as my fiance. I jumped on the toilet, barely got my pants down and peed for like a minute straight. About halfway through I noticed my fiance cackling from the other room. I had forgotten to close the door in my panic. He thought the whole thing was highly amusing and yeah...it kinda was. I was only a little wet (relatively) and in a really good mood so I didn't change and went back to playing much relieved.

