Pre & Post workout

Author: KAQSW

*000*2022-07-20 16:04

So I decided to get a workout in at home today and figured I could do a hold with more privacy/freedom than in public and that the more I drank the more I’d have to Piss by time I was done. I was already a little desperate by time I started and felt some twinges in my bladder like I would wet mid workout. Once I was done however, I headed straight to the bathroom and it was basically over from there. Barely about to get my shorts off before just letting everything go in my boxers. It felt glorious to let go after holding for what felt like all morning.

Pics are from before and well… just after haha

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2022-07-20 18:06

{{1 hour ago, HereToStay said:

Hehe…I did the same recently. But I didn’t make it through the whole workout. Or at least I didn’t want to . I think I posted the result under the wet grey thread.

}}

Just found the post, you sure didn’t but sometimes that’s even better. I definitely would’ve welcomed the flood if I just couldn’t wait any longer. But I think my body realized I was done and said “ok you need to piss now even if it’s in your pants”

*005*2022-07-21 16:55

{{19 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Hehe ya, it was really good. But no worries, I didn’t make a huge mess in the gym. Was just me feeling a bit naughty rather than desperate.

}}

Well that’s good and still naughty If I’ve ever left a public gym wet it’s been done in a stall and I make sure I’m not dripping. But it’s still a rush and close to embarrassing saying bye to people knowing I’ve got pissy underwear on under my clothes.

*006*2022-07-21 17:01

{{21 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

I recall a post on a bodybuilder site from a fellow who complained that he often has to pee so bad during a workout that he comes close to peeing himself before he gets to the toilet. And another who complained that after a workout he sometimes unexpectedly has to pee on the way home and barely makes it. I think a well hydrated person might generate a lot of urine while (or immediately after) working out.

}}

I can 100% see that. If I’ve been drinking a lot during a workout it has a similar affect to alcohol when “breaking the seal” to the point I’m needing to go quite frequently and urgently even after I’m done. I can see this being an “issue” if you’re not into Omo especially if you keep drinking after your first pee and have a longer ride back from the gym. On the other hand it is giving my ideas for new ways to wet/have an “accident”

*008*2022-07-23 04:42

{{On 7/21/2022 at 1:08 PM, PLEASEpleaseno said:

When working out running, jumping, weights make me leak now matter what. I have tight pelvic floor problems so I can’t control my muscles well. It’s embrassing but I know other women have similar issues. I embrace my wet spot now! Lol

}}

I’m glad you’ve been able to embrace. Urinary Stress incontinence is quite common especially for women. I can imagine it’s something to get used to but if you can be comfortable with it, Rock on. Idk if I’m quite there to be fully pee-stained mid-workout haha

