Our Password " Fail "

Author: Missypee

*000*2017-03-21 11:45

The fullness in my tummy was trying to remind me that I needed to go to the bathroom, but I ignored it and kept shopping. I had time to enjoy the gorgeous sexy feeling of needing to go and the naughtiest thought that I might wait too long and fill my panties. Oh the mere idea of being so naughty made me tingle and I was sure I was getting a little damp "down there" !

I didn't have to pick my partner up from the airport for three hours, so I was planning to amble home, avoid going to the bathroom and wait till it was too late and have the messiest accident. I was just in the mood !!

I had finished shopping and began to make my way to my car. Feeling adventurous I was half in the mood to do it then and there, it would have been so easy, but I managed to hold on at least till I packed my shopping into my car.

I had left my phone on the charger, and as I stared my car for maybe the messiest journey home, I checked my messages out of sheer habit.

Oh one from Matt.................... " Sel been bumped to an earlier flight, due in at three, can you come and pick me up ? "

I checked the time OMG.......... I had less than an hour,

I thought about going back to the shopping centre, but I didn't have time, oh I should have checked my phone earlier. Now I was in a mini panic, not wanting to be late.

I started out for home, my focus now was on NOT pooping my pants and now to make matters worse ................. I had to pee !!

Every light seemed to turn red just as I needed them to be green, I found myself quietly cursing my bad luck with the stop light gods. Every stop now was a ritual of pushing my hand deep into my crotch, as I attempted to gain more time with my impatient bladder, but instead I only seem to make myself a little more horny.

Oh how good it would be just to let go and feel that soft sexy sensation magically fill my panties or that that sexy warm flood around my bum and my lulu as my pee burst from me. But as much as I wanted to let go, the reality of having an accident now would be disastrous.

I renewed my survival focus, no messy pants girl !! get a grip. My partner was coming home, oh no sex for a month is Soooooooooo frustrating. Mmmmmmm my mind drifted ............... we so hot for it once we did it in the airport.

I smiled to myself, the mood I'm in ............ Ohhhhhhhhhhh I could be up for that again, go home change my jeans for a pair of cut offs of course forget to wear underwear .

The more I thought about it the more turned on I became, but first to get home without peeing or pooping my pants.

Finally I rolled into our driveway, I pressed the remote for the garage door. Oh why do these things work so slowly .

I parked my car, gingerly got out of the car crossed my legs as a last gasp to clench everything together before my mad dash to the loo. I approached the door, bobbing frantically as I searched my bag for the allusive key. Oh one false move and I'm cleaning my panties !! I found my key jiggled it in the lock with trembling fingers as I felt the first warm squirt of pee dampen my knickers.

I opened the door .................. standing in the way was my partner, he had set me up !!!

He had caught a lift home with one of his mates and wanted to surprise me. I squealed with delight, hugged him momentarily forgetting my situation.

My urgency rebounded savagely....................." I have to go !! " I went to rush to the bathroom. The moment I said it I realised my fatal mistake. Matt is always willing to satisfy my addiction to wetting my pants especially being denied access to the bathroom. He grabbed me and started tickling me, in an effort to get me to wet my pants. I fought for breath, laughing uncontrollably, I tried to remember our "safe word" ......................... Too Late !!!

The warming flood around my bum and lulu told me I was wetting myself, but worse was still to come, my belly laugh was too much for my pretty " flower" to maintain its once strained control . I felt it come, I felt my panties sag, it spread to places forbidden !! OMG ............... I just pooped my pants !!

Matt either heard it or smelt it !!, He stopped tickling, the colour drained from his face, he gained a shocked look, one like " I just made my partner Sh*t her pants !!

I stood frozen, tears welled in my eyes.

Our sexy moment was lost .............................. Matt mumbled something about " being in so much trouble " walked out jumped in his truck and left .

I was stunned, I had just pooped my pants in front of my guy !! I was shaking, excited, but oh so guilty. My guy had left thinking he was in trouble and I did nothing to stop him. I felt like such a bitch.

I waddled to the toilet, I was wet to my knees, I felt my backside, my wish had come true in the most embarrassing way. I had completely pooped my pants. Strangely I still felt so turned on. Undoing my top button I just had to explore. Mmmmmmmmm I had been making "silk" I couldn't waste the moment. I gently , slowly and deliberately slid my hand down till I found my button . It took my breath away, I stood rubbing and trembling until my body rocked and quivered . I panted in after glow, gathered my thoughts ................. all guilty ones !!

My poor guy !! how selfish, my guilty pleasure now feeling so dishonest. I cleaned up, showered and was about to ring to apologise for messing myself . I heard a knock on the door, it opened slowly, first a beautiful bunch of flowers. Then peering around the side Matt the terrible !! He was so apologetic, I hugged and kissed him as if there as anything to forgive. If only he knew!

I lead him to the bedroom, after all its not everyday a girl gets flowers for pooping her pants

*005*2017-03-23 03:44

{{On 22/03/2017 at 5:11 AM, Alex Oxford said:

That's one way to get a boquete! xD

What a great experience, thank you for sharing with us! I had no idea you were into messing as well, are you into the desperation of it too? I personally would love to hear more of your other experiences! :)

}}

Yes I am into the desperation side of this, its my ultimate thrill to hold on either way till I have an accident. I think its the humiliation factor that turns me on, even if its a really embarrassing accident and I have been seen it still presses my buttons

