Hypnotized wetting yesterday

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2017-08-22 02:24

Firstly, if you've ever heard any of the omo-related hypnosis files, I think we can all agree that they're fake. They don't work. This wasn't from an omo related audio file.

I practice meditation and I use guided hypnosis to relax in the evenings. Now, I'm often diapered when I listen to them simply because on my afternoons off I'll lounge around the house padded if I'm not going out anywhere. I was out of my regular diapers this weekend and just wore a pull-up for the sake of wearing. It was already soaked so laid down potty pad just in case I leaked while I listened to the hypnosis file. I can usually get into a deep trance pretty easily but yesterday was something totally new...

I got somewhere I've never been before. My whole body felt weightless, like I was floating. And I was tingling everywhere like how your limbs feel when they fall asleep. I've never been so detached from my body. It was a little scary but also exciting. That's when I felt like I had to pee. I went from a 1 to a 9 almost instantly and I was very aware of my sudden need but I couldn't move my body. I couldn't sit up or roll over. I've never not had control of my body before. Then my need to pee suddenly went away. It was strange. Maybe I had imagined it because I was wearing a pull-up. But then I felt something warm.

I was lying on my back so I could feel it soaking its way up my stomach, down the sides of my hips, and between my legs. I was wetting the bed and I couldn't stop it! It felt so good! The warm trickles felt heavenly but I didn't want to get my sheets wet. It didn't matter though. I couldn't stop it. So I stopped fighting it and felt my bladder totally empty into my already soaked pull-up, which meant it went all over my pjs and puddled under me. Thankfully I laid that potty pad down!

The whole thing lasted about an hour and fifteen minutes, and I have no idea when I wet myself. I have no concept of time when I'm in trance. I was extremely turned on after I finished wetting, though and spent the rest of the time feeling like I was on the verge of releasing something else! Needless to say I was quite a mess when I got up.

I'm excited to try it again! I'll definitely be prepared for an accident next time! Now I know I can't trust my body when I meditate like that.

