First post

Author: Love2hold666

*000*2021-02-25 23:49

I have been a long time user of this site, and finally decided to make an account to share all the stories I have.

This first one just took place a few days ago. I play a lot of Fallout 76, and my xbox friend V got on quite embarrassed. I pressed him on what was up, and he admitted he wet himself coming into work. I consoled him, and he told me more about what happened. All of this is more or less verbatim from what he told us.

V woke up late after closing, and had to rush out the door. He grabbed a bottle of water, but didn't take his morning piss. He figured he could piss after clocking in I guess.

Without thinking, he chugged his water bottle and crushed it. After sitting in traffic for about 15 minutes, he realized his mistake. He began bouncing and squirimg around while driving, desperately trying to avoid pissing in his new car. (At this point, I was wet as fuck and trying not to touch myself. He was telling this to a group of about 8 people)

The last red light almost did him in, he lost a little in his pants for a few seconds on accident... then more, enough to leave a spot. V said it took everything he had not to just get out and go in front of traffic but he didn't want to get an indecent exposure charge.

V quickly ran inside, nearly leaking again in his black work pants. His manager told him to clock in real quick, then he could go use the bathroom. It wasn't his fault really, he just didn't realize how bad my buddy had to piss. V was at his limit, piss jetting out in small increments every time he swiped his card trying to clock in. V was nearly sobbing, but trying to play it cool so no one would notice.

Finally, it worked and he made it into the bathroom. As soon as he saw the toilet, he started violently pissing into his pants. V tried multiple times to stop it, but he couldn't. He managed to get his belt off and pants down, but his bladder was mostly empty.

V got really lucky, because he had another pair of black dockers in his car. He said he doesn't think anyone noticed, because it was an opening shift there were only maybe 3 people there. I couldn't believe he told us all of it so casually. I mean, he was clearly embarrassed but he didn't seem mortified.

