Desperate ladies at a scan clinic

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-11-23 22:03

One time I had to have some tests done including a scan of my womb as I was having some pain and the doctor was concerned I had cysts in my ovaries. The scan is the same one you need in the early months of pregnancy and involves drinking plenty water and having a cold cream on your bladder and a scanner pressed over it.

Having spent years enjoying holding a full bladder I was not overly worried about myself but I was secretly looking forward to the fact all the others waiting would also have full bladders too. It really is a shame not many men require scan like this!

I arrived not even needing to pee but having had most of the recommended water intake. I guess my bladder was bigger than most or I was just distracted by other things. Either way I was pretty comfortable.

I found where to go and had a seat. It was very obvious who else was there for the same scan as they all clearly had to go way worse than me. There were three females, two of whom where accompanied by male partners. The first one had her legs crossed and was bouncing her top leg a lot. The second lady had her coat over her legs and was looking quite restless and the third taller lady was pacing the waiting room. I was there at the time I had been told and wondered how long these other ladies had been waiting.

What made things much more interesting was that in the waiting room itself there was a toilet in the far corner and the door had been wedged wide open so the toilet pan was clearly visible like some sort of Chinese torture for these poor woman.

The tall lady was called through and she grabbed her bag and sprinted. Less than ten minutes later she rushed back in through the waiting room and into the bathroom as we all got to hear her pee gush out of her! She then grabbed her partners hand and walked quickly out. I was still not overly desperate but both the other girls were very restless. The one with her legs crossed had crossed them the other way a few times and was gripping the arm of her chair too. The other girl had her hands under her coat and I am sure she was holding herself hoping no-one knew.

It took a good few minutes before another person was called through, this time it was the lady with the coat over her legs. She shuffled on her seat then followed the nurse away as if nothing was the matter.

The tall lady had shut the bathroom door earlier but the receptionist came in and checked the bathroom before leaving the door wide open again. The crossed legged girl said to her partner that she was really struggling and hoped she would be called soon because she was so full. As if on cue the receptionist came in with a huge jug full of water and some cups and placed them on a table in the middle of the room. Not to be content with this she took the top cup, placed it on the table and filled it up with water from the jug. She reminded us we must be very full for the scan so to feel free to drink.

I had already had three bottles of water but decided to err on the side of caution and took the cup that was full and started sipping it. My bladder felt very hard and full and I was thinking if I had been anywhere else I would have used the toilet we were all sat staring at.

Shortly after the lady who had had the coat over her legs came running in and quickly made a bee line for the toilet. Once again we all heard ever splatter of her pee.

Stating the obvious the final girl’s partner stroked her arm and said ‘you must be next’ as she was bouncing both legs up and down looking at the floor.

I crossed my legs as another lady entered the room looking flustered.

Finally the lady flushed the toilet and ran embarrassed out of the waiting room not giving eye contact to any of us.

The fidgety girl looked like she was close to wetting now and I heard her whisper that she was so desperate. The flustered girl who had not long arrived must have heard as she quite brazenly spoke up and said ‘god this is like torture isn’t it!’ To which the other girl just went ‘yeah’ rather embarrassingly.

Within another minute she was called in and I was left with just the bold girl who saw no reason to be embarrassed about our situation and started chatting about how she was needing to pee on the bus on the way here and thought she would pee herself and now she still had ages to hold and how much she wanted to go. She was so different to the previous girls I was quite entertained by her.

I sipped my water and sat crossed legged while she said she was bursting, desperate, full, dying to pee, gagging for a bathroom and barely holding on. This was finally making me need to go much more and I was so glad to see the fidgety girl coming back telling her partner to wait in the corridor as she clearly knew we would all hear her pee. We actually didn’t hear her much so I think she may have filled the pan with paper first to hide her embarrassment.

Mouthy woman was getting more mouthy now saying how bad it was we had to have a bathroom in the waiting room and how stupid it was in this day and age that there was no other way to scan a woman than have her almost wet herself.

I found her amusing but was glad to be called finally.

Having freezing cold jelly put on your rock hard bladder makes your need to pee suddenly intensify. Add the pressure of a scanner on top and I had to bite my lip and tense myself to keep from leaking.

It was over quickly though and I decided to avoid mouthy woman and drive home to pee.

My word did I go when I got home! I wonder if mouthy woman made it or not?

*004*2018-11-27 10:31

{{42 minutes ago, rachelkirwan said:

Thanks for sharing hun, I've had a good number of these scans in my day and it's always interesting to see who is in the waiting room. This being said, I've usually been too desperate to pay too much attention.

These are also 'great' situations for accidents!

Did all the medical stuff get sorted out?

}}

Yes everything was fine thanks!

