Semi-Accident After Night Out

Author: SomewhatSoaked

*000*2022-06-13 23:58

I have another incident that happened a few months back after going out for a friends birthday. This night I was wearing light colored jeans and a lavender button down.

I was out at an event during the day doing some casual drinking and when it was time to head home I had the perfect buzz that made me excited to head out to a club to meet up with a group of friends. I was going pee as normal throughout the day and had no plans to use anything other than a toilet. After arriving home I had 2 beers to keep the fun going before catching a ride out and went pee again before leaving.

I arrived at the club and the group had ordered bottle service so the drinks would be flowing. I don’t normally drink liquor very often but with the bottle service being present I opted to drink vodka. Nothing extremely eventful happened other than some good fun and a good amount of drinks and swigs from the bottles. Before I know it, the bar is closing down and it’s time to head out. My night starts to get fuzzy around this point and I realized later on that there was something I did not do the entire time at the club, go to the restroom.

As the group makes their way out we decide to take the drunken fun to a nearby spot and grab some food to help sober up as best we can. The entire time there is a hazy memory but I remember suddenly heading out as I had apparently ordered a ride home. I head out the door and to the street corner to get my bearings and look for my ride. As I get there and stand still, I feel myself spurt completely out of nowhere.

I had not felt the need to pee at all since arriving at the club and now several hours later I still hadn’t felt a strong urge. I must have drank enough alcohol to dull the feeling of fullness in my bladder. In my still drunken state I try to glance down at my crotch to see if there’s any visible damage since there are others out and about also looking for their rides. My inspection was inconclusive as I was not able to get a good look without being too obvious. At this point my drunken mind wanted to get home so I carry on with my plan to get my ride.

I locate the car and walk over without any more leakage. I get in the car and situate myself for the, luckily fairly short, ride home. As I’m sitting in the back I feel another spurt. The alcohol numbs any panic that I may be feeling and I keep my cool knowing I’m just a few minutes from home and I can hold the rest. Luckily I get to my drop off point without any more spurting and hop out to head in.

As I start the walk up, I felt another spurt and a few seconds later another spurt. In my mind I know I’m so close so I don’t rush I just carry on at normal speed and remain calm even though there is now a wet spot on my jeans. I make the last leg of the journey to the door and feel multiple long spurts that are only separated by milliseconds. I get in my door and let out one more long spurt before I am able to regain composure and walk into the bathroom.

I do a quick dance in front of the toilet and am able to get myself free to let the rest of my pee out normally. I stand there enjoying my drunken pee and revel in the rush of having had a semi accident that was completely unplanned unlike many other situations I find myself in.

I do a quick clean up job and throw my clothes in the wash and quickly get in bed.

I really like to look back on this situation because this could arguably be considered a genuine accident that I didn’t at least semi plan for. I had not felt the need to pee while out and the initial spurt that happened while looking for my ride was out of nowhere. I felt a crazy rush from that point until I got home to finish emptying my bladder. I’m definitely happy that this happened looking back on it because I got away without being caught at all.

I hope everyone enjoys this experience and I will plan out the next story to share!

*002*2022-06-14 11:37

{{1 hour ago, Spectator9 said:

A memorable experience! Alcohol can numb the sensations from the bladder, so the spurts were the overflow from your maximum capacity. If you had been able to capture and measure all the pee I'll bet it would have been more than you would expect.

}}

Yes it definitely can, this experience was different from most others with alcohol. I’ll usually feel fullness and urgency even if I get to the point of being drunk. But you are right, I’m sure this was a full bladder scenario for sure. I was wet down to my knees before I made it to the bathroom.

*004*2022-06-14 19:46

{{22 minutes ago, KAQSW said:

Wow, props to making to the bathroom, I think I’d have given up at the doorstep with how wet you already were. But yeah alcohol definitely can make for some fun loss of control, especially if you’ve been drinking consistently and have broken the seal already.

Hope to hear more stories!

}}

I’m a little surprised myself that I kept my composure and didn’t just give up once I was no longer in public. I think it was a combination of wanting to make it since I had already set my mind to it and also a strong will to not soak the shoes I was wearing. I would be so much more daring and care free if it weren’t for having to worry about getting my shoes wet.

After thinking back again, I’m pretty sure it had to do with drinking vodka which is much less fluid than beer but arguably contributes to feeling more drunkenness. So I was getting the affects of alcohol with less volume of liquid so I think that is why I didn’t really feel an urge to go while at the club. I still enjoy replaying this experience in my mind since it was so different than any other experience and the fact that there was real risk of losing control in public more than I did. I can’t help but keep babbling on about it!

I think I have at least a few more experiences I can share that would hopefully be of interest to you and others.

*007*2022-06-15 18:33

{{23 minutes ago, KAQSW said:

@SomewhatSoaked

Well maybe you’re able to hold on longer than you thought haha. But I could definitely see the liquor getting you a lot drinker faster. Those drunken adventures are always fun because it kinda puts an unknown timer on when you’re gonna burst and if you’re in the wrong spot it’s just gonna get wet fast.

But I think we’d all be interested in more experiences

}}

I definitely agree with that. There’s a finite amount you can hold and a certain level of control based on the drunkenness. If the adventure takes you somewhere without quick restroom access when capacity and control are both at their maximum, there is only one way that ends.

I will continue finalizing what experience I share next! Thank you all for your comments and encouragement! I very much appreciate it.

*008*2022-06-21 16:24

@KAQSW

@Spectator9

@desperateseb

Added a new experience!

“Planned Hold Unexpected Wetting”

