New Year's Eve wetting

Author: Squirtainly

*000*2020-01-03 05:26

Happy new year, everyone! The festivities about the end of the decade were reminding me of the time I peed myself last New Year. Hope you enjoy.

31st Dec 2018 was my first New Year's Eve as an adult. I was no stranger to alcohol, but being able to hang out with friends and buy our own booze lead to considerably less moderation in my drinking. One of my friend's parents always had a meetup/party thing at a hotel for NYE, where they'd stay the night. With the understanding that their daughter wouldn't do anything too crazy, they'd allowed us all to celebrate the new year without supervision at their house for the past few years.

Our plan was to get picked up by our host at around seven and make our way to the shop, as none of us broke-arses had enough money to single-handedly bankroll a party. Most of us would go after food, whilst the few of us old enough to buy booze would get the drinks: The lads amongst us were primarily after beer; the more basic members of the group wanted Smirnoff Ice (for those unaware, it's 'vodka', but with so little alcohol it's basically lemon water); and he remainder of us were debating between cocktails or straight hard liquor. Ultimately, we decided that our combined zero hours of mixology experience wouldn't be sufficient for cocktails, so we just grabbed a few bottles of regular vodka too.

In case it's not clear by this point, we weren't the most wild group of people. We had fun, but most of us were either nerdy or kind of alt, meaning that the host's parents' trust was not misplaced – this wasn't an American-high-school-movie-style party. It was just our group of ten-ish people acting like idiots.

Staying the night without parental supervision gave us more liberty to get shitfaced than usual, and shitfaced we got. We tried everything mixed with vodka: vodka beer (meh), vodka vodka-lemon (just Smirnoff Ice but it contains alcohol), I'm pretty sure I had vodka tea at one point (don't.). Needless to say, by the time we stumbled around the living room, arms crossed and bellowing Auld Lang Syne, I wasn't paying attention to my bladder.

I realise that I've still not said what I was wearing (I'm writing this at five in the morning, don't expect the Complete-bloody-Works), so I'll clarify: I was wearing my trusty little black dress, which goes down to about the middle of my thighs. I had fairly standard white cotton knickers on, and I'd foregone a bra (as I sometimes do) because bras suck and the dress works better without one.

Getting back to the story, we stepped outside into the back garden to watch the fireworks and had some fun playing, of all things, tig. It was freezing, the grass was dewy and we were all stumbling around drunk, but we had a good time. Part way through the game, it suddenly hit me that I really needed to pee. In fact, it hit me when I slipped on the grass, fell on my knees and spurted. Being crazy drunk and pretty irrational, I burst out laughing, and had to stop myself from exclaiming 'I just weed myself!'. Unfortunately, the laughing only worsened my situation, causing a second spurt which I managed to mostly stop, given that I was now aware of my situation.

Even though I was now aware of my rather extreme and sudden desperation, I was determined to continue playing, given that I was still it. I don't remember if I got caught again or if I had failed to catch someone after God-knows-how-long, but I do remember that I was shamelessly grabbing myself at this point. I decided that I could no longer both play tig and not piss myself, but I didn't want to chicken out of tig. So, after exclaiming something along the lines of 'hold on a sec, I need a piss.' and heading towards one of the garden's bushes, I hiked up my dress and shamelessly pissed through my knickers.

Taking advantage of the roaring laughter, I emerged from the shrubbery, ran up to my nearest friend, slapped his back and shouted 'tig!' – a pyrrhic victory, if nothing else.

I awoke on my friend's sofa the following morning with a splitting headache and slightly damp knickers. Once we'd all recovered from last night's mistakes, I was the subject of some ridicule. Taking it like a champ, however, I am now the undisputed tig champion.

Hope the story makes sense, I got really tired part way through so I might have to edit this mess tomorrow.

*003*2020-01-04 00:25

{{2 hours ago, tanin said:

Great story!

Why you were the subject of some ridicule? Do you think that anyone noticed the whole situation? How would you describe the experience of staying for so long in wet panties?

}}

Well, I publicly announced I was going to pee, and then did so in full view of everyone, so I'd say they noticed lol. I don't remember loads of it after that tbh, I was pretty drunk, so I didn't mind the wetness anyway. I just remember waking up and my knickers were still a bit damp

*007*2020-01-04 23:49

{{35 minutes ago, GoldenG8 said:

@Squirtainly

Awesome story! What do you figure gave you the idea to piss through your panties instead of pulling them off or aside? I know you were probably crazy drunk, but if you remember... Were your panties cotton, or some synthetic material? Did the pee go straight through them with no mess, or did it go down your legs and get on your dress? Do you recall whether you wet them again at any point in the night, even if it was just a squirt?

}}

Ooh, god, hope I can answer of these...

Tbh I was pretty drunk and my knickers were already wet. Hard to recall to what degree it was intentional, but I'm sure it helped that I enjoy it

Knickers were cotton, I almost exclusively use cotton unless it's for sport.

I remember I 'popped a squat' and the dress was quite short, so I doubt it was too messy but I don't really recall

No idea if I wet again, between the wetness and the drunkness I doubt I'd've noticed or cared

*011*2020-01-12 01:00

{{On 1/9/2020 at 5:33 PM, GoldenG8 said:

Ahhhh, carefree wetting is my favorite! Are you saying that before you popped a squat, they were already wet because 1) you’d leaked a little out of desperation? Or 2) you might have been squirting intentionally just for fun?

}}

Pretty sure I put it in the post, but I was wet out of desperation.

