Pissing Black Skinny Jeans

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2016-06-08 22:26

So this is a story about my friend named Abby. Don't worry everyone, I still have more stories about Grasen, they'll come in time. But this happened today at my college, and I thought I'd share it while the memory is fresh in my head. This is probably the best wetting experience I've witnessed, hands down. The situation is very similar to the story I told a little while back, about how Grasen pissed herself at the movies. I've witnessed only one other wetting from Abby, which was a while ago, back when we worked together. I had wrote part of the story down, but felt my wording and descriptions weren't that great, so I deleted it all. Also, since it was a while ago when that story happened, I don't remember it quite as well.

Anyways, so about what happened today. Abby is like my best friend. She's really really cute, and we sort of have something going between us, but not to the point where I'd tell her about my interests. So here's a little bit about Abby:

She has dark, dyed red hair. Sort of like a maroon-ish color. She also has those big glasses girls usually wear. Breasts aren't bad I guess, but they aren't the biggest. She's very thin as well. Ass is pretty good for a skinny girl like herself, as well. Abby always wears black skinny jeans. Like she's worn black skinny jeans for as long that I've known her for. She wears short black boots as well. [She's a metalhead]

So today, there was some sort of assembly thing for certain students at my college. I'm not even sure what it was about, and it didn't have to do with Abby or myself, so we just sat in the back of the auditorium where we could talk about how stupid it was. Straight from the start, I noticed how antsy Abby was being. Usually she gets like this, antsy, so I didn't really think much of it. So we were just listening to the speaker today, and we started to just sit in silence. Well, there was a number of people in the auditorium, I'd say roughly 300 or so, so it was packed.

We sat in silence, listening to the speaker. Abby locked her hands together and rested them on her crotch. "I need to use the bathroom, ugh," she said.

"Just get up and leave the auditorium, and go to the bathroom then?" I said.

Here's another thing you should know about Abby. Her social anxiety kills. She hates standing up in the middle of classes to use the bathroom, because people might look at her, and she hates attention. She tells me about this all the time, and always says about how often she has to hold it in, just so she doesn't have to have anyone look at her. I used to be the same way myself, so I understand completely.

Abby stared at me as if I had two heads. "What? No!" she said. "People are gonna see me leave, I can't do that!" I nodded, understanding.

"Just a suggestion, I guess," I said. "I mean, most people's eyes are gonna be on the speaker, but I see where you're coming from."

"Ugh, I mean I really need to go, too, like really bad," she said. "I just can't have people see me leave. I'd have an anxiety attack."

"Just hold it?" I suggested, but the look Abby gave me told me that that wasn't exactly the best answer I could come up with.

Abby didn't say anything, and went back to listening to the boring speaker make a presentation about technology's changing in society or something. I wasn't paying attention, because Abby had now peaked my interest, so my mind wasn't on that. I doubt Abby was even listening either, considering she started becoming very desperate.

Abby hadn't really said anything for a while about her need to pee, but I could tell it was weighing heavy on her mind. Unfortunately for her, she didn't have the leg room to cross her legs, as I sort of have long legs, and I was taking up even her leg room, too. So what she did instead, was push her thighs together, and rest them on the seat in front of us. So she then rested her arm between her legs, on her crotch, with a lot of pressure. She kept sighing heavily and tapping her foot, constantly checking the time on her phone, waiting for this speaker to shut up so then the assembly could be over. Me, on the other hand, I wanted the speaker to drag on more and more and more. Which he did, much to my luck.

Classes were over soon, so this meant that after the assembly, we could just go drive home or go to our dorms. Abby and I both drive home, since we live nearby. I told her that I would walk her to her car. She said, "Fine, but can you walk with me to the bathroom when this thing is over? If people see me, they'll see you too so not all the attention will be on me," she laughed. But she was serious. I told her of course, that's what friends are to do for each other.

Abby checked her phone again. 15 minutes until we get to go home. She sighed heavily, starting to become irritated. "Abby, I can walk you to the bathroom right now if you want," I said. "Seriously, like if you need to pee so bad, don't like harm your bladder or whatever by holding it in."

"No! I can wait! Just 15 minutes is so long, though." She started becoming a little overwhelmed. She turned to me, and placed her legs on my lap. Now having the room, she crossed them and shoved her hand deep in between her legs, and rubbed back and forth, massaging it through her jeans, I guess to take off the pressure a little more.

I joked. "Great, so if you piss yourself, you're gonna piss all over me!"

"Hey, what are friends for?" Abby said, laughing a little.

10 minutes went by, and frankly, I was hoping for her to piss herself while her legs were on me, but at the same time I didn't feel like smelling like piss. She was becoming pretty frantic. I rubbed her legs to ease her and have her relax.

"I can't sit anymore," she said, and stood up. As she was standing, a small dark spot between her legs slowly formed. It was because she relieved the pressure she was using with placing her hand on her crotch, so she obviously let out a squirt of hot piss. Her hand immediately shot to to her ass where she grabbed at her pussy. She crossed her legs and leaned against the wall. (We were sitting at the far side, in the back, so she had a wall to lean against.) She slowly turned and faced me, with her face blushing.

"What's wrong?" I asked dumbly, already knowing what was, in fact, wrong.

"I just peed a little," Abby said, embarrassed.

"No way."

"Yes I did!" Abby retorted.

"Wait, let me see?" I asked.

Abby let her hand go off her crotch so she could show me the wet patch. But as soon as she did, more pee came out, going through her panties, into the tight black skinny jeans she was wearing. She quickly put her hand back. "See? And I can't even move, like if I move or pull away my hand, I'm gonna just ruin my pants." This was kind of a douchy move on my part, but Abby would've done the same exact thing to me if I were in this situation. Our friendship involves pranking each other, and making each other look like asses to ourselves. So I grabbed her arm, and pulled it away, where she started wetting some more. 

She laughed a little, realizing that what I did was a little funny, but she kept trying to pull her hand back, but failed. She used her left hand this time and took my hand off of her right arm. I could've stayed on longer, but I didn't want to be a COMPLETE ass to her, so I let her free lol. But when she had tried to get herself free, she started to sink down to the ground, still crossing her legs, in utter desperation to keep as much piss in her bladder until the very end. She put both hands now, back on her pussy, which her hands were now starting to get wet.

The speaker finally finished, which meant it was the end of the day. Abby didn't move an inch. "Abby, let's go," I said. "You're gonna piss a hole through your pants in a second if you don't go to the bathroom now."

She moaned a little and looked over with tears in her eyes. "Ohh...I told you, if I move, I'm just gonna end up wetting all over the place...there's no use in trying to go to the bathroom now, my pants are gonna get ruined completely in any second."

"Just wait for everyone to leave the auditorium, and just piss," I said.

We waited, and when we were the only ones left alone, Abby finally let her hands free. Her stream started off slowly, but then fastened until piss was rapidly going all over her tight black jeans, down her legs and creating a huge wet spot on the carpet. Abby stepped backwards, relieving all of the pressure from her bladder. But she stumbled, as her knees gave out from the relieving feeling, and she feel backwards. I immediately caught her, but she was still falling. She was feeling faint, she said, because it was too embarrassing for her to do this in front of me, and that can be a sign of a panic attack, which her and I are prone to getting. She slipped into my arms where I caught her. The thing is, though, I was still sitting. My legs were too weak from seeing all of this, that I simply couldn't stand up. So she fell on my lap, resting her head against my shoulder as I told her everything was okay.

Remember earlier how I said I didn't feel like her wetting all over me? Well, I had immediately changed my thought as this happened. I have never felt piss so hot. Her flow was so hot that it actually burned a little. My left leg was in between her legs, where she was wetting all over that leg. But since her pussy was pretty much resting on my leg, with only jeans between the two of us, I felt it all coming out of her crotch, rapidly going down both of her legs, and my leg, getting all over the floor. Piss was getting EVERYWHERE. No one said a word. The only sounds that were made was the loud hissing of her hot flow, and her moaning in relief. Right. In. My. Ear.

Time seemed to never end. I think for about a minute and a half, did the flow continuously form out. She tilted her head back in utter relief. Then as she finished up, she started to snap back to full consciousness. She moved her head to the side so our eyes met, and she looked down. Her face was bright red. Tears started to well up in her eyes. I didn't have it in my heart to tell her that this, in fact, is something I like. In fact, I've never told anyone this, because I'm afraid no matter what, it could get between our friendship. I just told her what I usually tell people. That this happens to everyone, and it's nothing to be embarrassed about. 

I will admit this, though. You could say we're friends with benefits, but nothing really sexual tbh. Just romantic friends I guess. We ended up making out after for a few minutes. Abby stood up finally. She spread her legs and felt all around her legs. I stood up. I looked at my legs, which was mostly one big spot on my left leg, but that wasn't wear the real mess was. The floor had a big stain from where she started to piss, then a stream from where she started to slip, and a puddle on a few of the seats, and a huge stain from where we were sitting.

Abby's legs stuck to her pants, which she constantly tried to get them unstuck, but would fail. She gave up trying, and we just grabbed our stuff and headed out of campus.

Probably the best wetting experience I've witnessed, or possibly of all time.

If anyone wants to chat in private messages, I'm always up for a chat to shoot the breeze! Thanks for reading, sorry if this was too long, but a lot obviously happened today.

*004*2016-06-09 22:00

{{6 hours ago, wettingman said:

As long as a story is well written and richly detailed without a lot of extraneous verbiage, the longer the better. I get aroused reading a story with prolonged desperation, wondering if she will be able to hold it, with plenty of details like this. Thank you for posting it. I look forward to reading more of your tales of pee desperation and wetting.

}}

I agree with the first part to some extent. I feel if I drag on with too many details, people might get bored or something. Thanks for the comment!

*005*2016-06-09 22:00

{{6 hours ago, eternal_nyte42 said:

The details you went into, especially regarding the desperation was really well done. An incredibly hot story indeed. Personal favorite part; she just sitting on your lap and completely letting loose, moaning in relief.

}}

Thanks! And literally my mind is still blown from yesterday

