One infant two wet

Author: scinosensation

*000*2021-08-05 16:34

Background: my wife had taken a job 1500 miles from where we lived, and after 1 year was coming back home. I went to help her move back. We packed up the car and started the drive back. We took a leisurely drive back, visiting several amazing National Parks. I frequently held it and made no serious effort to find a restroom. She was sympathetic. After we got home the grass was seriously overgrown. I drank 2 liters of Coke and about an hour later, when I became aware of my bladder, I started mowing. I was about half done and couldn’t hold it. My undies were soon soaked and there was a growing pool in my plastic panties.

A few days later my wife went to the doctor and discovered she was pregnant with our first child. She got home and told me, and much to my surprise, made me promise to stop wetting, including wearing plastic panties when I mowed. I agreed, but hid my plastic panties. I stayed dry.

She gave birth in an emergency C-section. We got home and I went back to work, doing both my job and her job. After several weeks the infant started sleeping through the night.

The infant was about 2 1/2 months old. I got home for the night. She gave me holy hell with both barrels about why I wasn’t helping more with the infant. I drank several cups of tea and a soft drink with dinner. Then I managed to get into the bathroom without her knowing. I had a mountain of paperwork to do. I put the infant in bed and she went to bed. I started dealing with my paperwork, the hard part first leaving the mindless part for last. I became aware of the growing pressure in my bladder. I continued with the paperwork until I had to struggle mightily to control my bladder; I held until the last possible seconds. I really wanted to stay dry.

I got up and walked to where to the left was bathroom and to the right was infant’s room. I turned left, got my pants but not my plastic panties down and was in front of the toilet when the infant started crying. I was completely dry. I very much did not want my wife to wake up, so I thought if necessary I could change and clean up me and she would never know. I got my pants up and went to the infant’s room. I was just inside his door and sure enough I felt a release and my undies rapidly warmed, so I needed to be changed.

I got to his bed and leaned over. The need for being changed got much more pronounced. Then I felt his diaper and he needed to be changed too. I picked him up and put him on the changing table. I concentrated on changing him so I couldn’t hold. There was a growing pool in my plastic panties as I changed him. I put him back in his crib then went back to the bathroom and took off my pants, then sat on the toilet and took down my plastic panties and emptied them, and finished emptying my bladder through my undies.

I went to our bedroom and was getting clean undies. The infant started crying again. This time she woke up wanting to know what the noise was. I told her it was the infant and I had just changed him so had no idea what else I could do. She got up and went to him. I took off my plastic panties and soaked undies, put on my new undies and went to bed.

A few days later she asked me point blank that when the infant started crying I seemed to be doing something with my undies drawer so I peed in my pants, didn’t I? I told her what happened, except for the plastic panties part. I said I was going to use the toilet when the infant started crying, and I quickly decided I wanted her to sleep so I thought if necessary I could clean up me so I went to the infant and I did indeed go in my pants. Would she have preferred I let the infant awaken her?

I was dry for about the next 6 months. I didn’t even wear plastic panties while mowing the grass.

