I Understand Now What Alcohol Does To Your Bladder

Author: omnipotentshar

*000*2018-02-20 12:56

So there isn't any wetting necessarily I'm this story. I just wanted to post it cause it was a pretty big/important omo event in my life and thought people would like to here about it.

So Saturday was my 21st birthday and when you're 21 in the United States, you drink! The better half of that day wasn't eventful. We had Pathfinder (DND 3.5 basically) which was fun, but when that let it it was time for my birthday dinner. I didn't order a bunch of alcohol because shit is expensive and kinda gross. All I really had was a couple sips of my fiance's drink, one full double shot that had tequila, triple Sec and redbull in it, (Also learned I can't do shots) and maybe 2 cups of water as I was trying my best not to get drunk (never been drunk before and it was a little worrying).

After the failed shots I did, I was feeling not too good and my fiance and I ended up going home, which is roughly a half hour away from the restaurant. I also didn't have to pee whatsoever when we left, but it was a lot more chilly outside than I thought (only wearing short shorts, flip flops, a tank top and a really thin girl flannel). Walking back to the car I was shivering and probably pretty tipsy cause I felt like the whole group was walking too fast while we were at a very moderate pace. Everything was still fine. But after my fiance's turned the heat in his car up everything went South.

Out of absolutely nowhere I needed to pee like, yesterday! No fun build up. Just a stupid full bladder that just appeared out of nowhere. I've been doing and holds since I was like, 12; so I thought I had it in the bud. "I could definitely hold till I get back to the dorm" I thought until I felt a little squirt. I was wearing a pad so there wasn't any damage, but I knew I had to tell my fiance. He knows about omorashi. Doesn't really participate in it himself, but "helps" me with my holds.

I tell him I have to pee like super fucking bad. We're out of the city now and on some pretty rural highway for the five miles till we get to the overpass where the interstate is. I get two choices: that we either wait 15 minutes to get to a gas station or i pee on the side of the road. I decided to hold it cause this area were in isn't lit at all and it's a little sketchy. And I've done worse holds where I'm constantly leaking for longer. I can hold this!

As we drive on the roads became super shitty. I live in South Carolina where our roads are actually shit so there were several bumps and patches of uneven road that would be bearable if you bladder want about to fucking exploded. The fiance is also a slight sadist about me having to pee so he's finding ALL the bad parts. To make conversation as we wait to get to the gas station, I realized why people would recommend alcohol to ones who wanted to quicken a hold and have an accident on here. I knew generally that alcohol made you have to pee more "urgently", but I didn't know it would help that much.

I know this seems lazy, but nothing else exciting about the hold happens. It was one of the worst holds in a while cause I wasn't near a bathroom, but I managed to make it without acting "desperate" or showing much signs of needing to go (probably due to the alcohol). I was still tipsy when I made it so when I was pulling my shorts down I almost fell forward.

So yeah, I hope you guys enjoyed it. It's okay if you didn't. It's my first story and it is a little shitty. If I start writing more I'll hopefully get better. Construction criticism is wanted.

*002*2018-02-20 13:29

{{18 minutes ago, SaQra said:

Sounds like a tense experience. Looking back on it did you enjoy it?

}}

It was pretty fun yeah. I know that if I'm drinking far from home again I'm either peeing before I leave or wearing a diaper lol

