Desperation Tales from my Girlfriend

Author: Midd

*000*2018-10-05 22:04

Hey guys

It’s been ages since I’ve written anything on here, but it’s been nearly two months since I somehow managed to find myself a girlfriend! She makes me very happy, even more so that she is willing to share in my fetish, she was a bit apprehensive at first, but she soon opened up to me fully, and whilst we have had some Omo fun which I will share later, she also shared with me many stories of how her tiny bladder has got her into problems in the past.

The first story I’m going to share is one of those fantasy situations that I’m pretty sure we all dream of: Multiple girls all desperate to pee at once.

So I will set the scene, my girlfriend and 5 of her female friends decided it would be a great idea to see who could drink the most water out the group during a lesson. So they all started to drink.

Now my girlfriend is short and skinny, with ginger hair. Friend 1 was average height and quite plump, with long brown hair and tanned skin. Friend 2 was really tall and skinny with short brown hair with really pale skin. Friend 3 was quite tall yet plump, with darker skin and black hair, whilst 4 and 5 were average heights and builds, both pale with 4 having short brown hair and 5 blonde hair.

Now they all drank a lot of water really quickly and like my girlfriend, all seemed to have tiny bladders, so very quickly they were extremely desperate. It was in this moment that one of them had the bright idea to see who could hold their pee for the longest.

This proved to be a bad idea, as all of them were extremely desperate they were all squirming in their seats and openly holding themselves, and my girlfriend told me she started to leak within a few minutes of needing to pee, she was that desperate.

A side note on my girlfriend, to my absolute delight she has a really tiny bladder, a couple of glasses of water or a bottle is enough to make her close to wetting, so for her to drink this much and not be able to immediately pee must of been absolute torture for her, but I digress.

Going back to the story, naturally all the girls asked the teacher permission to run to the bathroom, and the teacher said yes to everyone but my girlfriend. Now his reasoning behind this was that there were too many people going already and that she needed to finish her homework, however my girlfriend tried to plead with him saying that she couldn’t wait and she would have an accident if she didn’t go now, but he just ignored her.

The friends all struggled to their feet, now holding the hems of their skirts as they were now in public, and they slowly minced off to the bathroom. Leaving my girlfriend sat alone, struggling to hold on to the ocean of pee inside her.

Now that her friends were gone my girlfriend was frantic, squirming about and holding herself, and slowly spurting into her panties, slowly soaking them.

After a few minutes, her friends started to come back, and my girlfriend said she was slowly starting to lose it at this point.

It’s when one of her friends shook her water bottle at her and she lost a good spurt into her panties, my girlfriend knew she was about to wet herself.

She slowly stood up and leaked a couple more drops, then she held onto the hem of her skirt as she slowly walked to the toilet, leaking pretty regularly, her pee starting to run in streams down her tightly crossed legs.

When she got to the toilet, my girlfriend found that all three stalls were occupied, and so she had to wait there in agony, her spurts getting longer and longer, until she was stood there bouncing, tights pulled down and both hands buried in her crotch

As she slowly started to wet herself.

Just as she thought she was going to stand there and completely lose it, one of the toilets flushed, causing my girlfriend to leak heavily for a second, and then the cubicle door opened.

My girlfriend immediately rushed in, no longer able to completely stop the stream, and as she saw the toilet she stream got stronger. She bounced in desperation and bit her lip as she held herself with one, slippery, hand, whilst desperately trying to lock the toilet door.

A few precious seconds later the door locked and my girlfriend hastily pulled down her soaked and ruined panties and let the stream flow unhindered into the toilet. According to my girlfriend she peed for over a minute (absolute ages for her!)

And is the best pee she has ever had in her life, including the pee’s she has had when I’ve made her hold for me, so it must have been good.

When she got back to her table she was teased a bit by her friends, but she soon found ot that both friend 1 and friend 4 leaked into their panties whilst queueing for the toilet, and she told me that friend 3 looked like she had even though she denied it, not that they could tell due to the black skirts they all wore!

Thank you for reading, I know it’s been a bit long but I got a writers bug, so had to share, as always Commends and criticism is welcome as long as it is constructive.

I have many more stories to share, some which I helped to cause and witnessed first hand if people are interested, just need to let me know.

