Sneezing Pad Leaks

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2020-06-25 22:25

Sneezing Pad Leaks

So there's something in the air this week that's been making me sneeze. As a result I’ve taken up my long-standing practice of wearing pads regularly.

Yesterday, I wore a simply panty liner in my gray panties, and was lucky that it held one large squirt when I sneezed while working at my desk.

$$

If you look closely you can see that the pad was already quite sticky for other reasons, as I slipped this pad into my panties after my hubby and I had a lunch time quickie.

$$

This sneeze happened when my bladder was maybe 1/3 full, so it was only a little squirt.

$$

As you can see, my panties were kept dry.

$$

And the pad was only wet but not sodden.

$$

A couple of days ago I wore a thicker pad, and not one well-designed for pee pee leaks. It was taking up space in my bathroom cabinet, and y’all know that I do enjoy experimenting with pads. Well, I stuck this thick pad into my dinosaur panties after breakfast, anticipating possible sneezing during the day.

Things were going well until after I had finished my second mug of tea, around 10:30. My bladder was quite full, and I was just wrapping up some work before nipping off to the loo when I felt a sneeze building.

I decided I’d let the pad capture it, rather than trying to minimize things by crossing my legs.

I was shook by three sneezes and felt moderate squirts of pee flood into my underwear and pad with each sneeze.

$$

After the third one I reached down to feel the damage.

$$

My panties were dry but a little pee had flooded out the sides and there were little wet patches on the inside of my PJ bottoms.

$$

I hurried to the washroom to pee, and snapped additional pictures of the damage.

$$

$$

$$

I then put a Goodnite on so I wouldn’t have to worry and went about my day.

And yes, for those who are wondering, I did change out of the Goodnite in the afternoon. It was wet from a couple of additional leaks, and I took the liberty of soaking it after lunch.

$$

And here it is:

$$

$$

$$

Hope you are having a great week,

Rachel

*002*2020-06-26 01:38

{{2 hours ago, johnnyc82 said:

If you live on the east coast of the US it's probably the Saharan Dust

}}

I'm in Vancouver so it's not that but yeah... probably flowers

*005*2020-07-01 21:48

Thanks for the kind words everyone, got another fun one coming up!

