A collection of true stories of people who have asked to use my toilet

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-09-05 21:52

Isn’t it strange how we are all innately shy about asking to use someone else’s bathroom? I mean we all know they have one, we all need to go regularly yet there seems to be some social taboo about asking to use someone’s smallest room for what is a necessary daily function. On the other hand that creates a few scenarios that lovers of desperation, like us, can enjoy. It also means that I fondly remember each and every time anyone has asked to use my bathroom.

Here are a few of those events:

My church friend.

Elizabeth was a regular at my house. By regular I mean every two or three days. She wasn't working and was lonely and rather much the clingy kind of person who comes a little too often and stays longer than you might prefer. Even so it was still rare for her to ask to use the bathroom and she did live just five minutes walk away so I guess there was never really a need. She was, however, comfortable enough to regularly put the kettle on and help herself to biscuits!

One afternoon though I was busy doing housework in my kitchen when I heard the doorbell. I wasn’t expecting anyone and I was sure for once it would not be Elizabeth as she was a single parent of two young kids and school was due out in about 15 minutes. I made my way through the kitchen, through the living room and out to the front door. The set up of that house was rather unusual in that the only bathroom was downstairs and right opposite the front door! As I had been washing floors etc the door was wide open to allow the floor to dry.

I opened the door to find Elizabeth standing there with one hand frantic between her legs, jumping up and down, bent over, jiggling about from one foot to the other and generally looking like she had not used a bathroom in so long she was about to flood my front garden and porch! I had never in my life seen her in such a state. Despite it being absolutely obvious what she may be wanting by calling at my door I acted shocked and ignorant as she continued to try and stay calm and tell me what she wanted.

She danced frantically about with one hand between her legs, quickly followed by both hands there as she said she had been visiting a friend at hospital then had to get a bus back and she had been on the bus almost half an hour so bursting for the toilet and that she was running late to pick her kids up but she was passing my house and just absolutely, urgently, so desperately HAD to find a bathroom as she needed to pee so so bad it was dribbling down her legs!

Of course I stood to the side and watched as she hobbled into the toilet that she had been facing all that time and I just stood there listening as she kicked the door shut and peed for over two minutes!

Of course when she came out I offered to run her in my car to get her kids as they were only 5 and 8 and I was concerned about them getting out of school with no-one there for them! She came out so relieved yet so embarrassed looking and from then on she came to visit a little less often.

The salesman

This was in the same house. It was number 113 and was the very last house in the street. Behind the house was a huge grass area that lead to another housing estate and there were pathways leading in several directions. While it may have been the last house in the street it was a semi-detached house on a corner with a crescent running along perpendicular to the main one we were on. The main road was at the opposite end of the street so any salesmen, postmen, or delivery drivers etc always started at the main road entrance and worked their way into the scheme. After my house you had a dead end so you would have to do an about turn to head out again. I loved the quietness of that end of the scheme and it meant I had the biggest front corner garden with a huge front drive compared to everyone else.

Anyway, as I said, anyone targeting the houses for sales or religion or so forth would have been doing so for several hours before they got to my house. One evening I was sitting watching TV in my lounge when I could see two people walking down my drive. It was still just daylight and I was home alone. I was not concerned at all about opening the door back then so when the bell rang I got up and went to open the door. I knew they were salespeople of some sort but I didn’t like to be rude and guessed they had been out for a while by this time of night so at least decided I should hear them out.

They had a well rehearsed speech going on between them both and what seemed like a genuine rapport. What I did notice right away though was that one of them, a young man in his twenties with neatly trimmed hair, smart suit trousers, a shirt, tie and company issue waistcoat on, seemed very distracted. He was looking around the back of my house, looking at a tree beside my porch lots and shifting about from foot to foot. I wondered if he perhaps had a rather full bladder but I was soon to find out for definite.

The two of them continued on with their well worn sales pitch but this one gent was seemingly struggling more and more. He was stepping on and off my small porch like some sort of rhythmic dance and then pausing to cross his legs then start the up and down the step routine again. He then leaned on my porch and tapped his foot rhythmically up and down, all the time spouting out about double glazing or roofs or whatever he was trying to sell me. Finally after about 15 minutes their pitch came to an end and they asked if I had considered whatever it was blah blah and would I like a quote for this or that. To be honest I was far too transfixed by mr handsome who was making me very horny with his desperation dance on my doorstep and the only thing I wanted to do was delay them to see what might happen next! I am sure the site of my bathroom door opposite with the obvious door sign saying ‘bathroom’ was taunting him even more too.

I couldn’t resist saying I HAD been considering those new windows, or whatever and they really were making me think that my current set up was long due a rethink. I never buy from sales people at my door but there was no harm in chatting to them just a little longer now was there? I was so turned on now. My nipples were hard and erect, my pussy lips were swollen and moist and my body was so responsive. The man in front of me was dying for a pee, he was handsome, same age as me approximately and driving me wild.

Of course I knew there was only so long they would stay and then they began their closure of taking my details, address and so on. My porch had a small wall to lean on so the bursting boy was trying to write my details down leaning on this tiled area. By now he was really struggling and as he leaned slightly forwards and down he slid one hand in front of his trousers in hope the porch wall would hide him and he was clearly holding himself as he jigged and bounced his legs. His colleague was asking me the relevant questions as desperate salesboy tried holding back his bladder and writing simultaneously. I smiled as his colleague asked if he was ok. A fool could see he was on the verge of peeing himself at a young ladies doorstep while working but the desperate man just moaned back which sent shivers through me.

Finally the standing still man asked his utterly desperate friend if there was any questions he had forgotten to ask me to which suddenly the young man turned and faced me, pen and paper abandoned on my tiled porch, both his hands clutching his penis for dear life, bend over and with tears behind his eyes, he looked right into my eyes and asked so politely

‘Could I possibly use your bathroom madam?’

I smiled, looked deep into his eyes and winked at him.

‘Of course, be my guest.’ And I pointed to the door in front.

Now to say that man peed would be an understatement indeed! I heard every millilitre come out and the sigh of relief he expressed too. I was almost having an orgasm in my pants!

He came out and thanked me and they went on their way. As they walked down my drive I heard bursting boy telling his mate how he had never had to piss like that in his life and that he had started going while writing my details down.

I locked the door, drew my living room curtains and masterbated immediately lying on my couch replaying what I had just seen.

I never did buy what they were selling but they are welcome back at my door anytime!

*001*2018-09-05 22:43

I will add to these in the coming days

*002*2018-09-06 08:42

Here is the next one if anyone is enjoying these:

My friend’s teenage daughter

One of the advantages of being a mum is that other children are often in my house too. I love kids.

This particular day I had my daughter’s friend over after school. Both her parents work full time so she was due to be picked up about 5pm. Her much older sister was at high school and she would either make her own way home or go with friends usually. When she was younger we saw her around loads but I hadn’t seen her for a few years.

I am great friends with the girl’s mum and when she would collect her daughter we often had a catch up about our days on the doorstep. Today was no different. My daughter’s friend was so used to us chatting she would continue playing until her mum called her to come.

So when I heard the bell go around 5pm I was expecting it. I left the kids playing where I could see them and went to open the door. I could see my friend’s car from where I was standing as the front garden isn’t that big where we live. I was surprised to see the teenage daughter in the back of her mum’s car this day but thought nothing of it while my friend and I caught up on the news of our days. My friend seemed particularly chatty and we exchanged news of all sorts though out the corner of my eye I could see the teenager was clearly rather restless in the car.

I assumed she was bored and hungry and the mum was explaining how her daughter had called her to say she could not go to her friends and how she had told her daughter to buy herself a snack and a drink at the shop near her school and her mum would pick her up as soon as she could. There was a bench near the shop and she could wait there. Her school finished around 3:30pm so the teenager must have been waiting at least an hour for her mum.

I was only half listening to my friend as by now I wondered if the teenager was ok. She was moving around a huge amount in the back of the car and seemed very agitated. A minute or so later she got out the car and shouted to her mum if she would be much longer.

‘Be with you in five minutes’ her mum replied but I was now certain the teenager really needed a bathroom rather urgently. She stood outside the car but was dancing about from one foot to the other and unable to stand still. Her mum said to the younger daughter in my house to get her shoes on and get her bag and coat and she started to help the younger daughter. Meanwhile the teenager danced much more in a public street then came up my garden path to see her mum. I wondered if she was going to say what was troubling her or not but I didn’t want her to have an accident either.

At first she stood there dancing about, asking her mum to hurry up please but when the younger daughter went back into my lounge to say goodbye to my kids the teenager suddenly put her hand between her legs and looked at me with puppy dog eyes saying so quietly and shyly ‘would it be ok if I used your bathroom please. I’ve been bursting all afternoon in school and then on the bench waiting for mum and now in the car and I really am desperate and I really can’t wait until we drive home. Would that be ok?’ She was so apologetic and embarrassed at her obvious need and had so really wanted to wait until she was home.

I would never ever deny anyone a toilet ever so I was so glad she managed to get the confidence to ask as I am certain she would have had a huge accident in the car otherwise.

I really felt for her but I also did enjoy seeing her dance and her long apologetic begging was lovely. She must have had such a long pee too!

*004*2018-09-06 10:28

{{1 hour ago, Meowth said:

This is quickly turning into one of my favorite threads lol

}}

Well just for you here’s the next one!

Film crew

One day we made the news headlines for a community related thing that made national news. The media nowadays do more and more remotely and we had loads of photographs taken and I spent a hectic few days being interviewed. This caught the attention of a German TV channel who wanted to make a ten minute segment about us for a day time TV programme. Since the story was already heavily circulated I agreed and they arranged to travel up to Scotland from London by train. The crew consisted of a camera man and a reporter. They were both male.

Despite the fact the segment would only be ten minutes long they explained that this would involve filming us for most of the day so they could merge clips together. Some of the filming would be inside and some outside.

They stayed in a hotel and arrived at my house around 10am. I made them both a coffee as we discussed all their ideas and what they hoped to achieve. By 10:30 we started filming.

Doing anything with children involves regular breaks so by 11:15 we stopped and I made the children drinks and snacks and offered the crew another coffee which they happily accepted.

The next stage of filming was outside so we headed to the location on foot and took some natural footage. By now having had three hot drinks that day I was starting to need a bathroom break myself so imagined that the crew might be too. I really wanted to hold myself but I didn’t want shown on daytime TV fidgeting so when we got back home around 12:30 and my kids used the bathroom I sneaked in myself whilst leaving the crew in my kitchen to see what footage they had so far, eating sandwiches and having more coffee.

After lunch they had decided the kids could be entertained elsewhere as they wanted to interview me in my lounge. I was so glad at that point I had been to the bathroom but it was now three and a half hours the crew had been in my house and they had both had three mugs of coffee by now not accounting for anything they had drunk at breakfast at their hotel. I hadn’t preventing them using my bathroom but since neither had asked I never mentioned it.

As they set up their camera and microphones I saw the first signs in both of them that they were definitely feeling the need to urinate. The camera man was flustered and moving from foot to foot and the reporter stood with his legs crossed as he looked through a pad of notes about what he wanted to ask me. I was wired up with a mike and I sat on my couch while they set up various reflective stuff to make the lighting work best. The reporter was crossing his legs then standing straight then crossing his legs the other way. Meanwhile the camera man was struggling to hold his camera in both hands and remain still. The coffee was having too much of an affect on their bladders and I was sure one, if not both, were about to ask to use the bathroom before we started the interview. It was now almost 2:30 and they had their first coffee four and a half hours ago. I had already been once but nerves and lunch time drinks were making me need to go again myself so they must have been desperate.

The reporter was struggling to stand still now. The camera man had resorted to setting up his camera on a tripod as it was obvious he could not remain still enough himself either. Just before we started the reporter (a German man in his early thirties with shoulder length wavy brown hair and a great body) asked if he could borrow a dining chair to sit in ‘to be more relaxed and comfortable please’ as by now he had one hand in his pocket and he was bouncing on his heels. The camera man was kneeling down looking through his camera and he said to not look too often at the camera but instead to glance over ‘now and again’ and look at the reporter now and again too. He was kneeling on his own heel which I was sure was to help him hold a very full bladder.

The reporter sat and crossed his legs tightly before looking at his watch then asking me how far away the city train station was and how long a taxi would take to get there. I don’t stay that near the city so a taxi takes at least thirty minutes. He looked at his colleague and said ‘we are booked on the 4:30 train so we best get a move on now and we can edit tomorrow from the office. So we have about an hour and 15 minutes to get this right. You ok with that?’ His colleague was older, probably early forties with bald head, a beard and a little bit of a beer belly. I saw him briefly grab his member as he knelt down bouncing and he replied ‘it’ll be a close one!’

So we started the interview.

The reporter was trying to cover the fact he was holding himself and the camera man continued to squirm. I flustered over something I was saying so they cut for a second when the camera man stood up with both hands over his crotch saying ‘I know we are under time pressure but could I just use your bathroom a minute before I have an accident’ and at that he raced upstairs to release the huge burden in his bladder.

At this point the reporter, who was clearly just as desperate, bounced his leg frantically and muttered quietly, and clearly very embarrassed, ‘do you mind terribly if I go too?’ He could not even look at me so I tried to ease his embarrassment by saying gently ‘of course. You should have said sooner. You must be really needing with all that coffee.’ With his head down and his hand tightly clutching his member through his jeans he whispered ‘oh you wouldn’t believe how bad this is. The last two hours have been awful. It’s so embarrassing. You don’t have a second bathroom by any chance. It’s bad!’

I didn’t so he had to wait for his friend to finish before he could hobble up my stairs and let go of his dick. He finally came down a few minutes later looking so relaxed but with a clear wet patch at the front of his jeans.

The rest of the interview was fine and they texted to say they caught their train back fine.

They have probably long forgotten that interview but I haven’t!

*006*2018-09-06 15:05

{{18 minutes ago, Meowth said:

Das ist Wunderbar. Diese sind toll!

(Sorry if i mutilated some portion of that lol)

}}

I don’t know any German so it’s fine lol. I have no idea why German TV even wanted our story but since I got to see desperate men I don’t care lol

$$

*009*2018-09-10 16:07

International speaker

As part of my current job I met and became friends with a big international speaker. I was rather excited when he accepted an invitation to speak at a conference centre in my town so I happily invited him for a business lunch prior to his speaking engagement. It was a great opportunity to network and helpful for my career but I had no idea I would get to enjoy it in another unexpected way too.

The speaker friend was in his late twenties with blond hair, blue eyes and a great figure. He was tall, handsome and had an aura about him that was so attractive. I was quite in awe of him if truth be told.

After a few exchanges of messages it was arranged that I would pick him up from his hotel in the city around 10:30 and we would spend the day together until his event in early evening.

Despite the fact he was a well known speaker in his field I was surprised to find he was staying in a very basic hotel. It was in a more run-down area of the city and although not a branded hotel chain it was very much in the basic budget price range. I parked my car and found the reception area fairly easily. The speaker was sitting down with his legs crossed with a bag over his crotch area and a box at his feet. He stood when he saw me and shook my hand though he looked rather flustered and embarrassed. I offered to carry the box which was full of books he had written that he was hoping to sell but he said he would carry it as it was heavy and handed me his smaller rucksack. He walked quickly to my car and I had difficulty keeping up. As he arrived at my car just before me I noticed he was pacing a bit and moving from foot to foot. I unlocked the boot and he lifted the box in and we both climbed into the car.

As soon as he was in the passenger seat he crossed his legs right away and asked how my morning had been and if I had had a clear journey to pick him up. We exchanged pleasantries with each other but he seemed tense and uncomfortable. I reluctantly asked how the hotel was and he rather embarrassingly looked out the window and said he would not be booking there again whilst resting a hand at the top of his tightly crossed legs. Red faced he apologised saying he had not managed to have a shower since arriving two days previously as to his absolute horror the hotel had only shared bathrooms and so he avoided using it. Suddenly it occurred to me that his behaviours and embarrassment were because this huge respected international speaker was alone in my car bursting to pee and he most likely hadn’t been at all that morning yet!

I was too shy to mention it though so despite the fact that the thought was a huge turn on for me I felt that unless my friend said specifically I would not say anything more.

We arrived at my home office not much later and I was looking forward to having a cup of tea as the warm car and driving had made me thirsty. I hung my friend’s coat up as he seemed to tense himself up looking around no doubt seeing if he could locate a toilet. I invited him through to my dining kitchen where I filled the kettle with fresh water and switched it on. My gorgeous male friend crossed his legs and leaned against the counter. As I moved closer to him to open the cupboard for mugs I could see his shirt tight against his trousers where his bladder was enlarged.

I asked wether he preferred tea of coffee and made his preference. Once made I sat at the dining table and he followed suit immediately crossing his legs tightly and bouncing his knee. For a public speaker he seemed extremely shy to speak to me about his bathroom needs despite the fact it was clearly a very urgent matter for him. Still he remained professional and drank his coffee as we spoke about business related matters. As he relaxed slowly in my company he became much more obvious with his desperation at times even grabbing his penis under the dining table. His squirming was now very very obvious but he continued to finish his coffee and chat. We were both really enjoying each other’s company and the conversation became more relaxed and lighthearted until I said something that made him chuckle and he grabbed himself suddenly with both hands.

It was close to midday now when he looked right into my eyes as we sat across my dining table and his voice was so sexy, so erotic, so urgent.

‘Can I let you into a secret?’ he said with both hands tight over his penis.

‘Of course!’ I replied.

‘I haven’t had a piss since before bed last night’, he continued whilst bouncing both legs as if to emphasis the fact he was close to pissing himself.

‘I have been absolutely bursting since you picked me up from the hotel.’

By now he was standing openly holding himself and pee dancing like a man possessed.

‘I didn’t say because I was...well I was so embarrassed and then I was enjoying your company...and well...ummmm...sorry I can’t do this any longer could I use your bathroom please there is piss leaking out my dick...’

So I grabbed him by the arm and showed him where the bathroom was.

How he held on that long I will never know but it sure as hell had me drooling.

*012*2018-09-16 22:33

{{5 hours ago, wettingman said:

I enjoyed all your stories in this thread but for different reasons. As a straight male I prefer only female desperation stories that excite me.

However, I also hope to find a woman who enjoys my full bladder and desperate pee holding. So, I loved you telling how you enjoyed watching men desperately squirming. Thank you.

}}

Being a huge fan of yours I am really touched by your comment. I have more to add to the collection as soon as I can. Thanks for reading!

*014*2018-11-08 22:56

I wanted to add to this so here’s another one:

The electrician

I was getting a new boiler fitted. A few days prior to the boiler being fitted the company sent out an electrician to check my wiring was all ok. Now I know absolutely nothing about stuff like that but I showed him to the fuse box and made polite conversation. He said the job ought to be quick but he was happy to accept a mug of coffee.

I took the coffee to him and carried on with what I had to do. About 15 minutes later he came and found me in the kitchen to return his empty mug and to let me know he was having some problems and would be much longer than he expected.

He was in his early thirties, short neat black hair, fit but cuddly and very polite. He explained that my earth wire required some work and he may need to turn the electric off to different areas as he tested the fuse box. I wasn’t going anywhere so I told him to take as long as he needed to.

I carried on with what I was doing and about half an hour later asked how he was getting on. He seemed a little frustrated but busy so I once again left him.

I got distracted with some stuff but by now he had been here an hour so I asked if he wanted another coffee and he said it might help but he may need to pop out for a part but he would see what he had in his van first.

It was winter and very cold out as he popped to his van to search for the part. I didn’t want to leave my door open with the cold air so I looked out the window to watch for him coming back. He looked so cold outside and I assumed that was why he was moving around more almost marching on the spot. Then it suddenly dawned on me what cold air can do to someone who has consumed liquid. I watched him more just in case.

He took some tools and boxes out his van and moved some stuff around before replacing the items back in and locking his van. All the time he kept moving his legs. He wore navy work trousers with a branded work shirt sleeve top and work jacket. He came back in and knelt on the floor by my hall cupboard. He was bouncing on his knees complaining how cold it was outside and by now I was fairly sure he was needing to piss.

He opened the box he had brought in and continued to tinker but he was flustered and distracted. I suggested I make that second cuppa to warm him up and he nodded.

I left him to make the coffee but when I returned he was sitting on my bottom stair bouncing his legs with some wires, fuses and other stuff in his hands. I sat his coffee down and asked casually if he was ok. He muttered that the job was turning out much trickier than he expected but thanked me for the drink and the biscuit I had brought.

I moved my laptop into the lounge so I could see and hear him more as he worked and drank his coffee all the time bouncing his knee continually. He rubbed the top of his leg a few times too. It was incredibly sexy to watch.

Finally he seemed to have fixed the wire and he sat in the floor to replace it into the earth for my fuse box. He was almost lying on the floor as he worked but clearly squirming as he did so.

Ten minutes or so later he tidied away his tools, took a photo of his work on his mobile and came into the room with some paperwork to sign and the empty mug and plate. He had his legs crossed casually as he stood and he thanked me for my patience and my coffee.

I asked what had happened to cause the job to be bigger than he thought and he explained while moving around a fair bit. It turned out my fuse box was older and needed a bigger earth or something and had been fiddly to fix. He showed me where to sign and watched as I did so.

As I handed him his form he seemed to suddenly fill with embarrassment as he crossed his legs, looked at the floor and mumbled ‘could I possibly use your bathroom please before I leave?’

My body longed to say no but my hear one and I told him where it was. It was a long five minutes before he appeared back downstairs!

*018*2018-12-27 22:47

I have a few more I will add when time allows

*023*2019-05-04 21:43

Finally had a chance to write more of these up.

Heres my next one:

The student nurse

My son had been experiencing some difficulties and a referral was put in to a specialist mental health nursing team. For a few months they cane to the house to visit, often for up to an hour and a half at a time, to support me and my son.

This particular visit I had had a call beforehand to ask if my usual support worker could bring a student with her to shadow her. Everyone needs an opportunity to learn so I readily agreed.

They were due mid afternoon but as was common they were a little late. On arrival at my door the support worker introduced the young student, a girl in her early twenties, average build with shoulder length brown hair who looked anxious and awkward. She apologised for the delay explaining that they had been out all day visiting families and had been caught up.

Lots had been going on at that time so I showed them in and we started bringing the student up to date on things. I noticed the student sat upright on my couch with her legs crossed though she was taking notes and engaging in the conversation. She asked some relevant questions but still seemed a little tense. With my children out I offered them both a cup of tea or coffee (standard hospitality here in uk) and my usual worker told the student how I made great coffee and they should have one as not every house offered and the next visit would have children home. The student reluctantly agreed though I could see she was nervous. I assumed she was perhaps concerned as the cleanliness and standard in some houses they visited may have put her off before? Once I brought the drinks in the atmosphere was a little more relaxed but still the student was very tense. She changed positions on the couch a few times and she seemed rather fidgety.

We continued talking and the worker updated the student on our history and things we had tried. The student took notes but her hand seemed sweaty and her legs were now tightly crossed. For the next half hour to 45 minutes she became more and more restless and I became more and more convinced she was bursting for the toilet. She had suit trousers on with pinstripes, a tidy plain blouse and high heeled shoes and while crossed legged and sat forward she was swinging her top leg rather a lot. Her face became more and more tense and by now they had both finished their coffees.

For the final half of the visit the young student became more and more antsy and fidgety and quieter and quieter. Her cheeks were flushed and I could see her mind was definitely on something other than what we were talking about. I felt so sorry for her as I could tell right away that she desperately wanted to use my bathroom but for several reasons she didn’t feel comfortable asking. My usual support worker outlined what she wanted me to try with my son until the next meeting and we agreed on another date to meet. I asked the student how she was enjoying her time in the team as we wound down and she muttered she was learning loads but it was stressful at times too. I felt terrible for her as by now she had a hand at the top of her legs and she was subtly rocking and red and sweaty. Now she was expected to stand and leave which I guessed would be increasingly hard in her predicament. I was right!

The poor student could not stand still! She moved from one foot to the other as she lifted her bag and put her coat on. I knew they were in a hurry but I was genuinely concerned about the girl. I wanted to take her to my bathroom to save her dignity but didn’t want to embarrass her at all. Thankfully an opportunity arose when my usual worker thanked me for having them both round and smiled at the student saying something about how good my coffee was. The girl looked at the ground and muttered that it was great but that it had went right through her and she lifted her eyes enough to say quietly ‘would it be Ok to use your bathroom before we go please?’ At that she pee danced a bit and bit her lip as I pointed upstairs to my only loo.

She raced up my stairs to my bathroom and my worker smiled and commented how she had a feeling she’d had to go a while as she was usually much chattier and focussed. She went on to say how they had both been out since just after 9am (it was now at least 3:30pm) and had a sandwich and drink in the car between visits.

The girl came back down soon after much more relaxed and thankful.

