Cheerwine

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2020-08-29 21:09

My parents have always been very strict on what I ate, how much skin I was showing, where I went, etc. Their biggest thing, food/drink wise, was that we weren't allowed to drink soda or anything with high fructose corn syrup. Water, milk, no-sugar-added juice: all that was fine. But god forbid you ask for a soda at a restaurant.

Needless to say, when I got into high school, I became obsessed with figuring out what my favorite kind of soda was. I would work out at a near by barn for cash (my parents thought I was doing it voluntarily), hide the cash when I got home, then take it with me to school and buy a few sodas from the vending machine before class started and during lunch. I had to make sure I could finish them before I got picked up after school or there would be hell to pay.

I tried them all. Every soda in the vending machine. And I loved it.

Then the school got a new soda vendor and we suddenly were getting some strange flavors from out of state. I had to try them.

The first time I tried Cheerwine, it was love at first taste. It tasted nothing like anything I had ever had. And there was an added benefit: it made me need to pee like a racehorse (no idea why).

Naturally, I needed more.

One day, after I had just gotten paid, I bought four bottles before school and downed them within the first hour of class. My classmates kept looking at me funny because I kept pulling another bottle out of my backpack. And another. And another.

They all hit me at the same time, and naturally in the one class who had a teacher who would NOT let you go to the toilet. I knew I had to hold it, but it was hard.

Within an hour of class starting (classes were an hour and a half long), I already was sporting a bit of a bulge in my usually muscular stomach. By the time class was almost over, I was damn near a pretzel in my chair I had to go so bad. But, by god, did it feel good! I know I leaked at least once, though not enough to do much other than dampen my panties.

When the bell finally rang, I could literally feel the urine sloshing in my bladder as I gingerly walked down the two flights of stairs to the nearest toilets. I felt like I was at least seven months pregnant with pee.

I had to stop once on the second floor to subtly do a potty dance (not easy during passing time) but I finally made it to the toilet. I managed to keep my composure in line until I was in the actual restroom itself, but once inside, my hands were in my crotch and I was dancing wildly trying to keep my pee in.

I had never been so close to wetting myself in public before, but it felt marvelous. And to be honest with you, I've been chasing that high ever since.

*003*2020-08-29 23:03

{{36 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Wow that does sound like a superhuman effort to hold so much inside you through the lesson and not even ask if you could go. You truly have a bladder of steel and that queue must have been a killer as well. It sounds like you noticeably bulge so people could tell how full you were but even so I bet the sound of your powerful pee was huge for those waiting in the queue as you went!

}}

Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how you look at it) my bladder has gotten weaker with age. The good thing is it leads to more desperation, which is a major kink of mine, but I can't hold the same capacity that I once did. So yay, but also boo.

To finish the story, it was like breaking the seal. I had to pee so bad every hour for the rest of the day and had to go twice during lunch. Like I said, chasing that high ever since.

*006*2020-08-30 02:45

{{2 hours ago, shortmetalboi said:

Wow thats an incredible story! Do you ever try to do long holds to see if you can get to that same level? If you do, do you often wet yourself?

}}

I do long holds regularly, however these are not generally for my own pleasure. I do occasionally leak while doing these, but I've never gotten to the point of full on wetting. Your question did make me curious as to what my holding capacity is.... so I know what I'm doing tonight!

*008*2020-08-30 06:01

{{1 hour ago, shortmetalboi said:

That's awesome! Let us know his it goes!

}}

Only 600ml that I could catch, unfortunately. This does not include the leaks (obviously) or the dribbles that escaped into the toilet. Or the fact I had to pee again immediately after having dumped the first lot. Probably peed out an additional 100ml. So rough guesstimate of 700ml total.

I was hoping for a liter, but I gotta say I’m rather happy with this amount.

$$

