Wet Twitch Stream

Author: violentdreams

*000*2021-11-23 18:35

A little bit of introduction, I stream pretty often on Twitch. While my community is small, they're very nice, and I love to stream for them. Today, though, my body had a different stream in mind when I wanted to go live on Twitch.

I struggle with holding my bladder on the daily. Usually, I only get a few minutes warning of desperation before I'm going to wet myself, without even feeling the urge to go beforehand. Combine that with my love of energy drinks, and you get a lot of close calls throughout the day. Today was no exception to that. Just a few minutes after I went live, I really, really needed to go to the bathroom. But I couldn't stop just yet! I'd just started! I felt trapped, so I just rocked back and forth in my chair. It helped a bit, and by focusing on the game and on the chat, I was able to hold it for a little while.

Eventually, of course, I started to leak. I wiggled and rocked in place, trying to keep from leaking, because I didn't want to wet myself on a live stream! I stayed absolutely silent as it happened, apart from talking to my viewers, even though I wanted to whine and grab myself. The leaks kept happening, no matter how hard I tried to hold it, and they eventually escalated into heavy spurts that told me I wasn't going to last more than a few minutes. I thought about it for a good minute, leaking the whole time and gradually getting my underwear wetter and wetter. I have no webcam, and if I was quiet, no one would know what happened. Besides, I had a blanket under me. If I had an accident, it wouldn't be hard to clean.

I made my decision, took a deep breath, and relaxed. I instantly let out a heavy stream, which was thankfully quieted by the fact I was sitting on a towel and still fully clothed. I peed a lot longer than I thought I was going to- I was fuller than I thought I was. It felt amazing, though, and I had to keep myself from making any noise in relief into my microphone. Eventually I finished, and went on with the stream as if nothing happened.

I ended my stream, and now I'm still sitting in my accident, letting out little spurts every now and again when my bladder starts to fill up. I'll clean up eventually- but this accident felt really good.

*003*2021-11-25 03:52

{{On 11/23/2021 at 9:42 PM, Alex62 said:

Hot story!! May I ask what game you were streaming?

}}

Dont starve together lol ^-^

