100% accidental leaking in NYC

Author: jtlovespee

*000*2019-04-02 03:43

Hi all, it’s been a while since I’ve had an actual accident. In my day to day life I am usually close to a bathroom. Tonight it happened.

Tonight I am NYC for work and decided to go for a walk around the city after dinner. I had several diet cokes at dinner but didn’t think anything of it. After walking through the busy Times Square and not really paying attention to my bladder. I decided it was time to walk back to the hotel and also suddenly realized how badly I needed to pee. If you have been to Nee York you know bathrooms are hard to come by but I thought I could make it.

Well it took longer than expected and I was very surprised to all of the sudden have a spurt of pee wet my briefs. I actually gasped out loud because I wasn’t even holding on at the moment. My bladder didn’t even warn me it was going to come out. Of course I quickly stopped it. I should say I was wearing tight-ish jogging pants as well that thankfully were black.

I thought for sure it was a fluke to have leaked a bit. That was until another, longer leak occurred. This time I felt the warmth surround my parts. Now I was nervous. I was actually starting to wet myself. I was within 2 minutes of the hotel and several more small spurts came out until I got into my room, pulled off my pants and underwear and peed for like 3 minutes.

I snapped a picture of my underwear drying in the hotel room so you can see the proof. Enjoy

$$

