Wet myself in a petrol station toilet and had to wait on the way out

Author: mugfulloftea

*000*2022-01-05 02:01

This happened the other day. I'd decided on a bit of fun, so I chugged some water, waited a while, got in the car and drove around waiting for the inevitable.

I've been wetting myself quite often recently, so right now my bladder feels a bit weaker than usual. I don't think it's my actual bladder getting weaker, it feels more like a psychological effect - if I've peed in my pants regularly and recently, I get used to it and it's harder to convince my bladder that "now is not the time". Takes much less fluid to get me to my squirming stage.

This meant it wasn't long before I needed the loo pretty badly. Luckily I'd already put a bin liner and a towel down on the car seat, so when the spurts came, they didn't do any damage.

I was wearing very tight black skinny jeans, so it wasn't even very obvious once they'd stopped glistening and the pee had properly soaked into them. So far, so good.

However, as anyone who's spurted in their pants "just to relieve the pressure" will know, the spurt is always longer than you think, and although each mini-piss gives you some temporary relief, the urgency returns even worse just a few minutes later. It only buys time - sooner or later I had to find a toilet. I didn't want to risk emptying a bladderful of pee into the car seat with only a small towel and bin liner to protect it.

Eventually I found a petrol station. I drove onto the forecourt, and parked up next to the kiosk. I got out of the car and nervously looked down at my jeans, now brightly lit by the big white forecourt lights. There were a couple of people on the forecourt and in the kiosk. My wet patch was certainly noticeable, but it had soaked in so at least it wasn't glistening any more. Small mercies. As calmly as I could, I walked to the door, went in, saw the toilet sign immediately, headed into the cubicle and locked the door behind me, hoping nobody had looked at my jeans.

I was already bursting again, but of course, me being me, I wasn't going to just pee in the toilet the normal way. Instead, I pretended my zipper was stuck, enjoyed holding myself and twisting my legs together for a few seconds, then as I started to spurt uncontrollably, did the best thing you can do if you can't take your jeans down - sat on the toilet and pissed full force into my jeans. At least this way the wet patch would only be visible on the top of my jeans, not all the way down my legs, and also I wouldn't make a mess on the floor. I've attached a video with this bit - sorry there's no sound.

Having fully relieved myself, but with my black jeans now soaking wet on the front and back, all I had to do was leave, walk back to my car, and drive off, without anyone noticing. Easy, right?

Well, not really! It was 11pm, and at that time this petrol station closes its kiosk and the only way you can pay for petrol is at the little night pay window. I left the toilet and walked back towards the kiosk exit, to find the automatic doors closed, and one of the staff turning a key which was rolling the shutters down. I stopped a couple of metres from the door, she saw me, she said "oh sorry, I didn't know you were in here, I'll open the doors for you..."

So she turned the key the other way and I had to wait there in my pissy jeans as the shutters slowly came up again. I stood a couple of metres from the door, what I thought was a safe distance where my wetting wouldn't be too obvious. Right, so I just have to wait for her to open the door for me, this shouldn't take too long, right?

Finally the shutter was fully open, and she tried to open the automatic doors. Nothing happened. She tried a few more times. Nothing happened. She apologised and had to call over her colleague.

So there I was, stuck in the kiosk, having just a minute ago emptied a whole bladderful of piss through my jeans in the loo, with two members of staff now both apologising to me and trying to get the door open so I could leave! I was just praying they wouldn't notice I'd thoroughly wet myself.

They fiddled about with the door control panel for a few minutes more. Occasionally they said something like "sorry about this, we just need to reopen the doors..." and I'd make light of it and say "oh it's quite all right, don't worry..." I couldn't exactly tell them the truth, that I'd just wet myself and would very much like to get back to my car!

By this time, a queue was forming at the night pay window with people paying for the petrol they'd just bought, queueing right past my car. They could all see me through the window of course, but I was pretty sure they couldn't tell my jeans were wet. The two women working on the door didn't say anything to suggest they'd noticed, and they were just in front of me.

Anyway, after what must have been five minutes of me standing behind these locked doors in my wet jeans, they finally got the door open. "There, sorry about that!" said. "It's okay," I replied, as I walked back to my car as quickly as I could. My car was near the night pay window, so I knew I'd have to walk right up close to the queue of guys.

Then as I approached my car, I saw that a couple of them - perhaps late teens, early 20s - were smiling at each other and looking at me. When I reached my car, I noticed the damp towel and bin liner still on the driver's seat. They'd been queueing right past my car, and they must have seen the towel, and seen me dash into the loo, come out, and shyly keep a distance from the staff when they tried to open the door...

I gave a sort of embarrassed smile at them as I got into my car and drove off. I guess it could have been worse... if I'd been a few minutes later I wouldn't have been allowed in to the kiosk, and I would almost certainly have wet myself right there on the forecourt.

Wetting Myself On The Toilet In Black Jeans.mp4

