My Wet Walk in the Park

Author: Icequeentrex

*000*2021-03-23 22:40

Hi all! I've been a long time reader of these stories and I decided it was finally time to share one of my own experiences! This story took place last summer when my country's covid restrictions were lightened and public parks opened up again.

I picked a particularly warm and sunny day to head out to the park as I wanted to enjoy the good weather as well as wetting myself. I packed a bag with several bottles of water and snacks, my phone, and a book. I wore plain grey panties and a pair of black basketball shorts that made any wetness nearly impossible to notice. I also decided not to wear a bra under my t-shirt because I felt it added to naughtiness of what I planned to do.

The walk to the park from my house was pretty short, only about 10 minutes, so I decided to not use the bathroom after my breakfast to add a little more urgency to the journey. I did not feel much of a need to pee as I walked, but the heat did make me thirsty pretty quickly. I had several sips of water while I walked and I could feel my bladder beginning to stir.

When I got to the park I looked for the best location to set myself up for the day. The park was basically a big field with large trees scattered around the grass, providing lots of comfy places to lay down and enjoy the sun. The reason I chose the park was because it was fairly large and people tended to be spread out so there was little chance of me having to interact with anyone, but I would still be visible to everyone in the park. This was ideal for me because I wanted to pee myself around other people but not have it be obvious to them what I was doing.

I spotted one good tree to sit down under. There was no one else close by and the leaves of the tree were thin enough that lots of sun still fell on me. I sat down against the tree and pulled out my book and water bottle, ready to relax for the day. My need to pee was already strong enough that I would have looked for a bathroom in most other situations, but my plan today was to stay sitting beside the tree until I was ready to go home.

After about 20 minutes of reading the pressure on my badder got to the point where it was slightly distracting. I had a quick look at my surroundings and, noticing that no one was nearby, decided to give myself some relief. At first I could not relax my muscles as being outside in the middle of the day was not the situation I am used to peeing in. But after a moment I could feel the tell-tale tingle of pee between my legs and another moment later I felt the warmth and wetness begin to spread around my butt. At first I had to concentrate on peeing but after a second or two the relief of letting go washed over me and I leaned my head against the tree trunk in total relaxation. The feeling of peeing with my clothes on while I could see other people not too far away was amazing. I tried to be as covert as possible checking my shorts for signs of wetness, which I could not spot, and the grass did a great job of soaking up my pee as well.

I continued to sit by the tree for a couple hours, reading my book and enjoying the dampness I was sitting in. The exciting warmth in my shorts turned to a refreshing coolness after a few minutes. Every breeze reminded me that I had peed myself and gave me a small jolt of excitement knowing that I was totally soaked in a relatively public area, even though nobody would be able to tell I had wet myself even if they got up close.

The best part of my day at the park was being able to pee whenever I felt the urge. I stayed in the same place beside the tree all day, reading, drinking, and peeing without having to move. There is something so liberating about never having to interupt what you're doing to go to the bathroom, especially outdoors when I normally needed to look for some secluded place to squat down. It didn't take long before I could pee without having to think about it and I could feel warmth spreading around me without taking my eyes off the page.

When I finally decided to walk back home I was barely even aware of my wet shorts. I came back to reality when I stood up and felt the cold air on my butt. Luckily my choice of clothes prevented my very wet shorts from being visible, but a single touch would give me away. The walk home felt fantastic as the wind made it impossible for me to forget how wet I was. At this point I had gotten pretty brave (maybe too brave) and I decided I would wet once more beside a baseball field very close to my house.

The field was completely empty so I sat down on a bench beside the walking trail and relaxed. I started peeing almost immediately, and I could hear my pee as it splashed on the ground. It felt different from peeing while sitting in the grass and it was an exicting way to end the day. I stood up as soon as I stopped peeing so that some stray drops ran down my legs. The was a wet spot on the bench where I had been sitting.

As I walked off the trail and onto the street where my house is located I passed two jogging women. I had a mini-heart attack as they ran past because I was afraid they might notice the drops on my legs but they obviously never said anything. I do wonder if either of them had noticed the wet spot I had left on the bench.

