Whole Day holding

Author: tumbin

*000*2017-02-28 10:48

This is my first post here in Omorashi.org. It is when me and my girlfriend got lost on our way to a mall but we were not from there. I hope you guys enjoy.

"Luke are you sure the mall is thisway?" My girlfriend asked me for the tenth time. "Nicole I told you I know where I'm going. It says here on the GPS. The mall is around here somewhere." I told my girlfriend while staring at the GPS. Me and Nicole have been together for a long time now. Our 8 month anniversary is next week. "I really don't want to be late for my job interview. I worked so hard to get there." My girlfriend is industrious and hardworking. One of the reasons why I love her. But one thing still stands out why I'm attracted to her.

"Well stop drinking so loudly. It's starting to annoy me. That's the fifth cup of coke you drank. And you still have two more." I said with an annoyed tone. We were driving for 8 hrs. Because we were moving to a new place when I got a call from an employer from Iowa. Before we check out this new place, we came to Nicole's job interview first. Along the way, we stopped by two McDonald's place. And Nicole haven't went yet."I get thirsty really quickly. It's not my problem I get dehydrated faster than you."

"Well don't blame me if you're bladder starts aching. I'm not stopping. We're two hours behind schedule because you woke up late." The main reason why I'm attracted to her is because how she reacts how she needs to pee. She holds it every time we were alone but she gets uncomfortable if needs to go in public. There was one time I recalled when she pissed herself. But that story is for another time. Now where was I..."Shut up Luke! I told you we don't speak of that ever again."

"It's your problem not mine. Just don't piss all over the seat. These are new."

"How am I supposed to do... O God!" She was about to ask but it hit her. The holding game began. "What's wrong Nicole?" She grabbed her crotch with her two hands and began shifting and moving her body. "Shit, I think I have to pee. Shut up don't say anything that might make me piss myself. I need to stay dry for the interview."Just don't mess up these seats please. Plus this is your fault. You don't use the loo before we left and you drank that much soda. This is on you." I said to her angrily for not listening to what I said. We were riding my new Nissan gtr as a gift from the dad. And I don't want it to smell like pee for the first week I drove it." Alright Luke just shut up. I'll try to concentrate on not wetting myself. It's just super hard. How far is this mall from here?"

We came from Colorado and traffic was pretty light. " I say about 8 miles until we get there. Which is 2 more hours." Nicole looked at me with a worried face and turn around to her window. An hour pass she was fidgeting even more." Are you okay Nicole? You been moving a lot." When she was about to answer I can tell she leaked herself. I can see I wet patch on her crotch the size of a golf ball." Hmm, no. Shut up. I think I leaked a bit. How much longer till we get there?" I answered worriedly not because of she might loss control, but my new seat could be ruined.

But watching her piss herself is a consolation. She was wearing a pink mini skirt and light blue shirt and a white hoodie. Without the hoodie on, you can see her slim body. It attracted a lot of guys but she was my closest friend and we got along pretty well than other guys. "I think an hour to 45 minutes max." She moaned really loud and crossed her legs and placed her hands in her crotch and she moves to stop leaking. Last time she leaked she yelled really loud. A stream got out but luckily her hoodie was under her bum. We found this mall and we had to look for parking. I found a spot but it was at the back of the lot. It was almost a three mminute walk to the entrance.

"Alright were here. Get out, take a piss and go to your interview." I told her while holding herself tightly in the same position. Abou t half way walking there she fell to the ground, and started Sobbing. " I can't do it anymore. I can't hold back, it's gonna burst." I looked at her skirt and it faded and got wet really quickly. A lake of pee formed around her. Some guys took a video and a picture of her. I grabbed her and escorted to my car. Later I found the guys and asked to pass the pictures and videos to me. I took her spare clothes and escorted her to a bathroom. We headed to a hotel after that. And we had separate rooms, one for both of us. She needed time to relax and recover. And to reschedule her interview. Unfortunately the photos and videos I got were incompatible so I can't share it with you guys. Luckily we weren't broken or separated. She was just too embarrassed to be in a room with me.

