London and some sightings (desp)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2017-07-21 22:18

Hey omo.org! I know I haven't posted in ages, but that's been due to some responses I've gotten in the past that have made me not want to post.

However, this website has given me lots of friends who I chat with regularly, and one of those friends is homeanddry, who I have shared stories with in the past, as we have met a few times in real life.

I'm back in the country for graduation, so thought I could meet up with H, we went to London as that's easiest to meet for us, a halfway point sort of.

I bought a horrible blood orange flavour drink for my breakfast, which reduced my liquid intake as I was actually pretty reluctant to drink it, but sipped it on my journey up there. It was pretty uneventful on the train and the tube journey.

We got some food from tesco as well as even more water as H and I both had packed some, and then ventured to a place with plenty greenery. It was pretty warm to start with and we started walking until we sat on a bench for a while. H and I tried to finish the extremely sour drink I'd bought and eventually managed it, but it was pretty appalling for desperation standards!

Whilst we were there it got cold and drizzly so we stayed there a little bit then went on. It was at this point that I felt the urge to go a little bit, and I think H did too. It was nothing concerning and we walked about quite slowly taking photos of stuff.

The cold and the rain never helps such a situation, but I kept getting thirsty with the taste of that other drink in my mouth!

After an hour or so I wasn't greatly desperate yet but we stopped to eat lunch and H was starting to show signs of needing to go, by the way he was slightly hobbling, and also some gasping and facial expressions. I poured a little water that I was drinking on his knee and asked him if that helped, he said "...no" haha.

We wanted to go and look at some animals so we made our way down and H kept mentioning it more and more. We sat on a different bench and watched some geese, then went over to look at some deer. We were going to look at more animals when we came across the toilets. There were two disable/baby change public toilet things, H said he wanted to wait longer but needed to make sure they were available. He went up to one door and it was locked!

I think he was a little bit panicked at that point, but the other one opened! We carried on walking then, both drinking quite a lot of water, which was even meaning I was outwardly showing signs, especially where it was cold and damp. For me it was really external and barely there if I sat down, but I couldn't stay still stood up. H was really distracted now, and sat really still. We were just about to breach the subject when a guy came by with his dog who insisted on telling us some stories about his dogs, I found it amusing knowing how badly H had to go to the toilet but out of politeness was acting as normal as possible. The guy eventually went away and I was interested in lemurs, but H turned to me and said we could come back in a minute but he couldn't wait much longer.

As we walked round he had one hand in his coat pocket, to me that is an obvious sign for struggling with desperation, but it wasn't noticeable to most people. I looked after his stuff and sat down whilst he went, but he took aaaageees and apologised when he finally finished saying he really had to go a lot.

After a while more walking around I was starting to struggle to not have my legs crossed and was subconsciously clenching at my thigh. It was really external, so it was urgent but didn't feel like there was a lot there. I think I could have waited longer but we had to start heading back, so we went back to the toilets, where someone was in there. I sort of bounced a little bit and H asked me if I were okay but I was trying to get him to be more subtle as there was a park worker close by!

Nothing more interesting happened after that! I went just fine but as I made my way back across London after saying bye to H, I had to go straight to catch the next train after getting off the underground at waterloo and I already knew I had to go again.

All the water I'd been drinking was catching up, and my bladder felt really full and I was trying hard not to move at all. H had given me a 900 ml bottle of water but I wasn't even able to drink it, despite being thirsty!

Eventually it was my stop and I got out of the station and went to the nearby shopping centre, looking quite frantically for the toilets, with each step jostling my bladder. I found them eventually but they seemed really far away! I got in and slammed shut the cubicle door and danced a bit whilst I got my jeans down and could finally go after an hour or so of waiting!

So that was yesterday's events and today was graduation. We had to get there a couple of hours before the ceremony and most people didn't go in between getting gowns and being in the hall. They sent us out in rows, and when the first row stood up a guy behind me said "I hope there are toilets down there I'm bursting!". There wasn't and there certainly wasnt time for it, but I didn't hear anything else from him! Also as I was leaving I heard a girl say " I need a weeeee" and her friends laughing and agreeing.

Anyway nothing more occurred so that concludes a couple of day's happenings.

Hope it was interesting!

EQ

