A privat picnic

Author: Apeeling

*000*2011-09-09 16:41

This is one of my most fond memories regarding wetting. It was back when I'd recently discovered my love for it, and I was doing it as often as I could.

It was summer vacation and the weather was perfect. I decided that I wanted to go to the nearby park with a book and a planket so I could relax for myself a bit. At the last minute I also brought my small vibrator thinking that maybe I could play a little too, if there weren't people around (I'm big on imagined-exhibitionism, not the real thing so much).

I brought a sandwich and lots of water with me, knowing that it was hot out and I'd definitely get dehydrated if I didn't.

But on my way walking to the park I realized I might have over-done it with the drinking because I had to pee. I definitely didn't want to go back again, so being me, I thought that I'd just do as I'd done before and pee through my panties. I had a skirt on so people wouldn't notice anyway.

Checking that no-one was watching I stopped walking and just relaxed, letting the pee dribble down my legs and form a puddle on the road. The thrill was awesome, and I think I might even have giggled. I walked on trying not to look like I was wearing soaked panties and trying not to get too hot and bothered by that thought.

Well, I got to the park(which is huge btw) and set up my little oasis in a remote corner of it near some trees and shielded off from the rest of the park pretty good.

I deicded to take of my skirt to dry off, arguing that people seeing it would just think it was a cute white bikini bottom.

Then I spend the next hour and half reading and drinking water. I might have intentionally drunk a bit more water than I was really thirsty for, who knows ;b

Feeling my bladder getting really full again I contemplated doing as before and getting up to pee through my panties, but in a daring moment decided not too. I was going to try and hold it for as long as possible, and then.... Then I was going to wet right here on my fluffy blue blanket where everyone could see it. The thought got me aroused which actually helped a bit with the urge to pee.

I held for maybe half an hour more, keeping up the drinking. I don't think my brain processed a single of the words I read in that time. I was getting more jumpy all the time, thinking that maybe someone would walk by or maybe the park would be filled with people suddenly. But I didn't chicken out, and finally when I was basically squirming to hold it, I decided it was time.

Lying on my stomach, I spread my legs to make it easier, and then let go. At first only a few drops dribbled out - any who tried it will know how hard it is too pee lying down.

Then a gush of pee that soaked the bottom of my panties once more. The shock made me clench my muscles again, but I tried relaxing once more, knowing I hadn't wet the blanket at all yet. One more gush, biting my lip, a thin, steady stream now, and then suddenly it was just running out of me, soaking the blanket and the bottom of my t-shirt, hot agaisnt my stomach. I could feel it spread under me, feel it down my thighs, and the heat was delicious. I love the feeling of letting go.

It felt like I could go on forever, but slowly the stream faded and stopped. I was panting a bit, aroused beyond thinking both because of the puplic setting but also because the wetting was so like bedwetting a huge fantasy of mine. I quickly got out the vibrator I'd brought with me, and without a care for people seeing I slided off the wet panties and turning to my back I began playing with myself, grinding my butt against the wetness beneath me.

That's the fastest I've ever come.

Please comment and tell me what you thought :) Oh, and all of this is true. When I came home I told my mom I'd spilled water on the blanket and hung it out to dry xD

*004*2011-09-11 09:32

Yes well - I am very daring xD Sometimes I wonder myself how the devil I had the guts to masturbate over there, since there's always people walking their dogs and such over there... It was pure luck I wasn't seen. Well... I think I wasn't seen! I'm not actually sure.

