Partner pissed himself on shrooms

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2022-03-07 03:47

I don't think my partner is on this forum but if he is, hey sexy!

I'll call my partner C for privacy. C is a 5'6" slender white guy. I know I'm biased, but he is very attractive. He was wearing blue sports style shorts, a grey shirt with a red flannel shirt open over it, and pink striped socks in sandals (He's a socks guy.) One more cute fact, he has a tiny bladder. Usually has to pee at least once an hour.

This weekend my partners and I went camping with a friend on a lake island. It's important to note that there was no formal campground, running water, or bathroom. We had a bucket with a toilet seat as a commode. During this time they wanted to do magic mushrooms (psychedelics) and I volunteered to trip sit. They had done shrooms before, but this was a new variety.

Long story short, the shrooms hit way harder than expected. My friend (Let's call him P) was off his ass. I had to move him out of the sun cause he forgot how to walk. C walks with a cane, so it was already hard for him to walk the 150 feet (50 meters) or so to the toilet before he was hallucinating. After the shrooms hit I was responsible for transporting both C and P to the potty. C and I made the trip three times in four hours.

For a little while C was relaxing in our tent and I guess he was drinking water and tea too, though I didn't see that. I was working on making dinner.

Suddenly, he asks if I can take him to pee. We start to walk away and I have him stop so I can run back and grab toilet paper. He just said "go" so I did. I got back, handed him the toilet paper, and we set off. It was slow guiding him through the forest while he had no depth perception. We're about a cars length away from the toilet when he stops.

I stop too, expecting him to continue. Instead he just says "It's happening right here." I go "what?" and he says "I'm pissing my shorts." As soon as he said that I jumped to take the toilet paper from him. His hand free, he quickly got his shorts down and dropped to a squat.

He was already pissing full force as he got his shorts down, and it hissed like a fire hydrant. Even though I was concerned it was still amazing to watch. He must have drunk a lot of water because even at a squat he was pissing for a while.

When he finished I apologized for holding him up and he said it was fine. He had pissed his socks, shoes, and shorts; though the shorts weren't bad. He had to change when we got back.

I'm going to be thinking about that accident for a while!

Free picture from the lake since I don't have one of the accident.

*005*2022-03-10 06:23

{{20 minutes ago, Dthompson said:

He said he got into diapers after wetting his pants enough times doing shrooms that he figured it’s just be easier wearing a diaper, then he realized how amazing they are and never turned back haha

}}

I can totally see that! I did shrooms recently and you bet I wore a pull-up. I'll even use them when I'm doing dabs with friends since I know I'll leak

