New Job, New Opprtunities

Author: scinosensation

*000*2020-11-29 06:59

I was starting a new job in a new place and I had been determined to give up all my omorashi and omutsu activities. However I had seen my new boss wet her pants and I was certain that my new girlfriend had wet her pants after delaying getting home by close to an hour. She said the reason she didn’t just go in her panties was that she was afraid of what I would thin; to me it was notable that she said nothing about people don’t do that, etc.

The next Saturday we drove about an hour and half to visit friends of hers. I had a hard time relating to them and was bored. We were there several hours and I had a few beers then switched to soft drinks. We finally got ready to leave. My bladder seemed not at all full so I just pretended to use the toilet. We started the drive back and my bladder started to fill. We had driven over an hour when I asked how soon we would be home. She said about 20 minutes. 45 minutes later we were about 10 blocks from our apartment. My bladder was sending ever stronger pressure waves. I thought I really might not make it home in time. We came to a stop light that turned red just as we got there. I was struggling with a very strong pressure wave in my bladder.

I pushed the brake pedal and I felt an orgasmic release and warmth spread at my crotch and between my legs to my butt. I pondered what I should do. The light turned green. I told her I couldn’t wait. She asked couldn’t wait for what. I told I was almost too embarrassed to say. She said I could tell her. I told her I had an accident. She asked what kind of accident. I told her the kind that kids who are not potty trained have; I wet my pants. She was shocked but said it would be alright. I drove on for the next 2 blocks. We got to our block and to my surprise we found a place to park. I got out and as I stood up I felt an orgasmic release, squatted, and made no effort to control it. I made a large puddle in the street and my crotch, butt and down my legs were soaked. I got into the apartment building and to our apartment without being seen by anyone.

While she was in the bathroom I took off my wet pants and undies. I took a quick shower and we went to bed wearing undies as usual. We talked about it as I was very interested in how she felt about me since I did wet my pants. She said it was an accident and I couldn’t help it. I asked if she had ever wet her pants after she started school. She said she had never wet her pants that she could remember. We talked more and finally went to sleep. A while later I awoke with a very full bladder. I was on my back. I stayed in bed. I felt increasingly strong pressure waves and suddenly an orgasmic release as warmth spread at my crotch around my undies and between my legs to my butt. 

I jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom were I stumbled and fell and just sat there as the puddle grew. She got out of bed and came to me. I told her I wet my pants in bed but the bed seemed dry and now like a little kid not quite potty trained I wet my pants before I could get to the bathroom. I got up and she got clean undies for me. I cleaned up the floor and went into the bathroom to clean up. We were so tired we went back to sleep. In the morning she woke up just before I did. She was in the bathroom for a while and took a shower. My bladder was full. I got out of bed and waited for her to finish.

She turned off the shower and I felt a very strong pressure wave. I made no effort to control so I soon felt warmth spreading at my crotch spreading to my butt and down my legs. I did nothing to alert her. She finally came out and saw that I had an “accident” waiting for her. She asked why I didn’t say anything. I told her I almost wet my pants in bed and it was too late anyway so it seemed there was no point in bothering her. I cleaned up my puddle and took a shower and got dressed for the day. 

We talked about how I was afraid of what she thought of me because I seemed like I wasn’t very well potty trained because I had wet my pants 3 times and had not made it to the bathroom in time since we left her friends. I told her that this was not the first time I had wet my pants; that often if I waited too long for whatever reason I would wet my pants and if I waited too long and wet my pants I often didn’t make it to the bathroom in time the next time or two. She said they were accidents and I didn’t need to worry about what she thought. She showed me the laundry and we washed all my wet pants and undies and all other laundry. The rest of the weekend was uneventful. Best of all she did not seem to be repulsed by my “accidents”. I started convincing her that I didn’t have the best bladder control.

