Soaking Jean Shorts w/ pics

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-04-04 16:05

First story I posted was pretty well enjoyed, so here's another recent wetting I did.

Obligatory physical description; 5'7 super big and chubby with a big round belly, birthing hips, tree trunk thighs, and a dump truck ass, short chocolate brown hair. Transmasc and on testosterone but no surgeries, so I have facial hair, body hair, a pussy and massive tits.

Most of my wettings are spontaneous, and this one was no exception. It was around noon, I was working from home on my laptop, and my roommate was at her job so I had the apartment to myself. I was just chilling in the living room in a super cute unicorn onesie when I started to feel the need to pee. Rather than getting up and going to the toilet, I decided to get a big drink of water and start holding.

I started at about a 6/10, definitely needed to pee, but not squirming yet. I decided to use ice water this time, because for some reason it always makes me have to pee faster than room temperature water. Because of this fetish of mine I bought some really big cups that can be filled to the top with ice, and still contain a full water bottle. I poured myself a nice cold drink and got back to work.

Now when I say ice water makes me have to pee fast, I mean it. Not even halfway through I was crossing my legs, bouncing in my chair and squeezing hard to contain my liquids. I was at an 8/10 and knowing it wouldn't take much longer for me to lose control.

It was at this point I realized I really didn't want to pee my adorable unicorn onesie. Partially because I wanted to wear it more, and partially because it wouldn't show a wet spot at all. Thankfully there happened to be a basket of dirty clothes right in the entrance to my room. Right on top was a super cute pair of high waisted jean shorts that showed a little bit of ass. Those would be perfect!

I stripped off the onesie, not wearing anything under it, and pulled the shorts on. They were really tight fitting, not uncomfortably so, but it definitely hugged my curves. The waistband squeezed my swollen bladder, and as I say down I felt a spurt from the pressure. I let out a small gasp and squeezed my thighs together as tight as I could to cut it off.

As I kept sipping and bouncing, my hand ventured down to my crotch and I started rubbing my dick (that's what I started calling my clit after I got some significant bottom growth) through the thick denim. It wasn't enough to make me cum, but holding it felt so good I just had to.

As I swallowed the last of my water I was at a solid 9/10 and getting really close to bursting. I decided to challenge myself to drink another bottle. Another big leak escaped as I stood up. I had to grab my crotch with both hands to stop it, and I felt a wet patch forming on the shorts. I waddled to the kitchen to get more water, standing there doing the pee dance. Let me tell you, pouring that water into the cup of ice was torture!

I knew there was no way I could sit down again, so I paced around the living room and kitchen, holding my crotch, bouncing, and doing the pee dance to hold it in. I chugged down that water as quickly as I could. By the time it was done I was completely full, and splashdown was imminent.

I tried my best to hold it for longer, but that pee was coming out whether I wanted it to or not. I was springing leak after leak until I finally just gave up, threw up my hands, relaxed and let it go. The feeling of the pressure finally being released as warm wettness soaked into my shorts and ran down my legs was so amazing! I let out a heavy sigh mixed with a moan as pee flowed out of me and collected in a massive puddle on the floor. I peed for a solid 45 seconds before it slowed to a trickle and stopped. That feeling will never not be arousing as hell.

I threw a towel over my puddle to mop up later, and headed into the bathroom to take some pictures for all of you. After I got some nice shots I cleaned up the floor, then decided to take a nice hot bath with my favorite vibrator joining me.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2022-04-06 04:21

{{7 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

Dude that story was hot! I love how nonchalant you are about wetting, it's such a turn on!

My boyfriend is a trans man and I call his clit his dick too, I think that's pretty common. Good luck with your transition!

Oh man, I know testosterone can lead to some serious accidents too! If you have any close calls or accidents I'd love to hear them!

}}

Thank you! And I definitely have had quite a lot more wettings since starting T. I used to do them maybe two or three times a month, now I do them at least once a week. Maybe it's the increased sex drive manifesting as indulging this fetish more, maybe it's something else, but I definitely enjoy getting to piss myself more often.

