Donation Day

Author: Maya

*000*2019-05-15 22:58

Note: This happened in November 2018 and I finally got around to finishing typing it up.

Today I got the most desperate I’ve ever been without planning it.

I’m not the best at using my vacation days and they don’t roll over to the next calendar year. So towards the end of the year I end up taking a few long weekends if I can, but if doing so would create short staffing I’ll take a random Tuesday or Thursday off as a personal day. Today was one of those days.

So, after sleeping in and doing some chores, I decided to have lunch at my favorite sushi restaurant for the weekday lunch special and then donate blood at my local blood center. I like to be hydrated when I donate blood, and the soy sauce was of course salty, so I had a tall glass of ice water with my lunch which the server kept topping up. As I ate, I decided to check the blood center’s online schedule on my phone. For some reason, the location closest to me was closed. However, the website helpfully notified me there was a blood drive at a high school about a 40 minute drive away.

Normally I wouldn’t have done it, but I hadn’t donated in a while and the drive was a picturesque route through a state park, with beautiful mountain and river views. So I figured what the hell – I’ll make the trip. I visited the restaurant’s bathroom. I ended up finishing my glass of water while I waited for the server to come back with my check and then headed off. During the car ride, I sipped a leftover pint bottle of flavored seltzer (carbonated water) from the day before while marveling at nature’s splendor. This route is relatively close to home, but I don’t travel it nearly as much as I should.

I arrived at the high school and parked in the visitor’s lot. It was cold outside, and as I approached the door I could feel my bladder sending me signals that I should probably find a bathroom soon. I entered and signed in with the security guard who checked my ID and took my photo for a temporary badge. He pointed me to the school library which had been converted into a temporary blood donation center. I looked for a bathroom out of the corner of my eye as I walked but didn’t see any.

I walked into the library and saw a table full of tablets to complete the standard blood donor intake questionnaire. The library front desk was mobbed with students, so I figured I’d ask about bathroom directions after I finished getting cleared to donate. As I answered the various questions, I noticed the pressure between my legs increasing. But the drive was busy and I didn’t want to lose my place in line. I finished the questionnaire and then waited to have my temperature, blood pressure and a drop of blood from my finger checked, which took longer than I was used to. By the time I was cleared to donate, I was squeezing my legs together rhythmically from time to time to help quiet my rapidly growing urge to pee.

I walked up to the library desk and asked one of the librarians where I could find a bathroom. She handed me a bathroom key and rattled off directions, but between the speed of her speech and the cacophony of teenage voices in the background – it was a high school after all – I didn’t catch what she said.

So I headed out of the library figuring I’d find it. I walked down the hallway past a few classrooms and saw the Men’s Room, but no Ladies Room. I could feel the bulging fullness of my bladder with every step I took, pressing against my jeans. I was surprised I needed to pee so badly. I tried to recount how many times the server had topped up my water at lunch and wondered if I had missed some while looking at my phone.

I stopped one of the students and asked him where the Ladies Room was. He pointed, told me make a left and a Ladies Room would be right along that corridor. I followed his directions and sure enough, there was the sign I was looking for. My bladder twinged in anticipation of the relief to come. But just as I was about to walk in, a female student exited. She looked at my visitor’s pass and the bathroom key in my hand and said “You’re a visitor – you’re supposed to use the Staff Ladies restroom.” And she proceeded to give me directions.

My heart sank and somehow I needed to pee even worse just by hearing that. It made sense, of course to have adult visitors at a school use different restrooms than the kids. But I needed to pee desperately, and it was maddening to know that relief was so close yet so far away. It was all I could do to avoid wiggling and crossing my legs, but I managed to control myself and headed toward the Staff Ladies’ restroom alternatively clenching my fists, thighs and jaw. I was bursting and starting to worry I wouldn’t make it. And I couldn’t very well jam my hand into my crotch in public.

But the bathroom was just where the student had said it would be and I gratefully jammed the key into the lock. It wouldn’t turn and for a moment I had this sense of absolute panic. My bladder contracted painfully and a small jet of pee spurted into my panties. Then another. NO. NOT NOW. I was about to piss myself. In public. In a high school of all places. FUCK. I pressed my thighs together for dear life. But turning the key the other way worked and moments later I was in the bathroom. It was single occupancy, so I was really lucky it was available! My hands shook as I undid my jeans and pulled them down along with my panties, concentrating hard on holding it for just a bit longer. I started peeing as soon as my butt hit the toilet seat. I sighed out loud with relief. It felt so amazing to let all that pee out, and for a minute or two I was in bliss.

When I finished, I checked my jeans for damage and breathed a sigh of relief. There was nothing visible on the outside of my jeans – just a good sized wet spot on my panties. I had made it.

I walked back to the library feeling light as a bird. I handed the key back to the librarian and took a seat to wait for the actual blood donation process. Remembering I wanted to stay hydrated, I drank some water from the water cooler as I waited – roughly 5 – 7 oz (150 – 200ml). Soon enough they had me hooked up and I donated my pint of blood. When I finished, I was asked to sit for a few minutes and have a snack and drink. It was protocol to ensure no one passed out. And I wanted to set a good example for the high school students next to me. So I had some salty crackers and a pint bottle of water before heading back out to my car to drive home.

As I reached my car I considered going back to pee again just in case, even though I didn’t feel the need at all. But I decided against it as I’d have to sign in with security again and go back to the library for a key, and the school day was just ending so the hallways would be crowded with kids. I figured I’d be fine for the forty minute drive.

I tuned into my favorite music radio station, set my cruise control and focused on the highway with its beautiful surrounding scenery. But about twenty five minutes into the drive, I hit traffic. It wasn’t quite rush hour yet, but there was a massive collision ahead that bottlenecked the four lane highway down to two lanes. Traffic slowed to a crawl, and I had to keep alternating between the gas and brake pedals to start and stop – no more cruise control. And as my right leg moved from the gas pedal to the brakes I noticed I realized I was squirming in my seat just the slightest bit, without having even realized it at first. That all too familiar feeling was coming back. But I was okay. I felt the need to pee but my bladder wasn’t completely full yet. I was even a little turned on. I was in my car alone, no one to try and hide it from. I unbuttoned my jeans to allow some more space. I was fairly close to home and was confident I’d be able to hold it long enough to make it.

But twenty minutes of inching my car forward bit by bit hardly brought me any closer to my destination. The urges to pee were ramping up and my system had already gone through an ordeal such a short time earlier. I started to really regret having finishing that that bottle of water at the blood drive. I was squirming almost constantly now and scissoring my thighs back and forth. For the sake of my cloth car seats I needed to hold on but I hoped I didn’t have to for much longer.

The minutes ticked by slowly. Every time I needed to accelerate I pressed my hand into my crotch since I needed to spread my legs a little to reach the gas pedal. But then traffic reached an absolute standstill. I shifted into park and jammed both hands into my crotch, squirming and clenching my muscles desperately. I couldn’t get out and pull down my jeans on the side of a packed highway. And I didn’t want to ruin my fabric seat. But I was bursting and only preventing myself from peeing by sheer force of will. Suddenly I had an idea. One hand still embedded in my crotch, I reached over and grabbed the towel out of my yoga bag from the back seat. I’d pull my jeans down and pee on the towel. It was far from ideal, but this was a very desperate time calling for equally desperate measures.

I raised myself slightly and clenched my muscles. I needed to move my hands for a few moments to pull my jeans down. I told myself it was just a little longer. I removed hands from my crotch, and just as I was about to pull my jeans and panties down when traffic started moving again and the car behind mine honked, startling me. My concentration broken, piss burst out of me like a dam giving way. I jammed the towel into my crotch over my jeans, in an attempt to at least protect my seat. 

I looked down in disbelief as the stream darkened my jeans and turned my previously white towel yellow. Here I was, an adult, completely pissing my jeans with nothing I could do to stop it. That had happened before, but never outside my home and never unplanned. But that feeling of shame – and perhaps a little wonderment - gave way to intense relief coupled with the pleasurable feeling of heat and pressure against my labia and clitoris. I was peeing so forcefully that some of the pee was bouncing back from my jeans.

Once my bladder was empty, I put the towel on the floor of the passenger seat and sighed back in the driver’s seat. Wow, that felt a whole lot better. I felt very aroused and wished I could do something about it. But the cars behind me were honking, and I needed to get moving. This, at least, could wait until I got home.

*002*2019-05-15 23:12

Thank you! I'm glad you like it. It was fun to reminisce.

*005*2019-05-17 03:07

Thanks for the feedback, everyone! I was inspired to try a hold today and will be posting the story shortly.

*010*2019-05-24 03:17

{{2 hours ago, shunlibiye said:

Wow, you donated your blood.

Are you a kind and caring person?

}}

Aw that's so kind of you! I like to think that I'm a kind person, but I'm no Mother Theresa. I can't say I devote my life to charity or anything but I do what I can. I donate blood. I volunteer at the local animal shelter.

