Forgot to Pee at Work

Author: JungleMoon

*000*2020-11-26 15:50

So I work as a nurse in one of the largest hospitals in my area. As one of the more experienced nurses, I end up helping out my less experienced co-workers a lot. I thoroughly enjoy teaching them new things and helping walk them through procedures they would otherwise be afraid to do on their own or simply don't have the experience to do. With COVID being a big problem in my area, the experienced nurses who have worked for more than 6 months at the hospital are having to float to the COVID unit, leaving me (I started at this hospital 5 months ago) with all of the newbies. Generally speaking this is fine, but it does lead to some... interesting events sometimes.

The other day, it was me and four other nurses on the floor with me having the more years of experience than the rest of them combined. We were having a really good night, but I was running around a lot helping them out and answering questions. I was also the charge nurse, so I had to make sure everyone got lunch and were taking care of themselves as well as managing the phones. Because I was talking so much, I went through two 24 oz bottles of water pretty quickly. I then went and got myself lunch, which consisted of some soup I brought, a salad that was very cucumber forward that I got from the cafeteria, and two bottles of Coke.

Up until this point, the shift had been going rather well. No major issues, nothing to write home about. I manage to finish my lunch when all hell breaks loose. One patient begins to die, so we end up sending them to the ICU. Then someone else starts complaining of chest pain. Then another patient is found on the floor. And so on and so forth.

Throughout all of this, I'm running from one side of the unit to the other helping out with managing all of these issues and making sure they are being handled properly. I don't even know how many more bottles of water I went through trying to keep myself hydrated as I'm talking a lot and having to wear isolation gowns in some of these rooms (iso gowns are basically like wearing a trashbag so it's easy to become dehydrated). By the time shift change happened, I must have filled my water bottle 3 more times. I then went and got a cappuccino to celebrate it being my last work day of the week and so I could stay up and get the house cleaned.

I honest to god didn't feel like I had to go until I was nearly half way home, then it felt like it hit me all at once. Never in the entire thirteen hours I was at work did I go to the toilet, and I needed to go NOW. But I wasn't driving, my boyfriend was and he wanted to get the food for Thanksgiving first before we went home. 'Perfect opportunity for a hold,' was the first thing that popped into my head. Since I was in street clothes and not in my uniform, I said fine, but jeans are much tighter around the waist than my scrub pants are.

We made it through shopping, but by the end I was limping trying to keep it in (blamed it on leg day). The urge to pee was so great that I didn't care about anything other than getting out of there and getting home so I could pee. We finally made our way home, though I ended up leaking ever so slightly when he slammed on the breaks due to someone cutting us off on the highway.

By the time I made it to the toilet, my bladder was well and truly aching. I ended up spending nearly ten minutes on the toilet as I would feel I was done, go to get up, and immediately feel like I needed to go again. Over the next four hours, I had to pee probably once an hour because my bladder was so irritated and my kidneys were working at full capacity due to all of the water I had taken in followed by the caffeine.

