My first deliberate leaking / wetting

Author: JanelleO

*000*2019-09-18 17:27

Good morning,

As I posted somewhere last night I have been thinking about doing some deliberate leaking / wetting since I became a member of the forum last week. I was thinking to to go to Wal-Mart and buy some pads and briefs. I figured I would wait until sometime in the next week or two when my work takes me to a major city where I'm less likely to run into someone I know. Sad to say in our small village of less than 5000 people, you never know who you will run into and the rumors that will fly as a result.

This morning was relatively quiet with no one else around the shop so I thought the heck with it and leak piss into my cotton briefs and the grungy pair of blue jeans I put on this morning that I normally use for painting or staining wood.

I drank a full glass of water and was about half way through a coffee when my bladder began hinting it was time to use the bathroom.

Letting out the first leaks was difficult, resulting in only a couple of drops here and there. But as I finished my coffee it became easier, with a total of about 15 leaks (averaging 2 seconds in length) every few minutes while sitting in my vinyl office chair - first pic. The last 4 or 5 leaks were about 5 - 6 seconds in length, every 30 seconds or so standing at my desk - second pic.

Then it occurred to me, I didn't think to bring an extra change of clothes along to the shop. But outside the shop is a faucet with a garden hose so sprayed my pants down while while I let out a few more leaks....not 5 minutes later my shop buddy came in to pick up something he needed on a jobsite. I told him the garden hose got me while I was washing off a couple of things. LOL.

So...my first wetting experience since I was a teenager, nearly 25 years ago

$$

$$

*003*2019-09-18 20:59

{{16 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Funnnnnn!! Did you love it?

}}

You bet! In fact I just did a couple of leaks in the hardware store after making sure nobody I recognized was around this leaking thing is getting addictive

*005*2019-09-18 21:00

{{18 minutes ago, mr.pee said:

You should go to a different town and try in public.

}}

I’m actually thinking about it

I’m actually about to walk into a Walmart to see what they have for pads and briefs for men. I already txt my wife to warn her that I reek. I wonder if she will catch on.

$$

*007*2019-09-18 21:11

Btw- I decided to apply for a post office box across the street from my work so I hopefully have a way I can receive things at the shop that will be questioned at home. Like different colour women’s panties and trial packs of different pads. Hopefully I can snatch one of my wife’s panties to try on for size when she’s not looking...

*008*2019-09-18 23:02

{{1 hour ago, mr.pee said:

Nice. I wasn't wearing a pad when I did it.

}}

Nice job! Is it the result of complete wetting or leaking? How long have you been doing this?

*012*2019-09-19 02:02

Actually I’m more interested in learning how to be as discreet as possible at this point, than making a total idiot of myself. For instance practicing my leaking technique in the shower, rather than losing control in the wrong place at the wrong time...

