Wetting At Work

Author: SilverLining

*000*2019-11-22 00:56

Work has been getting fairly busy lately and we've had more that needs to get done every day, so my supervisor has asked requested that some of us put in some extra hours to take. I don't typically mind staying later since my commute is short and there are plenty of places around to grab food if necessary, so I volunteered to stay a couple of extra nights a week. Typically everyone is out by 5 PM and the place is deserted by 6, so very little effort will connect the dots.

Through my work day, I usually sip on a water bottle that I refill every two hours. When I refill it, I usually feel a minor need to relieve myself and take the opportunity to use the restroom. So, on the day I decided to work late, I followed my schedule, as usual. Every time I filled my water bottle, I felt a small swell of excitement at my later plans. Part of me wanted to not take my bathroom breaks at all, but I could never last the entire day, especially with all the water I regularly drink.

So, when 5 PM rolled around and my coworkers started to pack it up, I filled my bottle and deliberately ignored my minor need and sat back down and continued working. People started shuffling out and a half hour later, I was alone. I was starting to feel a little more desperate, but I was able to work past it fairly well with my legs crossed, thigh pressed tight, and foot jittering a bit. Thankfully, my work is distracting, so while my need started to feel pressing, I felt I could easily press on for a long while, sipping my water bottle all the way. Occasionally, I would reach down and give myself a reassuring squeeze which helped me keep my focus a bit.

Finally around 7, I took a sip from my water bottle, but found it empty. Instinctively, I rose to go fill it again, but my bladder immediately made itself known and called for relief. I squeezed my legs together a doubled over a bit and figured it was now or never. I straightened myself out and regained my composure. I've been practicing walking with a full bladder so I wouldn't give clues to anyone else I happen to run into about my predicament and managed a very normal walk out of the office and to the restroom without too much trouble. I stared at myself in the mirror and let myself clamp my legs together to help with control. I wondered briefly how much longer I could hold, shifting my weight from one leg to the other, clamped down tight with one hand between my legs.

The bathrooms on my floor are connected to the gym, supporting locker rooms and a shower, so I walked through the locker rooms and the gym just to be sure no one was around, all the while my poor bladder begging for relief. Sure that I was alone, I snuck back into the locker room and stood in the shower. I decided to torture myself a bit and decided that I would spread my legs and let my pee rush just short of the opening before clamping down. (Un)fortunately, I couldn't stop it soon enough and let a jet shoot out into my panties. I quickly went to bring my legs together and hold myself, but stopped. I shook a bit with excitement and felt my peehole quiver as it fought to regain control.

I enjoyed the feeling of the slight dampness and surveyed the damage: nothing visible. I decided to let go of another burst, but I'd only managed to stop myself after about two seconds. My bladder screamed for relief as I saw the wetness slowly grow on the front of my pants and felt some minor streaks down my legs. I decided enough was enough and finally let the flood gates open as everything streamed down my legs, throughout soaking me. I could feel a bit toward the beginning collect in the crotch of my pants before it cascaded down my legs.

When I was finally done, my heart was beating fast and I could feel the heat in my face. I checked over in the mirror again and loved the show of wetness; thought I was wearing black, I could see a sizable patch on my crotch, streams down my legs, and even a bit towards the bottom of my ass. I peaked out the bathroom, coast clear, and hurried back to my desk to clean up and call it a day. The building was entirely empty, but I could feel my heart with every step before finally rushing into my car. I sat in a mini high, wondering if I had actually just gone through with this, the dampness against my legs returning a resounding yes.

*003*2019-11-24 13:24

{{3 hours ago, GoldenG8 said:

That sounds thrilling. Did you plan your outfit for that day with this wetting in mind? How did you get back home without being seen or soaking the car seat? Did you wet your pants again before taking them off?

}}

I did plan my outfit! I worse a pair of loose blank pants so I could hid my wetting in case I did run into someone. I also had a towel to cover my car seat so it didn't get wet on the ride home. At that time of night, there was no one left in the office, so there wasn't much worry of being seen by anyone, but I brought one of my large bags to work to help cover myself just in case. The water I was drinking was still working its way through my system and by the time I got home, I felt a small need to go again, so I just sat on the toilet fully clothed and wet again. I also decided to take care of some chores before cleaning up

{{2 hours ago, nc_dude said:

Wow! That was very exciting! Thank you for sharing!

Were you still wet when you drove home?

}}

I was still wet and everything was absolutely soaked! It dried up fairly well on the drive home because I had to crank up the heat due to the cold weather, but I fixed that by wetting again as soon as I got home.

*006*2019-11-26 00:32

{{On 11/24/2019 at 4:32 PM, nc_dude said:

Nice! Mmmmmmm. That sounds awesome! There is something really exciting about drying off after an accident. Wondering if anyone notices, the feel of the cloth against your skin, etc. I've had to endure a dryoff myself after a few accidents. It's always aroused me.

The additional wetting was a nice way to end too. Very hot!

}}

I'm starting to get more into it now as well, and I am very much considering doing some more stuff that may get me at risk of being caught.

{{On 11/24/2019 at 7:10 PM, GoldenG8 said:

That sounds like an awesome end to the evening!

}}

It absolutely was amazing and I'm looking forward to trying it out again!

*009*2019-11-28 04:27

{{14 hours ago, nc_dude said:

Awesome! That sounds very brave. What did you have in mind?

}}

Generally, wetting in some more public places in clothes that will make my accident more noticeable. Maybe going out to the bar with friends without going to the bathroom or holding longer at work is what I've thought of so far.

*011*2019-11-29 12:34

{{45 minutes ago, nc_dude said:

Cool! Sounds hot and exciting! Can’t wait to hear about your adventures!

}}

Thanks, can't wait to post more about them!

*013*2019-11-30 03:28

{{51 minutes ago, nerdy princess said:

Really good story! Glad I finally got to read it!

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you got to read it, too!

*015*2019-12-01 13:09

{{1 hour ago, WetNick88 said:

If only we could run into each other when both desperate in public... Mutual stranger desperation being the ultimate fantasy for me.

}}

That would be loads of fun!

*017*2019-12-02 21:39

{{4 hours ago, wettingman said:

Thank you for posting your story of at work desperation and pants wetting. The words in this sentence are among the most exciting in omo.

}}

I'm glad you've enjoyed it! I'll be sure to put myself in more situations like this one

*019*2019-12-04 23:48

{{8 hours ago, tricot said:

Very nice story and ending! Hope to hear more from you too SL.

}}

Thanks! I hope to post more soon!

