A Double wee?

Author: AlohaSummer

*000*2020-08-15 01:34

Extremely short story about my flatmate Sunny and I, short but good! (Not going to include any dialogue in this one so it’s more of an anecdote, lemme know what you think)

We were both, along with many other of our friends, out clubbing at a particularly popular club where we went to university. It was a pretty standard night out with a lot of drinking and dancing, very fun!

It got to a point where I really needed a wee, like desperately! So I told the group of friends I was dancing with that I was going to the toilet. Sunny, of course, needed to go as well!

So we got to the girls toilet and there was a huge queue, now I knew that I could wait, albeit very desperately, Sunny on the other hand? Maybe not

We waited in the queue for about 15 minutes, I was pretty okay at keeping my desperation on the inside and not giving too many outside indications that I was very close to wetting myself. Sunny was, however, jumping around with her hands in her pussy, moaning about how badly she needed to pee.

It got to my turn to go into the stall and not very out of the ordinary Sunny came with me into the stall. Despite knowing she has such and small bladder and clearly needed to pee way more than me, I pulled my skimpy underwear and skirt down, sat on the toilet and unleashed an amazing amount of pee. I think I may have moaned it felt so good.

Despite my relief, Sunny was suffering. Clearly at her breaking point she made a quick decision. Sunny pulled down her jumpsuit and knickers (she was not wearing a bra as her outfit was backless) so she was pretty much completely naked, and she sat on my lap.

She sat on my lap facing me, spread her legs and started peeing in between my legs, our shaved pussys centimetres away from each other, pissing.

We both finished pissing and pulled our respective underwear, skirts and jumpsuits on and carried on our night.

Not the most unusual thing as I’ve talked to many other female uni students and they’ve said they’ve done the “double wee” but I’ll admit I was shocked

Hope you enjoyed the second Sunny story in a day! I have plenty more where they came from!

