Too tired to bother

Author: Mel

*000*2011-12-30 08:24

So, a more recent story about the events after a party I had about a week ago, which is also one of the biggest and most painful experiences I have ever had. My husband has been out in Iceland visiting his family. I wanted to go, but unfortunately my family has pretty much completely moved to the US so I didn't need to. Damn them D:

I had drank a LOT at the party, but since I don't drink except for the occasional wine glass I wasn't drunk. I was tired as hell, though, and that made it kinda hard to drive. The fact that all the liquids I had drank were catching up to me didn't help. The last leg of my drive home was just about agonizing and I began to savor the moment I would be able to pee. I got home and limped into my bedroom to get to the bathroom. But as soon as I reached my bedroom, my tired body was sucked in by my bed like a black hole. I said I would lie there a few minutes and get up, and did exactly that. That is, if you count a few minutes to be a few hours. And by a few, I mean a few. I didn't have a peaceful sleep, the kind that lets you wake up refreshed after a sore night. I woke up, laying on my bed, the room around me almost pitch black.

And I was peeing.

I hadn't wet the bed, I had woken up mid-stream. I was lucky, though. Fate had given me a chance instead of having me flat out wet the bed. Being tired+going to bed with a bursting bladder+still having liquids that hadn't hit your bladder yet=almost certain wet bed. But my body knew something was wrong and woke me up. It took me a second to grasp the situation, and that was all I needed before I hobbled out of bed, both hands in my crotch growing warm, both legs crossed. I managed to stem the flow for a second, an uneasy truce between me and my bladder. A mirror in the room told me that there was an at least football-sized wet spot on my jeans. I grabbed the knob and twisted. The door didn't budge. After a while, I realized the damn thing was stuck. My bladder reflected my horror, letting out a hard jet of pee that I knee further soaked my jeans. I waddled downstairs, a few spurts escaping on my way.

My bladder was throbbing, and so was my head. I reached the downstairs bathroom, the wetness on my jeans almost at knee level. I opened the door. The sheer relief of the toilet in my sight let a massive wave sweep through me. A few tears ran down my face as I inched closer and closer to it, pee slowly creeping out the entire time. I started to undo my belt, but I had run out of borrowed time that my poor, tortured bladder had given me. It finally released, the hours and hours of pent up pee finally being allowed release. It hissed loudly as it hit the fabric of my clothes, and then splashed as it formed a large puddle on the floor. I moaned in relief, the tears quickly dissipating from my face. I smiled at the mess I had made, and stripped off my jeans, which were now soaked butt-to-toe and with a significant amount of wetness up front as well. I inspected my panties, which were now a very dark pink. I took those off as well...and, you can imagine the rest for yourself. :)

*003*2012-01-05 03:59

{{ 

Great story, Mel. sounds like you had some fun afterwards :)

}}

Yep :)

