My first on purpose wetting

Author: The Shark

*000*2017-12-16 16:53

So this is kind of hard for me to write but I really wanted to post about this.

Everyone here talks to much about wetting themselves and how good it feels. I had always been interested in desperation and wetting of other people (Females specifically). However, I never thought I’d like wetting myself. Yeah well that all changed last night.

For reference I’m a 19-year-old, 5ft 7in male, maybe 210lb, muscular “but got some flab” build.

I came home from my shift at work kind of bursting to pee. I drank a ton at my job and forgot to go before leaving. Now work is like, 5 minutes away from my house but after the little drive I just felt everything rush to my bladder. I was hopping up and down as I tried to open the door, hell I even grabbed my crotch to help me hold it. I walked upstairs to my room and realized my parents weren’t home. I got this weird idea to wet myself in the shower, just to try it. So, I went over to my dresser and grabbed some sweatpants I didn’t care about and a pair of underwear and set off, still desperate to pee, to the shower.

First off, it was hard to go. Like I really needed to pee, but my body wouldn’t let go. Gave me a new appreciation for people who could pee on command. So, I stood there, bouncing around trying to let go and finally I just, went. And holy fuck did it feel good.

Piss just gushed all over me. The warm feeling was all down my legs and it felt so damn good. I leaned my back against the wall of my shower and put a hand down under just to feel the stream and I was moaning at how good it felt. It was super interesting and hot. It was wonderful.

So, I guess the moral of this story is don’t knock it till you try it. It was a wonderful experience to wet myself and honestly, Ill be doing it again very soon. Probably not in public though, just in my house alone.

*004*2017-12-17 05:23

{{9 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Doing something "naughty" can be quite exciting, and wetting oneself is one of those acts, and it's one that causes no permanent harm. We are taught to urinate when we feel the need, always do it in the toilet, and never do it in your clothes. You broke all of those "rules", so you were very, very naughty!

}}

Hell yeah ^_^ Super naughty. And it felt it too.

{{2 hours ago, CaptainCranberry said:

It's so fun isn't it? It can be hard to get going at first but it gets easy quick.

}}

Exactly how I felt. Took me a while to get the stream going but when I did, it just gushed everywhere. Absolutely amazing feeling and super fun.

