School test accident

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-10-05 16:16

In high school, well continuation school because I got kicked out of high school for being a dummy. graduated college which was a miracle lol. Anyway, I was taking my last test in order to get my high school diploma and finish school. The person who was administering the test was a teacher I use to pull cruel pranks on & bully before I got kicked out of high school, she was 65 or 75 years old. She gave me the devil glare because she remembered me and I smiled back at her just to be cocky. I arrived late, so I didn't have time to go to the bathroom before the test started so I needed to pee pretty bad. The test was scheduled for 3 hours, originally or until you finish.

When we started the exam I asked the teacher if I can use the bathroom, and she rudely said you can go before or after the test. I told her that I had a note from my doctor to let me use the bathroom because of my bladder problems. She told me that it was valid at my old high school, and the document wasn't files at the continuation school so she told me I have to finish the test or wait 3 hours until the test was over or its an automatic fail.

After the first hour I was absolutely desperate to pee, I could barely concentrate on the test, I was fidgeting grabbing myself, I was in distress because my bladder was so full. My bladder started to become sore and stiff, and I was sitting their taking the test as fast as I could. I was Waring grey sweat shorts and I squeezed my legs as hard as I could. I asked her if I could use the bathroom, and she sternly said no the test is not over. I gave her a mean look like what the heck, why are you not letting use the bathroom. She completely ignored me, she just started texting on her phone. When the test was half way over, I had to pee so bad that I was starting to cry . I really wanted to pass the test so I didn't leave the room so I held my pee pee.

All of my classmates finish their test, but I was struggling to solve a problem with my bladder full which made it extremely difficult. I asked if I can pee again with tears coming out of my eyes. She smiled liked it was the best day of her life and she said hold your urination and finish the test.

I couldn't wait anymore and I started leaking into my gray shorts. My bladder was so sore it started to contract hard and my pee started to come out. I looked down and the pee was shooting through my shorts like a gusher for a few second before it contained itself. Pee started to spill from the chair I was sitting in and a puddle started to build up. I was so embarrassed that when I was wetting myself it felt like the pee kept coming out forever until it stopped. Their was a puddle on the floor and my sweats had a huge pee stain on the front. I started crying like a baby, I could not hold back my tears.

The teacher said, "that is what you get for being a bully, karma catches up with you" then she tells me to finish the test. When I finished the test, I had to walk out of the room with huge crowd. The pee stain in front of my shorts showed I peed myself. when I left the class with my pee pee shorts people started to laugh and clown that I wet myself and I couldn't help it.

Overall I succeeded in life, but my bladder involuntary makes me pee my bed and pants... ugh. Dang baby bladder, making me wet myself all the time...

Mr. Baby Bladder

