What's your history?

Author: Acura17

*000*2020-02-07 15:33

Today I realized that my pee fetish has been ever evolving. Here is where I'm at today; what's your story?

1. About 8 years old. We were friends with a family that had a pool. Their mother did not want us to track water in the house, so she told us to go in our swim suits and spray off with the hose. Boys and girls, all peeing our suits. Too bad they moved away a couple years later. I STILL pee my swimsuit whenever I have a chance!

2. About 13 years old. I did not know much about sex. Whenever I was sexually aroused, it felt like I had to pee, so I went with it! With access to a few magazines and soft-core porn, a few drops led to large spurts. Then one night whilst peeing my undies, I had my first orgasm! After a while, my mom found my peed laundry, and I finally learned how to masturbate correctly. Other than a few swimsuit wettings, I took a break until I was about 18.

3. At 18, I was in college, and for some reason, just felt the urge to start wetting again.. ughhh!! I tried to fight the urges so hard. This was the wadded up toilet paper and sit on towels stage. Because there was not yet a breakthrough in the world wide web, I thought this was extremely odd.

I was never really a bed wetter, but long dry spells (and beer) cause toilet dreams.

I never had a problem with the opposite sex, and very much enjoy sex without pee.

4. Ah, thank you internet! At about 19, I finally realize I am not not totally weird, only just a little! Little did I know this fetish is much more common than people think. And to think, this is a great life. For the past 20 years I have enjoyed a growing supply of wetting videos, as well as pictures and stories of people just like me!

5. I finally had the courage to tell my girlfriend at the time. She wasn't too keen on the wetting portion of the fetish, but the beautiful golden showers she gave was a reason I stayed with her a lot longer than I should have!

6. At 24, I met an amazing woman who was actually turned on by my fetish. I was able to show her many videos from WHP, which were recreated. She'd pee her pants with me, sit on my lap and wet, and let me pee on her. It was quite a shame she was so crazy, because we had the best sex life, with lots of pee play!

7. Today: I wet privately, and from time to time in public, when there's very little chance I will get caught. I wet myself in my car the most!

I am happily married for 10 years. I was not shy from the beginning with my fetish. She's really not in to it, but with a back rub and fantastic foreplay; I do get a surprise from time to time. I am happy to sleep in the wet spot! This makes our sex life a bit more suspenseful. She doesn't care at all if I wet my pants, as long as I clean up after myself, and don't do it in front of the children.

Thanks for reading. I'm interested to see how you have evolved in this awesome life.

