Amanda: the girl who could only pee at home

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-03-19 14:26

Amanda: the girl who could only pee at home

I haven’t written about Amanda before because I needed to think very carefully how I told you about her. The reason for that is because while I often saw her with a very full bladder her reason for not going to the ladies was actually complex and serious. Amanda had paruresis, or extreme shy bladder and it was, for her, actually quite disabling. I hope I can now share some of her struggles with compassion, respect and authenticity.

I met Amanda in the senior youth club at church. She had lovely long black hair that went half way down her back, was of average build and a lovely approachable face. She was friendly, yet reserved, and at times quite anxious. Yet she had a truly amazing gift for singing and the youth leaders were particularly keen to develop this with her.

At first I had no idea about her inability to urinate anywhere except her own home because the youth club would last a few hours on a Friday night then we all went home. While there was a tuck shop and we. all, Amanda included, purchased and drank cans of fizzy juice and ate crisps and chocolate, it wasn’t uncommon for any of us not to use the bathrooms in the church.

While I didn’t know about the issue I think the youth leaders may have and this first memory might show you why I think that.

It was a Saturday in May and the youth leaders had arranged for us to do some community work to show our love in action. They had arranged a day of duties for us which we were all looking forward to. We split into teams and went in two minibuses to our separate areas of the town. I was in Amanda’s team and we were going to an area with some sheltered housing for the elderly where we would be litter picking, planting flowers and singing for the residents. We had all been asked to bring a packed lunch with us.

The morning went fine and we began with the litter picking. Being youths we had the usual laugh together and fun but by around 11am ish the litter had all been picked up. We stopped and the owner of the sheltered complex came out with juice and biscuits for us all. As it was warm we all, including Amanda, drank cups of juice until there was none left. We then began digging ready to plant some flowers. It wasn’t until lunch time that any of us headed into the complex, one at a time, to use the loos.

I wasn’t needing to go so I continued digging and then sat on some grass to eat my lunch. Amanda was near Dave, one of the youth leaders, and asked him when we were due to finish. He asked if she was ok and she just nodded then ate her lunch like everyone else. After lunch we got back to digging and preparing the soil and I noticed Amanda kept moving around. By this point I had nipped into the loo in the complex but I noticed she hadn’t. We had to keep drinking as it was warm and it struck me that she must have been the only one of us who hadn’t been to the toilet all day.

Amanda was moving around a bit but nothing too obvious though Dave did ask her twice if she was ok to which she wither replied quietly yes or nodded. We planted the various plants and flowers and tidied up. I thought we might be finishing but Dave called us all together and said that he was going to get his guitar from the minibus and then we would end the afternoon signing to the residents. While he went to get his guitar Amanda sat quietly crossed legged on the grass. When Dave returned he went to find the complex manager to say we were ready but we had to wait in the gardens for the residents to be gathered together in the lounge area first. This took a while so we were mucking around and laughing but I noticed Amanda had gone very quiet.

We finally went inside and stood together but Amanda stood behind me. We sang an few choruses and I could hear Amanda sing behind me but also hear her foot tapping too. Then Dave called Amanda forward so she could sing herself. That’s when I knew she had to really pee because she was finding it really hard to stand still, tapping her foot and bending at the knees or swaying as she sang. After about half an hour of singing we were all offered more juice before we left. Dave was keen that we all had a drink as the sun was shining in the big windows and it was warm. Amanda seemed reluctant but did as we all did anyway.

We said goodbye and then headed to the minibus. Dave was driving and Amanda sat next to me in the front. As I lived the furthest away I was most often last to be dropped home and Amanda was the second last. Amanda was quiet and tense in the bus looking out the window. I assumed she was tired after a busy day. One by one the others were dropped home and I heard Amanda moan a little beside me. Dave must have heard too as he asked if she was ok.

Amanda was facing the window turned to the side with her legs tightly crossed at an angle. Without turning around she whispered back to Dave that she was just desperate to get home.

“ Won’t be long now. You’re next”.

Dave and myself continued chatting normally when Amanda turned around, her face red and her forehead sweating, as she leaned forwards in the seat and pulled her arms tight around her waist.

“Are you ok there Amanda? You’re not going to be sick?”

Almost crying she didn’t even look up as she rocked in her seat and held her stomach.

“I just...I just really need to get home.”

Worried about her I put my hand on her back and rubbed it. I thought perhaps she maybe had period pains or wind or something as she looked pale and very very tense. Not knowing what was wrong I asked her if her stomach was sore.

She looked up with pleading, tearful eyes at me and snapped. “I just really really REALLY need to pee ok! I’ve not been all day!”

“Did you not go at the complex?”

“No! I’ll be home in a minute anyway now. Just hurry up please Dave!”

I didn’t feel I should say anything more but after she was dropped off home Dave shook his head and sighed before driving me home.

“She’s her own worst enemy at times that girl.”

“I suppose so. Not like her to be so snappy though. I guess she could have her monthly though...”

“Maybe. Though I think she was just really desperate for the loo. Anxiety can be quite disabling at times you know and can get you into quite a pickle. Anyway did you enjoy yourself today then?”

“Yeah it was great.”

“Brill. I have a few more days planned so I hope to see you there.”

*002*2021-03-19 23:02

{{3 hours ago, wettingman said:

I truly empathize with her. You could have written this basic story about me from my mid-teens through my twenties. No matter how painfully full I was, how excruciating the pain from my entire abdomen to my kidneys I could not pee in a public restroom. This would go on for many hours until I got somewhere private. My pee would feel like it was going to come out, but it would not, no matter what. Sometimes it hurt so much, I wondered if wetting my pants would be so bad, at least the pain would stop. I also worried about kidney damage. This defiantly was not fun.

I am so sorry for your friend. I hope she overcame her paruresis and did not suffer permanent damage.

I remember in Catholic school in the 60's the nuns gave students a hard time about being excused to the restroom, even on days when we missed one of our two bathroom breaks. After a couple of girls wet their pants in fourth grade class, our teacher told us we should go when we needed to. She told us of a girl named Suzy who would only go in her pink bathroom at home, resulting in serious kidney damage. This was way before dialysis and she died from kidney failure while still a child. Since most children don't have the ability to hold it that long , I think now she just couldn't let go. This was so hypocritical. We knew if we asked to go we would be given the third degree. I remember struggling and squirming on those days we missed a bathroom break worried I was going to have an accident.

}}

I lost contact with her after life took us all in different directions and there were a few more incidents where she was obviously bursting but didn’t go. I like to think she has at least somewhat got over her anxiety about public toilets or any away from home but I really don’t know.

*006*2021-03-29 22:37

{{11 hours ago, TheSenatesOmo said:

Hey, I’m thinking this is probably the same person mentioned in this post? If you have stories I’d definitely be interested, but I understand and appreciate that you want to handle this subject respectfully. I have dealt with pee-shyness on several occasions and it can really make life difficult. However, despite my own experience with it, I find it fun to fantasize about. I can’t really help what I find attractive about a kink. So, if you do have lots of stories of her to share, I can say I’m definitely interested in reading them, but if you’d prefer not to, I’d understand that too. Up to you and thanks for sharing.

}}

It is the same person. I hope to share more of her when time and privacy allow

