My finals experience

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2018-12-15 14:42

Alright so as most of you know most college students are currently doing there finals I had just finished mine yesterday and I wanted to share and experience that happen in one of my exams. So the exams started after lunch. During lunch I drank a coke and still a bottle of water. While waiting for 1:30 when the exams was supposed to start I didn’t feel any desperation at all. As soon as I sat down in the exam hall I felt a little something in my bladder but I didn’t bother with it. 30 mins later I got to a point where I couldn’t put it off to much I was thinking to ask to go the toilet Buh then someone ask to go. So I thought that I’ll wait the they came back right after they came back someone else ask to go. The teacher watching us then send no one will be allowed to go outside again. There goes my chance to go but in my head I wasn’t to desperate I could wait till I finished my exam. 

Well as I continued to do my exam I felt my desperation grow and grow as was probably a 7/10 and I wasn’t even half way thought the exam. And in my head I couldn’t even focus on the exam all I was thinking bout was my quickly filling bladder. It actually got to a point that if I put to much focus on my exam I would leak a little into my boxer. And I wasn’t planning to hold myself in a room full of people like that. When I finally finished the exam just to get up was a fight I leaked a lot when I did but no visible wet spots thank god. I gave the teacher my exam paper and made a straight b line for the toilet and peed i felt so releaved and I know I wasn’t the only one desperate in the exam cause may other people made a rush to the toilet after leaving the exam

