Drug Test Desperation

Author: JTryinToHold

*000*2018-08-31 15:50

Hey Everyone! So the title pretty much says it all, I scheduled a drug test for a job and as many of you I'm sure know, that typically involves peeing in a cup. No big deal, right? Well I figured I would tell you a story about how things went a little bit wrong!

Just as a bit of background information, I am a man in my early twenties, tall and slender. I have been into omo a good portion of my life, but don't typically wet myself, I am more of an observer. This experience was certainly an exception to the rule! On the day of my drug test a few weeks ago I was wearing a tucked-in button down shirt, a brown leather belt, and dark blue jeans (of which I was thankful for later). My boxer-briefs were light grey American Eagle.

My drug test had been scheduled for about noon on a weekday, and since I am a college student I had class beforehand. My morning went as usual, with a big cup of coffee and a little breakfast to tide me over until lunch. I remember peeing before I left the house at 7:30, but I made sure to chug the coffee because I knew I would need to pee later and I didn't want to have to wait around to be ready. I arrived at my 8 am class a little early and, feeling a little guilty that my pee might have a distinct coffee smell, I filled up my 1L water bottle to the brim and began casually sipping it during my class.

By the time the professor dismissed us, I was probably a little over halfway through. Now, I drink a lot of water, because in college I typically find that students don't take very good care of themselves, especially when things get stressful, so hydrating for me a typical thing. Because of this, I find that I have had a lot of close calls, but have a pretty strong bladder. However, by the time I sat down in my 9:30 class, I was already feeling my bladder filling up. At this point it was nothing more than an annoyance, but I knew I couldn't relieve myself before my appointment at noon, so I did my best to put it in the back of my mind and move forward.

The day went on as usual, filling up my water bottle once more before leaving office hours at 11:30 and heading towards my car. I had been standing and walking around for about half an hour, so my bladder had felt some relief. However, the minute I sat down in my car, I felt the pressure of my belt cutting into my bladder. It was certainly uncomfortable and had this been any other situation, I would have gone looking for a bathroom immediately. But, because I knew it was way to late to relieve myself, I gritted my teeth, fastened my seemingly constricting seat belt, and pressed on.

The office was roughly half an hour away and most of that time was spent on back roads. Each curve and bump seemed to press down specifically on my bladder. I moaned against the pressure and cursed myself for not peeing when I had the chance around 10. One bump was particularly viscous. It was a pothole that I didn't expect and as soon as I hit it I felt my bladder spasm. My hand shot to my crotch like a missile and I grasped down hard. I was able to stem the flood without any escaping, but the incident put a particular strain on my mental state and I began accelerating a little bit above the excruciatingly slow 25 MPH speed limit.

By the time I reached the office, I had the heel of my palm dug deep into my crotch and I was gripping my member for fear that releasing it would release something else as well. I felt childish as I sat in my car for a moment to compose myself before crawling out of my vehicle. Unbuckling my seat belt and standing up gave my bladder some welcome relief, but it was short lived.

I approached the door of the office wherein I believed I would take my drug test. I spoke to the receptionist and she informed me, to my horror, that it was around back. Now I was desperate at this point, doing my best to stand up straight and not hobble. It was only a fifty foot walk, but I was at a 9/10 and that seemed like an eternity. Nevertheless, I thanked her for her help through slightly gritted teeth, and walked around back. Things couldn't get worse, I muttered to myself. Quickly I found out this was a self-fulfilling prophecy. I entered the office and by some miracle the waiting room was empty. I was able to shoot my hand to my penis for a split second and take a breath, feeling my bladder muscles quiver at the possibility of a fast relief. Then I realized it.

The waiting room was empty. Completely Empty.

As I approached the front desk, a sign on the glass said the worst thing it could have. Out for Lunch. Returning at 12:00. Now, by this time it was 11:55, and I knew there was no turning back. But even the thought of another five minutes made me moan in agony to the empty room. Nevertheless, I took my seat. I sat down in the nearest chair to the door after signing the sign-in sheet, and I waited with baited breath. At this point I had no shame, my hand was buried in my crotch and I knew I didn't have much time left. A small, devilish part of me thought that I should just let a little spurt out to relieve the pressure, but I knew that when it rains, it pours.

By some miracle the receptionist returned at 12:00 sharp and I was the first in line. She was an attractive young woman, maybe 25, with long blonde hair and somehow managed to make the boring uniform look exciting. She led me into the other room, which had the bathroom next door. This was almost the last straw for my wailing bladder, seeing the toilet so close. For a moment I stared longingly at the door but then I was handed a piece of paper. Paperwork, with a lot of empty boxes. I scribbled down everything, grabbing myself whenever she would turn her back. She must have known how desperate I was, as I was flying through the paperwork without a second thought. At that point I would have signed anything. I could feel my bladder on the verge of exploding, and I couldn't stomach the thought of pissing myself completely in front of such a cute girl, let alone having to come back later and try again.

Finally, she handed me the cup, and after a few instructions, let me go inside the bathroom. I shut the door and whipped around. My bladder screamed at the thought of relief and I let out a quiet moan as I cinched my belt to release the loop. It all happened so fast. I successfully undid the belt, and unzipped my jeans, but the moment I reached for the cup, it was too late. Fuck! I moaned in agony. My body had given all it had but the first spurt came shooting out into my grey boxers. They darkened against the wetness and despite me clinching everything, my penis had become a garden hose and I was too far from the cutoff valve. 

The light grey cotton quickly turned almost black as I struggled to release myself from them. The relieve was orgasmic but I had to focus on getting what was necessary into the cup. I ripped my penis out of the soaked boxers and aimed it cup, unable to stop all the while. Pee came rushing out even faster than before and I filled the cup in no time. Once it was close to overflowing I re-positioned myself and aimed for the toilet. I threw my head back and gasped as what felt like an eternity passed. The relief was unlike any I had ever felt before. One hand on the cup and the other on my member, I could still feel the hot, soaking boxers against my hips and thighs.

I finished, put the lid on the cup, and looked at the damage. The dark jeans were dark enough that the wetness just looked like a shadow at a cursory glance, but my boxers were soaked. There was not a spot left of the original light grey. I felt the warm urine running down my leg and realized that I had to get out of that office as soon as possible. I cleaned myself up the best I could, signed the last papers, and practically ran out of there. I think the young lady might have suspected my issue, but she didn't say a word. I sat in my car for a moment, reveling in the relief, and drove promptly home to change.

This was certainly one of my most vivid omorashi experiences, but I have some others if people would like to hear the story! Thanks so much for reading,

- J

*001*2018-08-31 20:02

This is my first post, so if a moderator wouldn't mind approving this, I would greatly appreciate it!

