I dit it!

Author: darkblue

*000*2015-07-30 14:40

Hello, dear listeners,

I am new to omorashi and this forum, but not new to pee games. Since my youth I liked to play with my pee, I cannot really remember when it began. My desire grew bigger over the years, and now, as a grown-up man, I played a lot of wet games, unfortunately only with myself. Yet I had not the courage to tell anybody about that.

After reading many many posts here I had the strong wish to try a holding game. I searched for it and found links to holding contests at misterpoll and milovana. I tried the first one and liked it a lot. Then I tried the second link, and it was much hotter, because you cannot cheat, you have to wait exactly the time until you get further. This was it! I had to do this contest!

As I always liked to drink tea, coffee and beer, my bladder was quite trained to hold a lot of pee, until I had to go. I never drank just to pee a lot or to feel the urge to pee, I did only the natural thing. When I had to go, while I was horny, I went to the bathing tub and made it to a wet game.

But now I prepared a lot of water bottles and started, sitting in front of my computer. I answered the questions, drank a lot of water and made some exercises, such as situps, lying on my belly for 30 seconds, or pressing my hands on the bladder for the same time. I liked the game so far, my bladder getting more and more filled up with urine, but I could hold it still, no accident happened. It was such a good feeling at the base of my penis, such a tickling from inside.

But then...! I made a mistake in the game, so it ended, before it was complete!!!

I wanted so much to play until the end! I decided to start again, after more than 45 minutes... I felt really full now, I could feel a little bulge over my bladder, I had never seen this before. I didn't know if I would stand the game a second time...

So I started again, sitting with legs pressed together, answering the same questions, drinking the same amount of water, waiting the same time. It was getting harder and harder for me to follow. I had to press my legs together, as I was sitting on my comfortable chair, that would not allow proper cleaning if I leaked more than a little bit. So I had to be strong.

After drinking two more liters of water it went really bad, I never felt like this before, and I wondered, when I would explode in wetness. I found the strength to hold the pee, don't know where I got the power. I moved on my chair back and forth to ease the need to pee, I made noises. Sometimes I felt a short stream of pee rising in my penis, made its way to the end of my urethra, and suddenly stopped again. The inside of my underwear got a little bit wet, but nothing serious. I looked inside, and took two drops of pee away with my finger and licked it up.

Then suddenly: The last question was over! I made it! But now my bladder was about to explode. I rushed into the bathroom, slipped off theflipflops from my feet and jumped into the bathing tub. But I forgot my mobile phone and the selfie stick! I so much wanted to make pictures! Out of the bathing tub, on bare feet downstairs to get what I needed. But every step in a hurry was a pain for my bladder, I began to leak now. Upstairs again, back in the bathing tub!

Now just one "dry" photo, and then let it all out, that was the plan. But I had to manage to get the mobile into the selfie stick, my hands trembled, as I nearly exploded. I had to press with all my energy not to pee an ocean, before I took the first picture. I finally managed to do it......

.....and then let it all out...., yees this was it! Thanks to all people here, you gave me a new dimension of lust. It was so great to feel all my hot pee running through my underwear, wetting the trousers and finally running down the legs over my feet. It took a long time until I was empty, and I loved every second.

As I closed the sink before I exploded, I had all of my pee under my feet and I sat down into it, to feel it completely, played with it and let it run again over me. If I had a wish: I would love to hold so much pee, that I could take a bath in it afterwards. It was pure lust for me, and I felt very horny, although I was not hard.

I uploaded the pictures to my gallery, and I hope I can attach some of them here. Sorry for the bad quality... :-)

Have a wet time, see you!

