Mutual Desperation with an Old Friend

Author: BigBear

*000*2019-09-18 23:43

For a while now I have kept thinking that I need to make an account here to share some of the stories I have and an experience I had a couple of weeks ago pushed me to do it as for me it was too good not to share.

I work at a gaming centre and most days I work the evening shift which finishes at half past 10 or 11 o’clock depending on what department/shift you have been working on. A couple of weekends ago on Saturday I had worked both the afternoon shift and evening shift and was finishing at half past 10. During the evening one of my workmates had asked me if I fancied coming for a drink when we finished work and after a long day I readily agreed. The thought of an ice cold pint was very welcome. We asked around some of the other staff and a few said they would come along.

When the time came we clocked out and headed out. Luckily our place of work is located just on the edge of the town centre so it's only a five minute walk to the pub that we prefer. We got there and I finally got my ice cold pint. Once everyone had gotten their drink we went and found a table and sat chilling and unwinding after our day at work.

As usual our one drink turned into a few drinks and before we knew it the pub we were in was closing and we were asked to finish off our drinks and head off. We headed outside and we stood chatting for a while before we parted ways and some of the guys headed down the road to Mcdonalds. I headed off to go and get a taxi home and on my way I heard my name being called.

When I found the source of the shouting I saw it was an old friend. A girl that I have known since high school, so now almost 18 years (scary to think about). I waved and she came running over the road and gave me a big hug and asked how I was. She was followed by her friend who was introduced as Beccy. Having not seen her for a while we got chatting and must have been stood there for 15 minutes.

Suddenly Beccy interjected into the conversation and asked my friend where they were heading next. My friend said either one of two places to which Beccy replied

“Well can we go to one of those places soon, I need to pee”.

My friend laughed and said “okay okay, sorry, just got a lot to catch up on”. She then turned to me and asked if I wanted to join them. I thought about it for a moment and decided I would join them. I was in no rush to get home as I wasn’t at work the following day and I hadn’t seen her for ages, so it would be nice to catch up properly. I said I would join them and we set off down towards the bottom end of town.

My omo side was watching Beccy after her announcement that she needed to pee but she wasn’t showing any signs of being desperate so I ignored it. However, her announcement had made me realise my own need. I hadn’t been to the bathroom since my break at work which was hours ago by this point and I had drunk a few pints in the pub. I would go when we got to where we were going. It didn’t take us long to get there and when we did we were faced with a small queue to get in. We joined the queue and it was now we were standing still that Beccy started showing signs of needing to pee, bobbing and jiggling subtly as we stood waiting. Alas it didn’t take long for the queue to go down so I didn’t see her in a desperate state.

When we got inside I went to the bar and got us some drinks and when Beccy came back from the ladies we went and got a table and sat enjoying the atmosphere and conversation. After our drinks were finished my friend offered to get some more but Beccy said she had better head home as she was working so didn’t want to be out too late. My friend asked if I wanted to stay for a bit which I said I would be happy to, I was enjoying our conversation. Being the gentleman I am I walked Beccy across the road to the taxi office and made sure she got into a taxi and on her way home.

When I got back to the pub I decided to no longer ignore or get distracted from my need to pee and went to the bathroom. I came back and found my friend had bought us some more drinks and we sat for ages chatting and reminiscing about school and stuff that had happened over the years. I wasn’t aware of how much time had passed and was shocked when the last orders bell was rung. I looked at my phone and saw we had been there for an hour and a half. I asked if she wanted another drink but she said she was fine and said she wanted to go get something to eat. We left the pub we were at and headed through town towards Mcdonalds.

When we got there it was as expected, quite busy. We went over to the self order till and put in our order then joined the queue to wait for our food. When our order came up we grabbed it and went outside and crossed the road to sit on the benches in the town square. We sat there for a while eating our food and continuing our conversation.

When we had finished eating we decided to head down to the train station to each get a taxi. As we crossed over and walked past mcdonalds I looked in and found myself wishing the toilets were accessible. After a certain time in the evening they close the upstairs part of the restaurant which just leaves the disabled toilet downstairs for people to use. However on a weekend evening when the place is usually full of drunk people and lots of people just coming in to use the toilet they block off the back area where the disabled toilet and the security they hire to stop any trouble happening stop people using the toilet, and I know from experience they don’t let you even when asking, which i have seen a lot of people do.

The thought crossed my mind as I was once again feeling my bladder filling up. It had been almost two hours since I had last peed and that had “broken the seal”. Luckily I have always had a big bladder so have never been overly worried about breaking the seal as I don’t tend to fill too quickly or find I am having to go every 15 minutes but given the chance I would have peed before heading off for my taxi.

As if reading my mind my friend looked into Mcdonalds and said “Pity they won’t let you use the toilets in there, I would go right now”.

I looked round at her and laughed. “I was just thinking the same thing,” I told her. I then realised that although it wasn’t quite as long as me it had been a while since she had last used the bathroom. She had been just before we left the pub but it had been a while since then. I knew that between where we were and the train station there wasn’t anywhere so I asked her if she wanted to walk down to where there were places still open to go to the toilet. She shook her head and said “no it’s fine, was just thinking that I would have gone had they been open but as they are not I won’t”. I nodded in agreement and we carried on walking down towards the train station.

It took us about five minutes to get there and we walked over to the taxi rank and joined the queue. It was only when we got in line I realised something I should have probably asked before. I asked her where she lived and when she told me I said we might as well share a taxi as I only lived 5 minutes away from her, stupid that I didn’t think of that sooner but there you go. She said that was fine and we stood waiting.

After about ten minutes three things were evident, one the taxi’s were coming back pretty regular which meant the queue was moving fast, which was a good thing as the second thing that was evident was my bladder was certainly filling up and I was definitely bursting. The third thing was the same could be said about my friend. As we were standing I noticed her crossing and uncrossing her legs and occasionally shifting from foot to foot. Given that I knew she needed to pee and how long since she last went I could only guess she was feeling as full as I was.

Seeing those movements and knowing she was desperate to pee was a turn on in itself but also being in the same situation made it much more arousing. I always find mutual desperation more arousing. I was mesmerised watching her wondering if she was as bursting for a pee as I was. I should take this time to describe her. She is about 5 foot 7, brunette, hourglass figure, which she was showing off perfectly in a figure hugging white dress. I have always found her very attractive and that night was no exception.

We were soon at the front of the queue and I commented on it, saying hopefully the taxi wouldn’t be too long till it got her. She nodded and then leaned in and said “hopefully not, I’m really starting to wish the toilets in mcdonalds were open”. My eyes widened at those words. I knew exactly what she meant but I wanted to hear her say more so I pleaded ignorance and replied with “what? Why’s that”.

She looked around at the people behind us in the queue and then whispered “I am wishing they had been open because I am bursting for a pee”. She did a little bob as if to emphasise her point to me and I nodded and said “yeah me too”. She smiled a little.

“Well I am glad im not alone” she smirked and playfully teased me.

For the next few minutes we stood waiting and gently squirming. Now I knew she was bursting too it made it so much more fun.

Eventually a taxi pulled up and we jumped in the back and I told the driver where we were going and he pulled off. Thankfully the roads were quiet and progress was quick. Which I was glad about as I was really bursting and knew it wouldn’t be long till I was desperate and struggling to hold on.

I was torn between concentrating on my own desperate need and thinking about my friend sat next to me desperately needing to pee too. I was hoping and praying that it wouldn’t take too long to get to our destination. Had I been on my own I would have probably been grabbing my cock through my trousers to help me hold on but I couldn’t do that with her sitting there so I had to resort to squeezing my legs against my cock and trying not to make it too obvious about how badly I had to go. Even though she knew it was still embarrassing.

The next five minutes passed in silence, both of us just looking out of the window, I could see her legs tapping and bouncing, just like mine were and seeing them just made it so hard to think of anything but the aching need to whip out my cock and pee.

The silence was broken by a moan. I looked around at her and she blushed slightly at me looking at her. She bit her lip and then leaned in and whispered “I need a wee!!”. I nodded and said “me too, not much longer now”. She squirmed and moaned “it better not be, I’m getting really desperate”. I was too, my boxers were in danger of getting wet if I didn’t pee soon. I didn’t care anymore. I reached down and grabbed myself. She looked at me shocked and I said “Sorry, it just really helps”.

She blushed and said “I wish I could do that” and laughed.

I spent the next few minutes focusing on holding on, my hand squeezing my cock was helping but only a little, I had to pee soon. I resolved that when we reached her house I was getting out. At least if I got out and walked the last little bit home I could find somewhere discreet to pee. Better than staying in the taxi and risk not making it.

I was so glad when we pulled up outside her house. I pulled my wallet out and handed the driver the money. She looked at my confused and I said “oh I'm going to walk the rest of the way”. I got out and she got out of the other side. As the taxi pulled off she asked if I was sure about walking the rest of the way. I no longer needed to be coy with her. I told her that I couldn’t stay in the taxi or I would most likely wet myself. It would be better to walk. I gave myself a squeeze and she said “oh you like you are, if you are as desperate as I am you must be about to wet yourself for sure”.

Before I could reply she said “you can use my bathroom if you like, save you having to walk home in that state. I don’t have an issue with peeing outside but in my desperate state the sooner I got to pee the better. I thanked her and walked with her to her front door. As she looked for her keys in her bag we both stood dancing and squirming and I could no longer keep from grabbing myself. Being so close to relief was torture, it was all I could do not to explode right there and then. I undid my belt and slid my hand down grabbing my cock tightly. I was starting to dribble a little into my boxers.

She opened the door and then turned to me and looked shocked when she saw my hand down my pants. She pointed inside and told me where the bathroom was. I dashed inside and up the stairs. I heard her shout after me to hurry up and I muttered something in response. I burst into the bathroom and thankfully my pants were already undone. I grabbed my cock and pulled it out and before I even had it fully free of my boxers I started peeing. I quickly got it out and aimed at the toilet. A loud splashing noise filled the room followed by my sigh of relief. The stream was so hard and the intense pressure on my bladder slowly lifted. It felt so damn good to pee.

“Ooooo god that sounds nice”.

I looked around and found my friend standing in the doorway. In my rush I hadn’t closed the door or anything. I was about to apologise but she added “oh that sound is killing me, please please hurry, I’m about to have an accident”.

I turned back to look at her and my eyes widened when I saw her standing there, her dress pulled up round her waist, her hand clamped between her legs against her pink thong. I couldn’t take my eyes off her. Watching her frantically dance and squirm was so hot. Was even hotter knowing she was in that state whilst watching me get relief.

Eventually my stream started to slow down to which she started chanting “oh yes yes please please please, I can’t wait.''

My stream finished and I moved aside. The moment I moved she dashed forward panting and stood with her legs crossed tightly before suddenly in a quick motion uncrossing her legs, pulling her knickers down and sat down. The moment she did she started peeing full force. The sound of her stream coupled with her sigh of relief had me so aroused. I wouldn’t have been able to hide my erection if I tried. Thankfully she was too focused on her relief to notice. I turned away to the sink to wash my hands and waited until she was done. She came over and washed her hands and asked if I wanted a drink of anything or was I going home. I said I would stay for a drink and she said she would just get changed and would make one. I went downstairs and waited for her. She came down and made us a cup of tea and we sat chatting for a while. Before I headed home. Was certainly fun bumping into my old friend.

