My first holding contest (sort of)

Author: Mystic007

*000*2021-10-06 23:05

Disclaimer, pardon me if it's too long, hope you enjoy.

Hi guys, Maggie's here, and here's my first holding contest I ever did, and it was a bit unexpected. Back in the day, 5 years ago I was studying for the last exam of the last year of school the most important one, but I had severely issues with one key subject in math, and this was really bad, because while the subject as a whole wasn't there in the exam, there it was the subject from my course that requires a bit of math for good measure. So 2 weeks before that I met Marco, (back in the day he was my friend, now we don't see each other by sometime and luckily we don't see now it's a (*family friendly*) but those are unneccesary details).

Anyway, before focusing on my math problems we went out a bit, it was a sunny and hot day, and in those kind of days, I become pretty thirsty so lots of water and juices, and I remember that I was wearing a pair of grey jeans, IDEAL FOR THE INCOMING SUMMER (i'm stupid i know). I believe it was 3:30/4pm and we headed home to study for the exam, and from an exercise to another we complained about Sofia that she was late. It didn't passed much time before I needed to go the bathroom, but honestly I didn't want to go, for two reason, first I always was too shy to use any toilet that wasn't in home except in really really dire situation, but at the same time I was in the verge of discovering this new kink.

After my first accident, which may seems counterintuitive to my shyness, maybe because I didn't have someone to talk about it back in the day, so for the moment I was like ok no toilets for me. so more time passes and right before 5pm Sofia arrived, at that time while I wasn't desperate or anything, I felt my bladder heavier and heavier. Anyway as soon as Sofia arrived she asked to Marco where it was the bathroom, she had to take a really long piss, she said. Marco said sure, follow me, then THE TRAGEDY.

I didn't saw them but I clearly heard Sofia screaming, Marco there's a rat, there's a rat right here, and Marco was like, I'm about to end this rat's whole carrer. Anyway Sofia wasn't going to enter in that bathroom anytime soon despite her being already bursting. So while he was trying to keep that disciple of satan out of the bathroom, we talked a bit about our bladder filling and filling up, meanwhile sometimes we heard Marco screaming, holy sheet cockroaches!! Or f*ck u little brat.

Yeah it was a bit weird but we laugh it off. Anyway all the liquids I drank before started to push really hard in my bladder, so 15 mins later after the unfortunate encounter I reached him, asking if we could go to the bathroom, we were in a hurry, he said I promise, give me 2 more minutes and this bathroom will shine for both of you no filthy animals are allowed to enter this sacred space and other bullshits. I returned to Sofia confident that we will get our relief pretty soon, it took a bit of time but he eventually emerged victorious from the battle of the century, also we finished to study so we were ready to the big marathon of fun starring Wii sport resort and Mario Kart Wii, what great games I miss them.

But before I and Sofia had something to take care first, in fact I remember Sofia said, finally I'm bursting, please Maggie let me go first. Then Marco stops both us, and said I have a little surprise for both of you. Sofia was a bit displeased, plz Marco I really need to go to the bathroom. He replied, wait just 5 minutes, trust me, inviting us to go to the kitchen, and I was like HELLA CURIOUS about this, I was legitimately thinking about something omo-related but I discarded that option, thinking that it was stupid, anyway by this time I was pretty desperate. 3 minutes or so later it arrived Marco with a can filled with many and many notes, then he said, Ladies, for both of you I have something special, then he invited one of us to draw one of the multiple notes and then doing what he says.

And because i'm telling all of this in this site, I know that at this point you my dear fellow omo person, have figured it out what is happened. Sofia draw the notes then he said, Challenge, Last to go to the bathroom. Then Sofia said, I hate u. I tried everything to hide it but I was super happy, finally I thought that I have found someone to talk about this kink and etc etc (it didn't end like this, but details). Sofia continued to be a bit disappointed, she really wanted to have that damn piss!

Then I replied that come on, I'm sure that you can hold it for the next 6 hours, and then I laughed a lot when she said, it's not like you are gonna resist for long, your legs are glued in that crossed position like two magnet attracting one to another. Marco said, of course you can also choose to not do it, I just want to do something borderline silly, then I entered in the mood saying to sofia, are u challenging me??? and (i'm sure that I said something else but i don't remember anyway it happened 5 years ago it feels like yesterday... almost) Anyway she accepted the challenge and here's the rules:

1) We were obliged to drink set amount of water for the time being

2) Every 30 minutes we had to do mini-challenges as like pressing on our bladder to make the hold more difficukt

3) The access to the bathroom wasn't completely denied, like he invited us to go if we were too uncomfortable or in pain, also it will be pretty embarassing to return home in peed clothes, for this is a last to go to the bathroon, and not a last tl hold it.

Anyway we were all standing each other, Me, Sofia and Marco, ready to drink, to laugh to cry all of this in order to win. But it didn't last for very long we were all desperate before the holding, Marco included he held it just for this challenge but his bladder wasn't stronk so he forfeited after feeling an atrocious pain after pressing on his bladder, just 1 hour after the start. Then it was only Sofia that stand up on thd way of victory, and I was literally dying, exploding, everything. After marco forfeited we tortured each other on the attempt to win with more drinking, tickling, and just kidding she went to the bathroom right after Marco... yeah it was a fluke but hey no complains about that, but I were in a serious trouble now, because I was COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY EXPLODING BUT THE BATHROOM WAS OCCUPIED BY SOFIA THAT IT TOOK FOREVER TO EXIT, and all the time it was Marco that was laughing at my pee pee dance, waiting helplessly in front to the bathroom's door.

After she exited I was about to close the door in a total hurry but unfortunately I was completely at my limit and I couldn't hold it anymore and I start peeing before I could take off my jeans resulting in panties completely wet and a relatively small wet spot on my jeans but impossible to hide. Honestly I felt bad a bit despite having acknowledged this kink as a part of my life from now on, like I also wetted the carpet in Marco's bathroom, I turned pretty red like a pepper when I admitted it to the guys, but it was no matter, got a change of panties (briefs because he had none) and I wetted my pants with water in order to hide the pee wetness then we turned home as usual, I can confidently said that it was an important stepping stone on me deciding to remain on this kink, despite being kinda lame, i mean the challenges that I do nowadays are better than those. Hope you enjoy.

