Another school desperation

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-09-04 09:13

This time I was in primary 7 and I was 11. Now because I was in upper school so we were expected to use the toilets downstairs at playtime and lunchtime and otherwise wait until home time.

I tried not to drink much anyway as I hated the school toilets with their horrible half black seat tops which were cold and had a gap at the front. I hated how the doors had gaps at the top and bottom and how the cubicle walls were so thin everyone heard every drop of pee you did. I hated the smell and the horrible harsh paper towels to dry your hands that left your hands sore and damp. I even hated the cheap education standard toilet paper that hurt your private areas every time you had to wipe yourself. I just stayed away and would rush home at 3pm to use my bathroom at home. I did have a few close calls but this day was different.

It was the afternoon and I had had the free school milk (the days before Margaret Thatcher did away with it) and then juice with my lunch. By now I was a monitor at lunch time with the little children and I was allowed some juice to have while helping them before having my own dinner and juice again when they left and it was the second sitting. I had probably had something to drink with breakfast too. By later in the afternoon I had the urge to go.

I was far too shy to ask to be excused and besides, as I said, I hated the toilets so much. So I did my usual and held. I was always very discreet about holding in school but by this point I was also aware of a new and different feeling too whenever I had a full bladder. It was like a tingling feeling in my pants and a draw to touch myself down there. I wriggled about a little on my chair as I felt my need growing. Even if I could wait until 3pm I had a 25 minutes walk home first before I could use the bathroom and for some reason I was getting worried this day.

I moved the the edge of my seat and wriggled. The problem was all the wriggling was increasing my desire to touch myself so bad. My breasts had developed by this point and it was just months before my cycle would start so I certainly had all the hormones in place though I was still young, naive and innocent. I was also getting quite bursting for the toilet too now. I tried crossing my legs and bouncing my knee but that wasn’t helping. I really wanted to put my hand between my legs and my brain was urging me to do this for more than one reason. My body was tingling all over and I was so sensitive to touch. I tried to get on with my work but I really did need the loo now and it was hard to hold on much longer.

All of a sudden I heard my name being mentioned. I turned around to hear the teacher ask me if I could go to the storage cupboard for a couple of new jotters for some children who had finished the ones they had. I must have been the messenger or something but I was actually pretty glad to get out my seat and out of the classroom. I seriously toyed with the idea of racing for a pee that I so urgently needed but two things stopped me: one I was scared to be caught and get into trouble and secondly the toilets were downstairs and the storage cupboard was upstairs in the total opposite direction!

I danced my way to the cupboard which was in the back of a spare classroom that was used for dance/drama/watching tv etc. I looked into the room through the glass topped door and saw a class in the room doing drama. I was looking in with one hand between my legs and my legs continually moving. I was close to peeing myself and had to walk through a room of children to get into a huge walk in cupboard.

I chapped the door while trying to stop myself pee dancing. It was not working terribly well so I opened the door and said so quickly ‘the teacher has asked me to get something from the cupboard’ and at that I ran through the room, opened the cupboard door and shut the door behind me. I rummaged for the light and found myself in a rectangular room with shelves on either side and stocked with a variety of reading books on one side and jotters on the other, right from bottom to top. At the end of the room was a plastic chair obviously used to stand on to reach higher objects. I had both hands between my legs now and I ran to the chair and sat down. How I wished that chair was a toilet! I was so so desperate I could not sit still and with both hands between my legs I rocked back and forth begging my pee to stay in.

Suddenly I felt warm and shaking. My pants were damp and I assumed I had wet myself so I slipped my hands into my pants as I rocked to find I had not peed but yet I was somehow strangely damp. I kept rocking and pushing against myself with my hands as the sweat poured off me. I lost all sense of what I was doing when suddenly the need to pee became immense and I pulled my pants to the side and raised myself a little off the chair as pee splattered from my damp vagina and onto the plastic chair. I panicked about it spilling over so I let out enough to ease my bladder a bit, released the gusset of my pants to cover myself back up and grabbed the jotters and went back to class.

The problem was my face was so red, I was sweating, and I was terrified I would get into trouble. I remember the teacher commenting that it took me a while and I said there was a class in the room and the teacher was chatting to me!

Of course that never explained my red face, the sweat beads on my forehead and back of my neck and my ability to now sit perfectly still.

That was the only time I ever did anything like that and to this day I still get red faced thinking about it.

*002*2018-09-04 09:55

{{17 minutes ago, Klotz1796 said:

Excellent story! Great that you managed to let a little bit out then stop the rest - did you then make it home?

}}

Yes thankfully though it was a very close call!

*004*2018-09-04 10:08

{{1 minute ago, Klotz1796 said:

Haha, I could imagine!

I never used to like going for a wee in school either - lots of times I’d be walking home desperate, one hand in my pocket squeezing myself to keep it in!

}}

I would really love to hear more about those times!

*009*2018-09-04 13:00

{{58 minutes ago, daisyduke said:

Yes sometimes people who sat next asked if i had to pee when i was obviously squirming or crossing my legs hehe. did people notice when you had to pee?

}}

Had people guess st school when I was squirming many a time. I think guys have a huge advantage with pockets that let them squeeze!

