Peed myself in a bus in anaheim ca

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-09-03 05:38

I have a very small bladder according to my doctor my bladder didnt develop up properly which makes me slightly retarded but im okay with it...

It was late afternoon and I was leaving Disneyland. In the morning my radiator cracked so it left me stranded and I took the bus to work at 5pm. When I got off work, I had to take the bus home in rush hour traffic. I have a small bladder, I cant hold it for a long time. I decided to go to Disneyland before I went home. I drunk a lot of beer and liqour to enjoy myself and have fun with new friends I met. When it was time to go I drunk 2 40oz of beer and a 200ml bottle of Jack Daniels to show off. When I got into my friends car we did a crap load of different drugs and drank more. We where so drugged and drunk I told my friend I'll take a Mikey Mouse bus home. I was so high that it took me 3 hours to find the bus route, by that time I needed to pee very very badly. I got on the bus and The first thing the bus driver does is get stuck in traffic near Downtown Disney.

My bladder was so full it was sore and I was grabbing myself to try to keep the pee in. I asked the bus driver if she was going to go to Sunkist & Lincoln which is my cross street in Anaheim. She said yes she does. It was 11 :30pm when I got to my chair my bladder was so full that I started to hold on to myself and wiggling my legs. I was very very drunk, drugged and my bladder was desperately full. Naturally I started to tear up a lot because I had no where to go pee pee. My bladder was so full it started to contracted and I started to pee a little in my shorts.

My bladder was so full it started to burn as I tried to hold it. My bladder went very numb and contracted extremely I squeezed myself as hard as I could but I lost control and I started peeing myself on the bus. I couldn't stop myself from peeing my shorts, I completely lost control and I could not stop the pee from coming out. The pee pooled around my feet and dripped onto the floor. When my bladder was empty I was soaking wet and their was a puddle on the bus floor. When I got to my stop by the gas station, I exited the rear door and walked home to take a shower.

[email protected]

___

