Bedwtting and desperate struggle

Author: runsy

*000*2012-07-09 16:38

I thought I should share the story of what happened to me last night with you all. It's been forever since I made a post like this so I hope you enjoy it.

I had drank a bunch of water before bed because of a headache that I had. I felt dehydrated as I had barely consumed any water during the day. I fell asleep and had some really bizarre dreams, the majority of which took place during the beginning stages of a zombie apocalypse.

My dream took a step back into the real world, I was back at home, waiting for my drummer to give me a call about when our gig was supposed to be that night. I waited for a bit before he finally got a hold of me, saying that the bar expects us to play at 3AM...

"3AM!?" I thought, "wtf bar is this that they expect live entertainment at 3 AM?" Anyways, my dream progressed into a 1am stage to where I consciously decided to use the bathroom before leaving for San Francisco to the gig. However, I must have felt devious enough at the time to want to play around a bit. I dropped my pants, and began to hold myself over the sink. I let a little jet out, and surprisingly my pants felt wet. I began to go more, in spurts each time. My stomach started to feel wet from the outside. I finally sat down on the toilet in my dream, which to my surprise left a strong tingling sensation in my penis. It felt as though I had been holding back as long as I could, keeping the flood at bay until the floodgates opened, and I began to pee uncontrollably.

I immediately woke up to the sensation of the urine flowing through my urethra. I had been sleeping on my stomach, my penis pointing upward at my stomach, pressed between my body and my bed. I could feel the stream, strongly pushing through, exiting the burning tip, and filling my boxers. In my current state of grogginess, still peeing, I pushed myself up from my bed. All the urine slid back and began flowing down my legs. I climbed out of bed, clenched tight my shaft, and began walking toward the bathroom.

Each step forward, I spurted out. Droplets fell from my damp grey boxers onto the carpet. My bladder relaxed again, and another jet shot out. I was losing the battle to get to the bathroom. My boxers were soaked, the bottom of my shirt was damp. I twisted my legs together, clenched tightly, and forced my bladder to close. I took a few more steps, the tip burned as more pee tried to escape, but dribbled out of the rock hard tip and slowly slipped down the firm shaft. I was 5 feet away from the bathroom. another 2 second burst blasted out with such force, that it shot straight through my boxers, into the air and landed in a stream in from of me. As i stepped forward, on the drops I had made, the wetness my feet felt created a new sensation to pee. I stood there rigid in full body, leaking slowly drip, by drip, by drip. I could feel a stream starting down my legs.

The tip was forced open each tiny wave, and my wet hands promptly closed it shut. I was too close to give up. Tears of focus streamed down my face as I took the last step toward the bathroom, laying my feet on the cold linoleum. Pain sparked through my penis, My grip had no effect on it. Painfully, each flex I made stopped another shot out of the tip. each shot projected outward, splattering against the cabinets below my bathroom sink. I lunged for the toilet, grabbing the seat and my boxers simultaneously. the dampness made them tough to pull off. As they exposed my penis, I began to burst uncontrollably. It shot out toward my shower doors, splattering them with urine. I then plopped onto the toilet. With a sigh of relief, I loosened my muscles, my body collapsed back. I had to use one hand to guide myself into the bowl. Sweet relief.

I peed for the better half of two minutes, before I finally slowed to a stop.

Feeling drenched and a little sticky, I turned on the shower long enough to shower off the wetness. I grabbed a second towel for my bad, where most of the wetness had soaked into the matress. I placed the towel down, put a few blankets on top, and went back to sleep, feeling exhausted and spent.

I hope you all enjoyed this. It's been a while since I posted a story here!

*003*2012-07-10 06:13

Thanks for the kind words :)

Going through college, I always said "If I don't make it as a programmer, I'm going to become a writer"

Well, I'm a programmer... and a musician!

However, I still enjoy writing

