Road trip wetting

Author: theGAME777

*000*2017-12-28 17:28

So I went to visit some friends recently that I hadn't seen in a while. We had a good time and the entire weekend was very enjoyable. Eventually the day of my return trip back home came. I got up and had breakfast which included 2 cups of coffee and orange juice. I took a shower and peed prior to departing on my 4 hour journey.

As my journey began I stopped to fill the car up with gas, which included buying a 1 liter bottle of water. I figured I just peed not long ago so I should be fine. I was quite thirsty so it didn't take long to drink the whole bottle.

The first 90 minutes of the drive was single lane highway with no place to pull over. I didn't have any reason to stop for most of that time. However, towards the end of that 90 minutes I was starting to feel the effects of the coffee and water. I continued driving figuring that I would come by a gas station eventually. I finally did and to my disappointment saw a sign on the wall inside the store that read "No public restroom".

I thought to myself ok, fine. I'll keep going and I'll find another one. I made my way to the interstate and after about another hour my need to pee was about 7 out of 10. To make matters worse traffic had slowed down to a crawl. For the next hour traffic was barely moving and my need to pee was continuing to increase. I began to squirm and pee-dance in my seat, squeezing my thighs tightly together and holding my crotch to keep the contents of my rock hard bladder contained. My car is also a manual transmission which makes holding my pee in more difficult due to constantly having to let go of my dick to change gears.

My need to pee was now between a 9 and a 10. I continued to sqirm and pee-dance. Then I began to think to myself I'm not gonna make it much longer and if I don't get out of this traffic soon I'm gonna pee my pants. Then it began to happen. I left go of my dick to change gears and began to dribble in my boxers. I quickly clamped down on my crotch to stop the flow. I continued to dribble a little bit with each shift of the gear. Eventually I drove out of the jam, but found that there was still several more miles left before the next rest stop. I dribbled a few more times in my boxers before i arrived at the rest center.

I pulled into the parking lot and as i attempted to get out of the car i felt a burst of pee escape, wetting the crotch of my jeans. I crossed my legs tightly and clamped down hard to try and stop the flow, but this time realized that as soon as I left go it would continue to come out. I made my way to the restroom, pee continuing to dribble out, wetting my hand on my crotch. I got to the urinal, whipped out my dick, and for the next minute plus peed long and hard. Afterwards I inspected the damage to my jeans. My crotch was pretty wet, as were my boxers. However, this could have been much worse had I been stuck in traffic much longer. All being said I will let you guys decide how bad the damage was.

*006*2017-12-30 14:07

{{On 12/28/2017 at 1:27 PM, luvmybladder4 said:

In an STI no less! Got one myself!

}}

Really? That's awesome! I love my car!

*007*2017-12-31 03:14

{{On 12/28/2017 at 6:42 PM, Uniee said:

Good job you were on way home.. but hoooootttttttt

}}

Thanks. Yeah I was glad it happened on the way home too. It would have been more difficult had I peed my pants on the way for sure.

