Playful night

Author: Elyra

*000*2017-08-18 20:23

Hey guys :)

I know, I didn't post for a while, so I hope you'll forgive me ^^

It was a Friday evening and my girl and I were bored. So we invited some of our closest friends over. Not for a party, just for relaxing and talking. You know that kind of friends you're comfortable with and can just be yourself in comfortable clothes.

So they came, let's call them Mary and Laura.

They are so close to us, we decided this evening to open up to them about our like for omorashi. It's a sensitive topic, but they were great and got really interested, cause they never tried it, but wanted to give it a try.

Normally, I'm the one who gives the ideas, so I told them the rules for this game:

- drink a lot

- estimate the level of desperation by themselves

- try to hold as long as possible

- no permission to use the bathroom until one episode of our favourite TV show was over

They agreed and my girl brought water, soda and ice cubes. Laura and Mary started to drink really fast. They couldn't imagine their urge would grow so fast and my girl and I kept silent, we only looked at each other and grinned.

This episode would last for an hour, and they had started drinking long before it even started.

The first 30 minutes, there was nothing special, I could only see Laura changing her position every few seconds, but she didn't say anything.

Sometimes my girl is a devil, so she kept filling her glass and gave it to her. Mary remained silent, she only had a hand on her bladder and sometimes I could see her slightly push against it and looking startled.

Five more minutes passed, then Laura stood up. Too fast, she whimpered, crossed her legs and bounced up and down "Ok, I'm done, I HAVE to go, so please?" she looked at me, but I intended not to hear anything and my girl intervened "Rules are clear. Whats your level?" Laura breathed heavily as she tried to estimate her level "Maybe a... 7? Or 8?"

My girl smiled "Then you have more than enough time. Sit down girl. You'll make it."

I looked at Mary, she was still silent and seemed to be focused on the screen. Her legs were pressed together but there was no other sign of desperation.

I was impressed of her ability to hold, she drank more than Laura. Oh little did I know!

The show went on, with a whimpering, pee dancing Laura, who couldn't sit still any second and holding herself with both hands for her dear life.

Like I said, this evening my girl was the devil, not me, so she filled a glass with ice cold water. She "accidentally" tripped and flipped the glass on Laura, so the ice cold water hit her bladder and crotch. Lauras eyes flew open in shock "Oh no... Oh no no no no!" she jumped from the couch and rushed to the bathroom, both hands in her crotch.

My girl was giggling, she had obviously a good time. Laura came back a few minutes later, obviously relieved and relaxed.

When the show was done, we stood up and Mary asked calmly, if she could now use the bathroom. Her legs were shaking from the effort to be held together and she still had the hand on her bladder, now as a fist. I said yes and she turned around to walk to the bathroom, when my girl got kind of sentimental and decided, this was the best moment to show Mary some love "You did so well, I'm so proud of you!" she huggend Mary from behind and squeezed her tight, digging her fist into her bladder.

That was way to much for her. Mary whimpered and started crying immediately.

My girl did't realize her reaction at all and squeezed her even tighter. Poor Mary, she didnt stand a chance against the flood. She wet herself completely, staying in shock in her growing puddle.

Finally, my girl let her go and she could take a shower, we cleaned up together and gave her clothes to change.

We talked long this night and Laura regretted going to the bathroom.

We want to meet again for another round of holding play. But this time, I'll set the rules a bit harder. The devil in me has some great ideas ^^

*003*2017-08-24 13:19

{{On 23.8.2017 at 1:42 PM, largebio said:

Why don't I have friends like yours?

}}

I don't know. Maybe you have them but don't know yet. You can never know what people think, maybe they're interested too and just too shy to open up about their interest

