So Unprepared

Author: Missypee

*000*2016-07-16 07:49

The other day Matt's truck was due for a service, and being still under warranty it had to go back to the dealer for them to do the work.

As Matt was still away at work and I had a day off, I offered to take his beloved truck to the dealer myself and besides it meant when he was home it would be one less thing to catch up on. The dealership is a little over an hour away from where we live, so by the time I got down there and had the work done it was most of the day gone. I didn't really mind, I could wander around the shops and just browse to my hearts content.

I couldn't have picked a worse day, it started to rain during the night and really never stopped. So I grabbed my coat because I knew I had to walk a short distance to town from the dealership and I didn't really want to get drowned in the process. Before I set off I had my usual glass of water and a coffee to start my day. It rained steadily all the way down, but in Matts truck I felt safe and secure from the occasional buffeting wind along the way. 

Half way on my trip the coffee and water I had before breakfast had filtered through to my bladder and I was getting a lovely little full sensation that was starting to make me horny, I admit I started to rub my crotch as my need to pee increased, but had to back off encase I worked myself into a frenzy. I really didn't have time for an impromptu stop in a truck bay to " take care of business " I was starting to regret not wearing any protection because I could see myself having a lovely time walking around wetting a pull up while I was busy looking at nothing in the shops.

By the time I dropped Matt's truck off I was busting to pee and feeling a little flushed at the same time . My first stop as I walked to town was to find a toilet. The cold air wasn't helping my need either as I started to worry about actually wetting myself before I found a loo. Eventually I found a public toilet, rushed in and wrenched my pants down just in the nick of time!. Oh the relief was amazing, I had pushed myself past my safe limit but it was so worth it. 

I glanced down at my knickers, I was sure that I had leaked a little on my frantic dash to undress. Sure enough I had wet them a bit, I wasn't sure if it was pee or the state of mind I was in, probably a combination of both. I decided against changing them, I really couldn't be bothered going through the exercise in the cramped stall and probably getting my jeans wet on the damp toilet floor . Instead I decided to go to the supermarket and get a small pack of pads that I could carry easily that would take care of any more leaks and my over "lubricated" state I had got myself into.

I wandered into the "Personal Care " section of the super market and selected a small pack of 6 Tena Ultra Dry before finding a restroom where I could make my cold, clammy wet panties more comfy to wear. I stuck the pad into my underwear, pulled my jeans up and then marvelled at how comfortable these pads were to wear. I had never worn this type before, they were so soft and fluffy. As I left the restroom another added bonus, I smiled as I walked, my bum cheeks brushed over the pad giving me the sexist sensation. Oh what a feeling !!

I was in the mood for some naughty fun, I had several hours to kill and what better way than holding a full bladder again. My dreary day was becoming very enjoyable, I set out to find a coffee shop . Coffee gives me the best urgency, but today I just wanted to let my bladder fill slowly so I could indulge my omo fetish without being on the verge of wetting my pants and having to constantly be in the toilet peeing, so I decided no water to fill up on. I found a café, bought a coffee then settled to read some of the magazines whilst basking in the warmth of an open fire. Even by myself it felt such a romantic setting . I would have loved to have Matt around, my mind wandered again, again my horniness returned.

I wished my bladder to fill quickly, so I could bath in the prickly urgency of my swollen bladder and the danger of a public leak. I grew impatient and decided to leave the comfortable warmth of the café for the harsh cold of the outside. It worked !the moment I stood up I felt pangs of urgency returning . I ventured outside just in time for a squall of rain to come tumbling down. I sheltered under the awning of the shop to avoid getting wet and watched as streams of water ran down the street . I squeezed my legs together as the noise of the rain falling on the roofs made me want to pee . I was glad I was wearing a pad because I could sense a minor accident at any moment, but I survived. The rain stopped leaving me to walk and browse again. I held on pausing only when the urge to pee peaked to cross my legs and fight off wetting myself.

Eventually my phone rang, Matts truck was ready to be picked up. I was a little sad because my holding adventure was coming to an end. I don't know how many people saw me standing cross legged at times while I fought of the urge to pee my pants, though I did get a few looks from a few passers by. I ignored them as if what I was doing was the most natural thing in the world to do.

I walked back to the dealership and picked up Matt's truck. I resisted the urge to use the dealers toilet, instead I would wait and enjoy my bulging bladder for a few more minutes, as I was going to fuel up before I started back to my house. There I could pee and get myself settled for the drive back . I pulled into the service station, there were cars everywhere so I had to wait. Finally it was my turn. I had to pee that bad I was shaking. I questioned my sanity of waiting instead of going at the dealership. As I stepped out of the truck I got the biggest urge to pee, instinctively I crossed my legs and thrust my hand into my crotch, but I felt a few drops of pee escape into my pad.

I made my way to the bowser, Matt's truck has a huge fuel tank so I began to fill hoping my self made ordeal would be soon over . I closed my eyes to help concentrate on holding my pee, my legs were permanently crossed and I now found myself bobbing up and down subconsciously trying to stop from wetting myself. Fuel gurgled into the tank which only made my situation worse. I grabbed myself, I really couldn't care who was looking at me. I was on the verge of pissing myself. I could feel myself losing control little by little.

Finally I filled the hungry beast, I looked up, I need to walk about 30 meters to pay and then relief !! It was the longest walk. I swore I was weeing in my pad the whole way, it was warm, I could feel myself doing it. I approached the counter and gave the woman Matt's fuel card, a short distance away relief, the toilet . I had my legs crossed but I was still leaking, I took the card from the cashier, looked down to place it in my purse took one step ................. an old lady brushed past me and in a flash she rushed into the toilet and closed the door !! .

She was obviously busting too. A cold wave of terror riveted me to the spot, I was so close to the loo that my bladder was getting "proximity syndrome" I looked at the cashier just as my bladder let lose . She could see I was in trouble I had been leaking for minutes and now the flood gates had opened . I stood there helplessly pissing myself, I couldn't stop !! It flooded around my bum ran down my legs and into my boots . I was utterly shocked !! I have never been so unprepared for a public accident . I panicked and left with pee still running down my legs to the safety of Matt's truck.

I couldn't get in with pee running everywhere, I took a deep breath, I already know people are looking at me . They know I've wet my pants !! Ok calm down I thought , I grabbed as much paper hand towel as I needed to line Matt's seat before I got into his truck. All I could think of was Matt is going to kill me if his truck stinks of pee.

I jumped in an drove away escaping any more humiliation, my hands trembled but I managed to compose myself so I could think myself out of my silly accident. I had really enjoyed the holding part of my day but now my jeans were getting cold . I found a secluded truck bay stopped and hid behind the door while I took off my pissy jeans and knickers . I wiped myself over with some baby wipes from my bag and a couple of tissues before putting on a pair of "emergency knickers" I keep just encase.

I climbed back in the warmth of the cab, I was just in my panties and a jumper, I closed my eyes . Pissing myself so publicly had briefly killed my horniness, but now out of sight I relaxed and went over the last hours. My hand slipped into my panties ............. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh I was going to wait till I got home !!

*004*2016-07-16 11:33

{{11 minutes ago, gobphus said:

Wow, Missypee, you really got yourself into a fine pickle by not using the loo at the dealership! But you seem to have recovered your horniness after wetting yourself and enjoyed the tender movements of your fingers inside your emergency knickers. Thanks for sharing!

}}

I know it was my fault, it shocked me a bit because at no stage did I think I was going to wet my pants. I was just enjoying the hold. Oh but it might be awhile before I go back to the servo though.

*008*2016-07-20 11:18

{{On 16/07/2016 at 8:39 PM, bobabouy said:

@MissyPee, I enjoyed you lack of preparation. There have been a couple of times that I've had accidents at gas stations. Unfortunately I was less prepared with no change of clothes or no place to cleanup and change.

}}

In my own car, I always carry a change of clothes, encase I accidently wet myself or if I am more daring and the situation is right, I pee my pants on purpose. This time I was really caught out, without my change of clothes. Soooooooooo lesson learnt

*010*2016-07-21 11:23

{{20 hours ago, gobphus said:

You might also carry some wipes so that you can clean up a bit and not smell of urine until your next bath or shower. But never, ever give up wetting yourself – it feels too good and your stories are entertaining and hot.

}}

I do have baby wipes in my car, with my change of clothes. Maybe I should start carrying a small pack in my bag as well

*013*2016-07-22 11:17

{{20 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

This is very much the kind of situation I would get into and results in most of my incidents. You're just kind of enjoying it, and you think you have everything under control, and then suddenly at the worst possible moment, a wrench gets thrown into the works. A Diabolus Ex Machina, if you will.

If there is any sort of god above, he is an omo fan, I SWEAR.

}}

Oh I think you are right, I giggled at the thought of our superior being, being an omo fan, until I thought back about some of the times I have been caught out . It must be peevine intervention.

