Wet My Pants In London

Author: Missypee

*000*2018-06-05 14:10

After our marathon flight Matt and I were going to spend a week in London sight seeing before joining a bus tour of Europe. The first day we basically chilled, unpacked before going on a short walk to check out our surroundings. I had booked a serviced apartment, mainly for the space and being able to do our laundry before we set off on our bus trip.

Trying to pack enough night time diapers for our entire holiday was impossible, so I brought enough to do our tour. I didn't want to wet the bed in one of our hotel stays. That would be so embarrassing !!

Our second day we decided on taking a bus tour around London, the weather was perfect which made the whole thing so much more enjoyable. I really like old buildings, they have so much history and character. for me it was such an eye opener.

We finished the tour and decided to walk back to where we were staying rather than catch a cab. The day before we noticed a pub not far from our apartment, so we decided to stop for a drink before showering and going out to dinner somewhere. The locals were obviously enjoying the beautiful warm barmy weather too, because the pub was packed. the only seats we could find were out the back lounge area, so we settled down there. Matt went to get drinks for both of us, and returned with two pints !! I remarked that he was trying to get me drunk, but we were on holidays so who cares

It must have been the warm weather because I really enjoyed my pint so Matt got me another. I found myself getting a real liking to English beer, and before long I was needing the loo. I held off for as long as I could to avoid "breaking the seal"

Eventually I was forced to relieve my tortured bladder or risk peeing my pants where I sat.

I got chatting to another lady in the loos, she obviously noticed my accent and invited us both to join them outside. I really love talking to people and soon both of us were locked in conversation with our new English friends. Of course the beers kept flowing and my bladder kept filling, I had not only "broken the seal " I had smashed it into tiny pieces and flushed it down the toilet !!! After many more visits to the loo, my poor bladder was feeling the worse for wear, so when our new English friends decided to leave I was a little bit relieved because I much more beer Matt would have to carry me home !!

I didn't realise how drunk I was getting until I stood up !! I really needed a wee but seeing our apartment was just a short distance away I thought I could make it no problem.

Matt put his arm around my waist to support me as I really did have my "wobbly boots on " but I was in a real cheerful mood, it had been a great night. The people at the pub were so friendly.

I was busting, I really not a big fan of pub toilets but now I was starting to regret not using them before I started to wobble home.

I managed to make it back to our apartment ( with Matts help ) even though I was now getting more and more desperate by the second.

The door into the units had a funny key arrangement before we could enter, which Matt fumbled with trying to get it open.

I was bouncing with my legs crossed pleading for Matt to hurry and open the door, telling him " I need a wee !! Then I got that "feeling" you know the one where your bladder just gives up . No squirt, squirt flood !!

This was just one big " Hissing Whoosh !! of instant warmth around my bum. My jeans just totally flooded. Two days in England and had just pissed myself. Pee flooded down both my legs into my shoes puddled around my feet then cascaded down the steps !! OH My God !! I didn't realise my poor tortured bladder could hold so much. Matt stood open mouthed before breaking into a cheeky ( you have just pissed your pants haven't you) giggle.

Lucky my partner is so understanding !!

Finally Matt figured out the door lock, I prayed no one would come down the stairs and see me in my totally pissed pants. I half walked and half got carried to our room . Matt stripped me out of my pee soaked clothes so I could shower. We still hadn't eaten anything which was a big mistake. Matt went to see if he could find something for us to eat while I cleaned myself up.

I cant remember actually taking myself to bed, but somehow I managed to get into my shorty pjs because when Matt returned I was sleeping Very soundly.

I awoke in the morning ................ by myself, Matt was nowhere to be seen ................. then I realised why !!! Our bed was soaked !! I had wet the bed !! Lucky I had put a cheap mattress on the mattress just in case but I didn't to expect to have to use it so soon . I don't know how many times I had peed myself during the night but the wet stain was right over to Matts side. I felt so bad. I sheepishly got up and found Matt sleeping on the lounge.

So guess who was in the bad books for the morning I was thankful for the unit having a washing machine so I could wash my pissy clothes .

Of course I had to make it up to Matt that night, which was fun anyway

So I had once again lived up to my " Piss Pants " nick name.

*003*2018-06-06 07:32

{{14 hours ago, ian flemming said:

It's awesome he's so understanding .

A wet bed like that with a less understanding partner could have been simply miserable .

}}

Although he is very understanding, I still got into trouble, I usually drink wine and really look after my alcohol intake because of my tendency to wet the bed after I am drinking

