First time buying diapers: Will update later

Author: FutaFan

*000*2022-08-07 21:04

So for the longest time I've been curious about wearing diapers, I wondered how it would feel, and since I have a huge public fetish, I wondered if I could use them to wet myself in public. I was always too nervous to buy them though, but today I did! I've been holding ever since I woke up, and before I left I leaked a little in my black jeans, I felt a damp spot but it was nothing visible. I know people will mostly mind their own business unless you draw attention to yourself, but there's always lingering paranoia for anxious people. So I drove to a store out of town. It was so crowded that I got nervous again, but I pushed that back and picked out some Always Discreet underwear. I was thinking of leaking a little more in the store, but it was too crowded and my brain wouldn't let me.

Anyway, I'm going to try these out tonight in my room and see how it goes. As soon as I put them on I guess my nervousness went away and I leaked a little on accident! I'm wearing them right now and drinking some juice and water bottles. I'll post an update later.

And if anyone has any diaper suggestions for wetting in public, please let me know.

*002*2022-08-07 22:44

{{52 minutes ago, pierplanetarpi said:

Congratulations! I will suggest that you comfortable with these in private before trying a big release in public though! Always Discreet underwear doesn't have the best capacity, so if you hold and flood there's a good chance of it not holding everything. Small uses, yes. Full bladder held a couple hours? Not likely.

}}

Thanks for commenting! Is there a particular kind you suggest then?

