Soaking Myself At the Car Wash

Author: Ripandbustys

*000*2022-06-07 02:55

Finally the first signs of summer were starting to appear. Longer days, sunny weather and weekends that made you want to spend your time outside.

Busty had been buried all winter. With work and with school, so when a free weekend finally popped up in her calendar she knew she wanted to spend it outside. With a plan to meet a bunch of her friends by the lake for a lazy Sunday afternoon, she packed a cooler with a few cans of lite, iced-tea and made the two hour drive with the windows down and music blaring.

At the lake, Busty spent a few hours chatting, laughing and had soon made her way through the cooler’s entire contents. She had work the next day so insisted she better set off back home to get ready for another big week ahead.

She still had a solid drive ahead of her and she scanned the lake’s foreshore for signs of bathrooms. There were none. She was wearing jeans. Not the easiest piece of clothing to deal with when looking to find a discreet tree to pee behind. So she figured she’d stop in somewhere on her drive home, grab some snacks and use the restrooms.

She pulled away, and turned up the volume on her go-to country playlist. The dust from the trail coming into the lake had settled across her windscreen, so she hit the wiper wash only to learn that it had run dry. These kinds of things annoyed her, she wasn’t the type to be able to just stare through a dusty windscreen for two hours, so she kept her eyes peeled for a rest stop with water or a car wash.

Half an hour passed and she’d driven past maybe a dozen diners but opted to hold a little longer until she could find a gas station. By now she was really feeling the pressure in her bladder and she bounced her legs as she drove with one hand firmly placed against her crotch, her lean legs squeezed tightly around it.

She used the music to distract her and, in her seat, she swayed to the music in a rhythmic pee dance.

Finally a sign appeared ahead, “Car Wash 1 mile.”

Busty felt relieved, she knew she could make it a mile and soon she was exiting the highway.

As she pulled into the building, she scanned its exterior. It was a do-it-yourself deal, three car bays and coin slots to pick your car-washing potion with a soap brush and high pressure hose. She pulled into the first wash bay and jumped out of the car.

The air was warm. She’d regretted wearing jeans that day because of the heat. With the windows down as she drove, it wasn’t too bothersome but with heat bouncing off the concrete of the carwash she instantly felt hot again. As she got out of the car her desperation intensified. Busty slammed the door trying not to run, but casually power-walk towards the service office and bathrooms. The other two wash bays were empty so she picked it up to a jog.

“FUCK. NO!” She yelled aloud as she came to the office only to find a “CLOSED” sign across the window with “Service hours 8am-3pm” scrawled underneath it. It was 4pm at this point and she knocked praying someone might still be inside to give her the bathroom key.

No luck. Busty let out an angry groan and walked quickly back to her car.

She was about to jump back in and speed back toward the highway to find a bathroom but considered having to make a second stop to wash the car. She had so much to do that night at home to get ready for the week ahead and having to stop again was just going to stress her out so she figured she’d race through the wash quickly, and get back on the road to find a bathroom. What was another five minutes of holding afterall?

Fumbling with the machine, Busty slipped in her coins while bouncing from one side to another desperately as she selected the washing brush on the machine’s dial.

As soon as the water soap started pouring from the brush and splattering on the ground Busty groaned and whispered “fuck me,” undear her breath. She tried to concentrate on the car. She brushed on the soap quickly, but thoroughly. Water ran down the brush wand and over her hands contributing even more to her desperation. She began scanning for cars again just in case and wondered if she was going to make it to a restroom.

She contemplated pulling her jeans and panties down and squatting behind the car so she scanned the wash bays again. “Fuck,” she muttered as she saw the CCTV trained in every direction. The last thing she wanted was to become a viral YouTube video popping a squat behind her car…

She got back to the task slopping water and soap onto every inch of the car. Despite her predicament, the water felt nice against her skin, not too cold and cooling from the day’s heat. She leant across the car’s roof to ensure the far side was clean and as she leant against the metal, she felt the cool wetness dampen her white starry shirt. It felt nice.

She leant in again repeating the process, some droplets seeping again through her shirt and bra. She peered down and noticed her jeans had also leant against the car and now showed small damp darkened patches in the denim. Unconsciously Busty smiled a little and although she was on the verge of bursting, still found that moment to enjoy the coolness of the damp fabric against her skin.

An intense wave of desperation hit her and she continued to brush down the doors, she looked back down at the damp spots on her jeans and chorted a little laugh at the irony that here she was on the verge of pissing her pants, trying desperately to hold on yet the dampness of the car had left a pattern that at first glance, made it look like she’d already peed a little. As she laughed she jolted one hand between her legs as the first dribbles of piss tried to escape. “Fuck,” she yelled as she got back to washing. She was almost certain some pee had escaped and could feel a slight dampness in her panties.

Instinctively she checked her jeans to see if there was anything noticeable. She could see a new small wet spot on the denim but it blended in with those created by the wet car. She told herself that someone coming out of a carwash with a few wet spots on their clothes would hardly stand out.

With the car now soaped up, Busty changed the dial over to the high-pressure wash. Grabbing the wand and pulling the trigger, a powerful stream of water blasted from its nozzle. Busty gasped as its force pushed her back a little and she regained her footing while throwing her free hand firmly back between her thighs.

Busty went about washing down the car, the mist of the hose swirling around the bay sending a small shiver down her body and a wave of goosebumps curling across her skin. She bit down on her bottom lip as her nipples tightened beneath her shirt. “This actually feels nice,” she thought to herself as she proceeded to blast the soap from the car.

Her clothes became damper as she washed the car down, the misty air soaked up by the light fabric of her shirt. She revelled in it as she bounced up and down in an attempt to hold her bladder.

There was a slight gust of wind and with it, another cool misting fell over Busty. With the wind it felt a little cooler, perhaps even a little cold and instantly she felt another shiver followed by goosebumps and hardening of her nipples. It also sent intense pressure into her bladder which was just screaming at her to release. She shot her hand back between her legs, the fabric warm at her crotch. She scanned once more and a calmness came over her.

She stopped bouncing and pulled her hand from her crotch. She felt the warmth return to her skin and her face flush a little. “There’s no one here and I’m already wet,” she pondered.

As she concentrated and pondered she unconsciously relaxed – just a touch and as she did, a dribble escaped into her panties. Enough to feel the wetness slowly soak across the fabric against her pussy.

She gasped and snapped back to consciousness, but with the cool mist blowing around her and a cool dampness of fabric against her skin she realized this feeling wasn’t a bad one. Wet and warm between her thighs, wet and cool everywhere else. She let a little more go– on purpose this time and with the fabric of her panties already wet, the dribble ran straight into her jeans. “Yes,” she thought. “That felt nice.” And she stopped spraying down the car for a moment to contemplate what to do next. She still had an hour’s drive ahead of her, but, well… she wouldn’t have to stop. She knew she had a blanket in the back she’d back for the lake, she could always sit on that.

She stopped and realized what she was considering, “seriously Busty… you’re not going to pee your pants,” she let out a little laugh, pulled the trigger on the hose again and another blast of mist curled into the wind and back toward her.

The coolness prickled her skin once again as she shivered and smiled and pulled her hand from her crotch. She relaxed just slightly and her eyes closed right as a small stream poured into her panties. She gasped, it was more than a dribble, she realized she may have invited it to happen and she watched a wet spot grow on the front of her jeans.

She let another go thinking maybe it would curb the pressure until she got home. But she wasn’t expecting it to feel nice. With each release, Busty just wanted to release more and then more pulsing small streams into her jeans, and then finally she just didn’t bother cutting the stream off at all relaxing completely into the warm wetness that was now spreading across her panties and front of her jeans, the torrent running across her ass and trickling down the inside of her thighs until they escaped the ankle of her jeans and onto her flip flops.

Busty sighed and relaxed as she peed for what felt like minutes into her jeans as the goosebumps returned and nipples hardened with them. As she finished, she felt a sudden pang of embarrassment. Had someone seen? Could the CCTV make out that much detail? Surely not through the spray of the hose? She looked down at the distinct wet pattern of her jeans. “Yep, you look like you just pissed yourself,” she said to herself. Instinctively she thought of the hose and began to even out the wetness on her jeans eventually soaking them completely.

That felt nice too. The cool wetness meeting the warm and she suddenly felt an intense tingle in her crotch. She felt desperate now to rub herself through the wetness, but was acutely aware of traffic and cameras so she refrained.

She got back in the car, sopping wet and tingling all over. She took a deep breath and started the car back up. As she inched out of the drive, her hand unbuttoned her jeans allowing it beneath the wetness of the fabric for the hour drive home.'



$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/10918-soaking-myself-at-the-car-wash/?do=embed"

$$

$$

$$

