Wetting gradually while shopping

Author: thereaverofdarkness

*000*2018-06-14 07:37

This one happened 12 years ago, I was in the Marines and deployed on an aircraft carrier. We had taken port in the United Arab Emirates. We had a lot of restrictions on taking liberty out in town but there was a little area made specially for us which we could visit any time we were off duty. It had two pavilions with lots of seating, and the border was entirely shops set up by residents looking to cash in on bored military people with money. The local currency was the Dirham, which was roughly 25 cents and it even came in coins that looked almost like US quarters. These vendors accepted US currency and would give us change in the form of Dirham coins. They accepted Dirhams and quarters as basically equal for brevity.

This place was pretty much permanently filled with Marines during our stay, and there would be several groups at any given point of time hanging out together. One group was making bloody marys and one of the guys in the group was sharing his enormous water-based tobacco bong. I hung out with them for a bit and they shared with me. The bong was neat, I could smoke without it hurting my lungs. It was kind of like vaping – something I would discover when e-cigs became a thing. The bloody mary was rough and boy did it get me started on the night. I got a couple of beers to keep the buzz going, and I sat by myself for a while, just enjoying the scenery, the open air, and being allowed to be drunk. That was a major privilege while deployed on a ship.

I soon reached the point where I was making back and forth trips to the head (that's what we Marines call a restroom), because my bladder kept filling so rapidly. I would try to wait as long as possible for two reasons:

1.) In my pride, I didn't want to be seen going back and forth to the head.

2.) It was more fun to sit and hold it than to waste time walking back and forth.

The toilets in this facility were very strange. They had a fusion of Arab culture and western influence going on. The inside of the room was covered in clean ceramic tiles, polished up to look nice. There were urinals, but shaped differently from those we have in the USA. Most strange was the toilets: they were a hole in the floor with raised ceramic tiling around the edge. The way you used them was to hover over the hole and poop. Then you use the toilet paper to clean up, and otherwise it was like our facilities. I think it's kind of silly but I liked it for a change of pace.

The interesting thing about getting drunk is that you start to have to pee more often, but in your drunken state you don't mind holding as much, meanwhile you're prone to underestimating your need to go, and you're less afraid of having an accident. These all come together to spell danger if you're not careful. I guess I wasn't really being careful. I went through multiple shops at one point, I discovered a bunch of them were selling these lovely shirts with bright designs on them, and they were cheap! I love shirts like that – some people call them Hawaiian Shirts, but they're not particularly a Hawaiian thing. 

Anyway, I was hunting through finding these shirts, checking for good fits with good prices, and gradually gathering up a bit of a collection in my hands. I started to get desperate but I was almost finished going through the shop's selection so I wanted to finish. I probably misjudged myself a bit. When I was almost done, a spasm from my bladder caused a small spurt of pee to leak into my pants. But, I told myself, it wasn't so bad, I just needed to be on my guard and hold better next spasm. I was almost done when the next spasm hit, this time I tried my best to hold it back but still a spurt came out.

I started to realize maybe I should hurry up and finish, so I rushed through the last few items and headed over to the checkout counter with all these shirts in hand. There was only one person ahead of me so I figured I should be on out of here in no time. I didn't want to show any signs of desperation, so I stood stoic and normal, and the act of being still caused me to leak a bit more. I tried to shift my weight around a bit without looking like anything was amiss. The small movement helped, but it just wasn't enough. The cashier said to hold on a moment because he had to go into the back for something. 

He went back and took quite a bit of time back there. I started to get worried I might have to leave here and put all these shirts down before I had an accident in the shop. Every once in a while a bladder spasm would cause another spurt of pee to come out, and I was helpless to stop them. They were getting more frequent and stronger. I was still trying to act cool, but inside I was frantically searching for an exit strategy. I kept hesitating, thinking maybe he'll come back soon, planning my escape if I needed to make a sudden retreat.

A sudden big spurt came and I was right about to set the shirts down and get out, when the cashier came back. Suddenly I didn't want to run out because people would see me, and they'd know that I was almost to the front of the line and that I couldn't wait for 2 more minutes. I didn't want to be that guy. At this point I was thankful for the shirts because I had a fairly large wet spot on the front of my pants which I was hiding without too much difficulty. Fortunately the fabric of my pants was a color that didn't change much when wet, so while I had to hide the front, I wasn't too worried about the back. Any wet spot there would probably just blend in with the shadows.

I thought they were almost done. Every moment I stood there, I thought I was going to get my turn any second. What was taking so long, anyway? I didn't know. Every spurt made me consider abandoning it all and fleeing, but I kept hesitating, telling myself I'd be up there eventually. Finally the guy ahead of me walked out and it was my turn. I put my shirts up onto the register counter and stood close to the counter so as to hide my giant wet patch. I was verging on loss of control here, but I remained calm and paid for the shirts. There was a sudden big spurt which really frightened me, I'd just let quite a bit out. If I peed much more I was likely to start dripping. The cashier finished ringing them up and I was on my way.

I was still trying to act cool, so I walked out at a leisurely pace. The head was at the opposite end of the shops but I wasn't worried. Now that I was finally able to start walking, it was so much easier to hold on. I meandered toward the head, taking an indirect path so as to disguise my destination. There was a thing I could hang my shirts on outside the door so I didn't have to carry them in with me. I was just walking up to it when I had a big bladder spasm, and I started peeing uncontrollably for a few seconds. I quickly hung up the shirts and fastwalked inside. Thank goodness it was empty! I was worried someone would be standing there and see me in pee pants. Then again, the lights were dim in there and they likely wouldn't have noticed anyway.

I rushed over to the urinal and started quickly undoing my pants button, but the proximity to the urinal was making me pee into my pants. I stopped after a moment, and then just held still, relishing the moment. My pants were getting soaked, there was a wet stain running down both legs, and I was beginning to drip. I stood there, still, to see how long I could continue to hold on. A few uncontrollable spurts later and I finally undid my zipper and let loose the torrent into the urinal. It came out so forcefully it was spraying back at me like being in a sprinkler, and creating a mist in the air around me. I quickly tried to control the stream, but not before making my shirt damp. After peeing, I was so turned on I masturbated right there into the urinal. Then I examined the damage and dreaded the walk back to change.

I strategized that if I held my shirts in front of me and walked fast enough, I could carefully choose my path so as to only be approaching people who were facing me, and prevent anyone from seeing my soaked backside. It was more difficult in practice. I took up the shirts and hastily crossed the open area toward the ramp onto the ship. I made it out of there just fine, but most of my trip was still ahead of me. I figured I'd probably be fine, as the ship's halls had fewer people during liberty. It's a pretty big ship though, an aircraft carrier. 

By quick Google math, I find that the ship is 16% of a mile in length. I had to go about half that length, but the path included some extra legwork because I had to traverse different levels. All in all the trip was probably about 150 meters. There were several times I had to pass a group of people. I just tried to act casual and hope they didn't notice anything. It was like running the gauntlet, there was no chance to rest. As soon as I got past one group, another came in sight. I was constantly trying to find the best path, and often walking into vulnerable positions. You never realize how visible you are until you're walking through an aircraft carrier with piss-filled pants.

I finally made it to the berthing area without being stopped by anyone, and without anyone calling me out. I hoped nobody had seen what happened, but I can never be truly certain. Finally I was able to change in peace, put my shirts away, and resume my drunken liberty. By the time I got back out there I already had to pee again. So basically to recap what had happened thus far is that I had to pee, I went pee, I put my stuff down, and it was time to pee again. That's what life is like after you get the alcohol into your system. But I wasn't about to let a little bit of urgency ruin my ever-shortening liberty time. Besides, I'd just worn out my sphincter, it was going to be super weak. I had to have a little fun here. So I walked out there and sat down at a table to hang out by myself.

