Bursting on the bus

Author: Ally98

*000*2016-09-17 12:21

I had an absolutely painful experience today. I was forced to hold my pee in for a full hour due to traffic. Alright I'll admit it was my fault for not emptying my bladder before going on the bus. The weather was really hot and I had chugged down a full bottle of water. I was waiting for the bus and by then, I was already having a slight urge to pee. But I didn't want to leave my place in the line, and I figured I'd make it home soon enough. The double decker bus came on time and I went on the upper floor. I was confident I'd hold my pee in before I got home. But that was before I realised how bad the traffic was.

It didn't take me long to find out. Soon the bus was jammed in the middle of the road, and my bladder was filling fast. I was squeezing my legs together and trying to make as little movement as possible. There weren't much people on the bus, but there was a dude sitting in the opposite aisle, so I didn't want to draw attention to myself (actually we were the only ones of the upper floor). I was rubbing my legs together up and down quietly, and funnily enough, that worked for a while. The bus was still inching forward through the congested traffic, and to me it was slow, deliberate torture. I kept looking at my watch and I noticed we hadn't moved for 5 minutes. 

I almost cried because I was feeling really desperate by then. I tried pressing my palm onto my vagina to at least ease the pressure, but it was too awkward a gesture to do, and I was really afraid someone might notice. I ran over several plans in my mind, each more improbable than the next. I thought of lifting my skirt a little and peeing secretly onto the floor, or maybe on the seat then moving to the one next to me. It was crazy to really do so of course, but the more I thought the more I felt like bursting to pee. I knew I had to hold myself if I were to hold it in, but I didn't want to do it with that guy sitting across the aisle. I longed to move to the back seats, but it was just too awkward to suddenly get up and move to the back - it might even show that I was hiding something.

While I was struggling for resolution as to what to do, the bus had already moved a little, and we were halfway to the juncture where it would finally be free of the traffic. I was doubtful whether I could hold it for that long. By now I had already twisted my legs into a knot and was shaking them quietly. A dumb plan (now that I think of it) came to my mind, and I pulled out a piece of tissue, folded it into a square, and making as little movement as possible, slipped my hand beneath my skirt and inside my panties. 

When my hand was inside, I gave my vagina a push, and my body shuddered from the relief. But I knew I couldn't keep my hand there for long. I slipped the tissue in my panties and pulled my hand out. I planned to relieve a little bit of the pressure by peeing a little, and hopefully the tissue can let me pee a bit more by soaking some of it up. I tried to control my muscles to release some of the pee, but I found myself unable to let some pee out without emptying the rest of my bladder at the same time.

I struggled for a minute or so, my knees grew weak as jelly, and still I hadn't peed a single drop, but only felt like peeing more. The bus was still taking its time to move, and it was time for desperate action. I got out of my seat, went down the stairs to the bottom level, and asked the driver whether he could let me off the bus early. We were in the middle of the road, but anything was better than peeing myself. I kept my voice as low as possible, in case people overheard and discovered me as the girl who was dying to pee. The bus driver replied with an emphatic no, as we were in the middle of the road, and the police would never let him go for letting passengers off then and there. I felt my face glow red when I said this, but I figured it was now or never

"Please, I really need to pee. Please let me off now, I don't want to pee on the bus."

The driver was very unsympathetic.

"I don't care if you need to pee. Get back to your seat or you'll be breaking the law if you get off here!" His voice was uncommonly loud.

I felt my face go red more than ever. Not only had my plan failed, but the driver had announced to everyone my predicament. Now that I think of it, I can't imagine how I survived that moment of embarrassment. People were looking at me now, and I covered my face and ran to the upper level. The guy who sat opposite to me stared at me and I realised he must have heard the driver's shouting. I felt my face go red again and without thinking returned to the seat I had left. I could feel the tears swimming on my eyelids, but I fought the urge to cry. It was useless hiding now. I forced my palm onto my vagina and looked away. It was a bit easier holding my pee in now (why does holding yourself help anyway?) even though I was still bursting.

I fought my bladder, hoping the world would just leave me to it, but the guy near me came over and asked if I was ok. I think it was pretty obvious I was not ok and I, suddenly unembarrassed, told him I was about to pee myself. I couldn't read the look on his face. Might have been sympathy or confusion. I looked down and avoided his eyes as he stared at me, he was trying to say something. At last he spoke,

"Just hang on, I know there's a bathroom nearby in the coming stop. I can take you there after we get through the traffic" (he said a few extra 'it's ok' and 'don't worry' but that's the main idea of what he said)

I couldn't tell whether I felt grateful or what. Sure I was glad to hear I could pee soon, but I didn't want him following me, not when I was handicapped by my screaming bladder. I gave him a nod though. By then the bus had finally ploughed through the traffic and was speeding to the next stop. By now I was holding myself with both hands under my skirt. It was an awkward position to be in, and I was starting to feel a bit limp from holding my pee for so long.

The bus made it to the next stop. People on the bus clearly remembered me as they were staring when I got off. I had to walk with my waist bent, and thank god I had long hair as it covered most of my face when I was bent down. I was feeling so shy I didn't want them to see my face. I followed that guy and sure enough there were toilets. Now here's the worst part. The toilets weren't for everyone and there was a withered old guy in a booth asking for money before I could get in. I stumbled to the girls bathroom only to find out I couldn't get in. I was so close to the bathroom I could feel my pee coming out. I was dancing on spot while I looked for money, but all I had was big notes that I was reluctant to waste (the stupid old man said no change would be provided). 

I begged him to let me pee inside and told him how I've been holding it for almost an hour. He wouldn't budge and even laughed. The guy from the bus stepped in and paid the money, but the old guy said I could only use the boys bathroom since I wasn't the one who paid. There was unspeakable cruelty in his eyes and I can't forgive him for this. But I was desperate and agreed, and he led us to the boys bathroom. When we got to the door, I made a run for it and slipped. Pee started gushing out. I pressed with both hands and managed to stop the flow for a moment. I stepped into the bathroom finally. I found a cubicle and the loo was filthy beyond compare. There was no way I was peeing in there. I stood there and pee gushed out again. It was too much. I didn't even bother to take off my panties. It took me a long time to finish. I didn't know whether to cry or shout when I was done.

I had made a huge mess obviously. The guy from the bus was still there. He said he'd clean me up and started wiping me dry. My skirt had patches and my panties were soaking. He was a bit inappropriate with me when he cleaned me up but I don't want to talk about that too much.

That's how my predicament ended. I peed myself despite all my efforts. We went to the bus stop again and the guy introduced himself as Michael. He asked me how I ended up needing to pee so bad, and I told him I was lazy. He even asked me in what situations do I hold me pee most often, and I told him it was during exams. He said girls shouldn't strain their bladders too much. I won't deny its a secret fetish of mine (seeing as I'm posting on this site) but this time I wasn't holding it in on purpose. I was actually annoyed with his curiosity and asked him why he was so inquisitive. He said 'just asking' and left me in peace.

*003*2016-09-29 15:50

{{On 9/28/2016 at 3:45 PM, dampknickers said:

My guess would be that Michael has a thing for pants wetting accidents !

}}

Yea I guess so :')

{{On 9/28/2016 at 5:21 PM, mikev said:

It is strange how holding your pee for pleasure when you are somewhere where you can pee any time turns into a nightmare when you are in a public place with nowhere to go. I know; as we say; been there , done that, got the t-shirt.

}}

Totally. Glad you understand. I was so scared I would pee myself in the bus.

