Peeing down a drain on campus!

Author: Rileyy

*000*2018-02-01 16:06

I havent posted in a while but today I decided to break that trend. This happened to me recently on campus and I tried to put everything into words. Hope you enjoy!

So at my school they have this section that has single person bathrooms with locks. After class like always I really had to pee so I decided to have some fun with it. I filled up my water bottle and started chugging away at water while walking around campus. I could feel every drop going fight into my bladder but I wanted to get really desperate.

I decided I had enough when I took a drink and felt a little pee dribble out and into my panties. So i walked over to the bathroom not really knowing what I wanted to do. On the way I kept leaking little bits out and by the time I got to the bathroom there was a small wet spot in my pants. I got in and locked the door. On the right side of the room was a toilet and on the opposite was a sink like any bathroom but on the floor was a drain as well. I began to form my plan.

I put all my stuff down in the corner and felt a spurt shoot out of me. I grabbed my crotch and tried to hold it. I stood up and felt Nother little leak come out. I stripped off my pants leaking little dribbles as i did and than took off my panties. I was standing naked from the waist down in the bathroom.

I felt another leak find its way out and this time heard the pattering of a spurt hitting the floor. It was actually really fun to watch the pee leak out without anything on so I decided to hold it a little longer. I had my hand gripping my slit and was holding on when i felt a large leak come out a felt my hand grow wet and then the pattering of liquid on the floor as the pee fell. It was now or never I was about to pee myself.

I slowly sauatted over the drain peeing dribbles as I went. Once i was over I let a little out and watched it go right theough the drain. At this point my body just let go and there was a torrent of liquid coming from my slit. The hissing sound was sooo loud and the relief felt amazing! My stream slowly thinned into drops and i just stayed there for a second feeling down there and enjoying the moment before I heard a knocking at the door meaning someone else had just come over to use the toilet. I made sure you couldnt tell what I had done and quickly evacuated the scene.

*003*2018-02-01 22:05

{{4 hours ago, Arpan said:

Too sexy....

}}

{{5 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Great job! Very naughty peeing

Thanks for sharing

}}

Thank you!

*004*2018-02-02 21:26

{{11 hours ago, Despholder said:

Hot sexy kinky. Please keep on breaking the old trend and share more of your adventures :-)

}}

Thanks :)

*006*2018-02-04 16:13

{{On 2/2/2018 at 5:16 PM, Bull said:

Nice very good description of your naughty adventure ? Keep it up there is soo much fun to be had and I can’t wait to here more of your adventures soon?

}}

Thanks :)

