Holding challenge and cushion wetting

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-03-23 01:03

I decided to try out some holding challenge. It was 21.25 at the time and I already had tiny tiny need to pee. First challenge was to drink two full glasses of water and that was what I did.

21.36 I finished one glass again. I needed to pee but was far from desperate.

21.38 My challenge was to spread my legs for one minute. It wasn't hard at all and I was still far from desperate. I was hoping this challenge to get more intense, I wanted to be desperate.

After that my challenge was to do 20 sit-ups. At here I took little cheating because I'm not able to do that many. I did as many as I could. Count was 7.

21.42 I had to drink a glass of water again. I needed to pee little more than before but I still wasn't desperate at all.

21.44 I had to press 30 sec my bladder firmly. Now I really wanted to pee. Needless to say, not in the toilet, but let the warm stream spread between my legs. I held it tho as that was the challenge.

Then I was informed to do 20 jumping stacks. I still was holding it. I pressed the wrong answer and got punished with one full glass of water. I didn't drink it since I was only pressing wrong button, not actually leaking.

22.09 I was still holding it proudly. I started to be little desperate but didn't want to give up so easily, since I wasn't even close to actually make any kind of accident. But the thought of it made me so hot and thinking about it made me almost lose it.

22.12 I had to do 20 jumping stacks again. I almost leaked but didn't I was still holding and waiting the challenge to get harder.

22.15 I was still just holding it but I was getting really horny. I just wanted to fail already and just wet myself but that wasn't the case.

22.20 I got bored to the challenge and gave it up. I wanted to do something special instead of just wetting myself at the place so I took one cushion I was about to throw away anyway. I set the cushion between my legs and it made me even more horny. That felt actually kinda good in there. I rubbed myself against the cushion and forgot the peeing for a while. I was desperate but also horny and combination of these two makes me climax easily. I didn't go that far tho cause I wanted to pee in that cushion and peegasms are hard for me. So, after a while I was sitting still and slowly relaxing my bladder. Enjoyable puddle was growing on top of the cushion and between my legs since the cushion wasn't absorbing all the pee in itself right away. I watched how the cushion slowly soaked in my pee and felt amazing. I hadn't done anything like this before and it was awesome. My crotch was warm and wet and I wanted to sit still a while even I already finished. It felt so good!

$

*008*2016-04-11 18:15

{{ 

The problem with something like wetting into a cushion is that it doesn't seem like you could do it too often without ruining things. Other than that, yeah, it does sound like fun.

}}

{{ 

I think it adds to the naughtiness of it, but yeah you'd have to wait for opportunities where you were getting rid of something anyway

}}

Yeah, I'm kinda lucky that I have atm lot of things I'm going to throw away anyway. No way I would ruin things I don't want to get rid of. I might be naughty, but not that naughty, haha.

{{ 

That sounds super fun! I need to remember to pee on unwanted furniture and items before just boringly throwing them away :P

}}

You totally should! It was a sudden idea that just popped out of nowhere but it was really fun.

