Peeing off the back stairs

Author: Averylynn

*000*2020-08-14 23:24

Do y'all ever get like super into this kinda thing after not thinking about it for a while? I tend to get a lot more into pee stuff in summer because dresses and short shorts make it easy to get away with pissing yourself. We've had a temporary roommate for the last month though so it's been a bit hard to actually follow through with my fantasies lately.

There's one I had been thinking about for almost a year at this point, and finally got up the nerve to do it. My house is right beind a gas station, and directly beside our place is a mechanic. My backyard has very little privacy. But I'm also a huge exhabitionist, and know that at night no one would actually notice me.

I've been thinking about things like having my bf piss himself on me in the backyard, sitting on the shitty platic chairs and having an "accident," going out to (legally) toke while I really have to pee, and seeing if i'd piss myself from coughing (that I've actually done now though) and lastly sitting on the back steps and peeing down the concrete restraining wall.

I cant even explain how much I wanted to do that. I really like the concept of just casually peeing places youre not supposed to (of course not where it'll effect others) and I just couldnt stop fantasizing about it. A couple days ago I finally went through with it.

Since y'all like descriptions, I'm 23, I have straight red hair that goes past my breats and its somewhere in between a cherry red and burgendy? (Idk i need to redye it) I'm 5'3" 110 pounds, and have a 34 D chest, i dont know my hip size but they're big enough that I only look like a size 3 when I'm not wearing clothes.

That day I had my hair up in space buns, and put a bunch of gold glitter in it (it makes me feel happy dont judge lmaoo) and was wearing very light blue/ almost white high waisted shorts. This specific pair has like 6 buttons and no zipper (thats important later) and a slim fitting, low cut, bright pink with white polka dotted tank top/technically a dress. And of course, barbie pink lipstick and eyeshadow. Once a random drunk girl at my friends apartment complex told me that outfit combo makes me look like "a sexy mini mouse" (as a compliment!) so like I PROMISE it looks a lot better than it sounds.

ANYWAYS! It was probably around 12:30 am I hadnt peed since probably around 8:30. I was feeling the need to go, but I was also pretty tired, I was gonna have a couple of tokes and then pee before I went to bed. Temp roommate and I were talking, toking, hanging on the back stairs. I tried some of her mixed drink concoction, and suddenly it was 20 mins later and I was definitely a bit buzzed. (granted my pills make it so I get drunk after a cooler)

Since my friends been staying here I've been kinda sexually frusterated. Our walls are thin and both me and my toys are a bit... loud and my cats inability to understand why doors are closed in the house has made it pretty difficult for my bf and I to have sex. (But i mean, you try getting off when a full grown cat screams like a kitten and wont stop scratching the door.... its a bit of a mood killer)

So I was semi drunk and insanely horny. I had to like pay a lot of attention to my hands so I didnt accidentally start touching myself in front of my friend, who handles her alchohol a lot better than me. But then she said "hey I'm going to go to the 7-11 down the street, do you wanna come?"

When I said no i wasnt thinking about how much I had to pee, or how turned on I was, tbh it was entirely me being like "I dont wanna walk that far this late I wanna finish my tokes and go to bed" But when she left, I noticed I had pushed my shorts over to play with my clit, and how hard my buttons were pressing into my bladder (tbh one of the best things about high waisted shorts)

There wasnt anyone near by, my bong blocked my hand so it didnt look like I was touching myself. And wouldnt it just be so easy to move over a foot so my legs were hanging off the side, and slowly let go as I touch myself?

The 7-11 was at least 10 mins away, so I had at least 20 mins. My bf was inside and if he did come outside during that he'd probably be into it. It rained earlier so everything was already soaked, and I HAD been sitting on the wet may anyways. It just felt like such a perfect set up. Maybe the liquid courage was blocking my rational thought, maybe it wasnt as discreet as I thought. But y'know what? Since covid I've seen SO MANY people peeing behind the gas station. And like those were ruring the day anyways! It was almost 1am I should just do it.

So thats what I did. I slowly pulled myself over to the ledge trying to act casual about it. I tried to pull my shorts aside as best as I could. Failed miserably at it, instead decided to cross my legs and pull my shorts aside at least enough I could still play with my clit, and started trying to let go.

I leaked a little bit but immediately stopped myself. It felt very... planned... and not what I had wanted. So I took a couple tokes, pulled out my phone and reading stories on here. Pretty quickly into reading experiences I was getting really excited by what I was planning. I also realized my friend had left 7 minutes ago and my time was running out.

So I started trying to let go again. It took maybe 30 seconds to let the first leak out, and that was hardly anything. As soon as I heard the sound of the pee hitting the ground below I instinctively stopped. I was getting so turned on though and the feeling of the buttons pressing in was hurting me. I let go again and this time it didnt stop.

The feeling of the entire thing was so intense, the cold wind on my pussy, the exhilaration of actually doing what I had been thinking about for almost a year, the knowledge that my friend may come back and catch my in the act. I'm not sure if I stopped peeing or came first.

Of course, I had failed a lot more than i thought at keeping my shorts dry. The entire right side was soaked, and there was a small puddle slowly dripping through the slats from where I had been sitting. Although tbh that shouldnt have been a surprise given that i hadnt even positioned myself over the ledge like I realized after I should have.

I quickly rinsed the steps off with the hose a bit, and went inside. Taking off my wet clothes and throwing them in the washing machine on my way in and switching into a onesie.

My friend got back 5 minutes later. She didnt notice, my boyfriend didnt notice. Safe to say I got away with it this time.

