Desperate to pee at work

Author: Desptowee

*000*2021-10-22 17:52

Okay, so this story happened quite a few years ago when I was still living in the US (I'm from the UK and have since moved back to the UK).

I worked in a small, but busy cafe near my house during school breaks. On this day in particular, I was doing a "full shift" (8 hours). Everything was going as normal, busy, but we were managing.

I had started needing the toilet pretty early on in my shift, but I knew I could hold on until my break no problem.

By the time I was about to have my break, I was desperate. I had been drinking a lot because I'd been running around taking/fulfilling orders. I definitely needed to go and was looking forward to a bit of relief from both my bladder and the craziness of work.

I was about to go on my break, when the manager said that the guy who was meant to be coming in had phoned in sick, so I was going to have to wait for my break to help cover the lunch rush. I was a bit worried because the thought of being able to use the toilet has made me more desperate, but I just took a deep breath and carried on working.

I got put on the till, taking people's orders and their payment, but I was also helping make the drinks. The sounds of liquid and the coldness from the Iced drinks was making me more and more desperate and all I could think about was finally getting relief.

When I was stood still, I had my legs crossed so tightly and occasionally had to dance a little bit on the spot.

I asked one of my Co workers if they would mind if I went and peed real quick. I didn't mention how badly I had to go, but I wish I had because they said they needed me. I had to go so so badly, I was doubting my ability to hold it.

Between customers, I would lean against the counter in attempts to hide the fact I was on the verge of wetting myself, it didn't help a whole lot, but I had to do what I could.

The rush continued and it was now almost an hour since I should have gone on my break and the queue showed no sign of letting up. I could feel my muscles getting weaker and weaker and I knew I couldn't hold on much longer.

I was serving a customer when I let out a leak, I squeezed my legs together and then danced on the spot to stop it coming. I got asked if I was okay and responded "it's been so busy, I just need my break" because I was too embarrassed to fully admit I really needed to pee. This particular customer wanted some tap water too, and as I was getting it for them, I felt more come out. I really had to get to the toilet and fast!

I asked the same coworker again if I could please go as I hadn't been since I woke up and I was absolutely on the verge of an accident. They said okay and I think my bladder got excited because I let more out.

When I got to the toilet, in true omo style, there was someone in there. I started to panic, I was about to wet myself, I couldn't hold it much longer. I stood outside and held myself whilst pee dancing on the spot.

Hearing the toilet flush made me leak some more and I knew I was about to lose control. My manager walked out, I tried to act as everything was okay, but as soon as she came out I rushed in and slammed the door shut. I was bouncing up and down as I tried to undo my jeans, trying my hardest not to start peeing. As soon as I pulled them down, I started to leak and I couldn't stop it. I pulled my underwear down as quick as I could and threw myself onto the toilet. I must've peed for around a minute.

