College party pee (male)-locked bathroom

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2020-03-28 05:39

In my junior year of college I finally became more social and started going to parties a lot.

I pre-gamed at my friend's house, where we played drinking games. I kept losing and had to chug a few beers.

I was moderately drunk when we headed over to the actual party. In retrospect, I feel quite sorry for home owners near a college campus, as drunk college kids make a lot of noise. But I'm getting off track...

When we got to the party, there was bad music playing, and a lot of people crammed into the living room, dancing. I made my way out to the back, where there were fewer people.

I saw a keg and joined the people drinking there. It was a nice time. Just having beers and laughing.

Suddenly, I realized that i needed to pee very badly. Since I was quite drunk, I probably ignored my bladder up until that point.

I hurriedly went inside and found the toilet. There was a line. I stood waiting for a few minutes, but the line wasnt moving. The person inside wasnt coming out!

I was very frustrated and needed a pee very badly.

I went out to the deck and looked for a hidden place to pee. Around the corner were some trash bins in a fenced enclosure. I decided that was as good a place as any, and hurried behind the trash bins.

As I was taking a very long urgent pee, another guy came over there and started to piss as well.

We laughed about it and went back to the party.

