"Loose End" Experiences

Author: Slater

*000*2018-10-24 14:10

A long time ago, I wrote a series of short stories in the post "Unforgettable, Wettable Sister" which included stories my sister "Lily" had told to me and a few I witnessed. But I forgot one. Also will write the last 2-3 stories from school and one other that happened (different girls) in later replies.

.

Brief overview, Lily had short hair most of the time, brown hair and eyes, and has been pretty skinny her whole life, she's a year and a half younger than me. When I was in 2nd - 3rd grade and just before 4th, we had two other girls, next door neighbors, sisters, one my age and the other 3 grades older, both who became endearing childhood friends of me and my sister, though mostly her. Sometimes we'd have sleepovers and our mothers would babysit for each other.

On this day in particular the sisters were sleeping over and due to limited room, they all slept in the same bed. Now it was unusual that Lily would get up in the middle of the night to pee, but when you're staying up late drinking soda, I guess it makes things different.

She recalled to me (I asked for a lot of details since I was into omorashi) having a dream about trying to find a toilet that wasn't broken, going to different rooms and entire buildings full of toilets in wide open areas but none would work or were private enough. Eventually, she woke up, with each friend of hers on either side.

Lily stiffened up after quickly realizing she had to pee in real life. Laying on her back, she gently slipped her right arm under the sheets to grab herself over her light pink, fleece night gown. As her desperation grew, she clamed her hand with both legs, trying to squeeze shut. Lily didn't want to get up since doing so could wake her friends.

She started trembling while trying to lie very still. She could feel her bladder lurching, ready to leak it's contents. She got tired and then, after awhile, her urge disappeared. She just stopped feeling the need to go. Triumphant, she let go and feel asleep.

Once again, she woke up awhile later, but this time, she woke up to straining pain down below. She could feel her swollen bladder fill to high capacity, bulging like a balloon ready to pop. She reached her arms under the covers and crossed her legs over both hands burying down to clutch tightly. She hoped that either the sun would come up, her friend on the edge would wake up, or she could just wait it out like earlier.

Lily fidgeted, feeling a steaming spurt lick her flowery, silken, bluish-teal panties. She began rubbing a wrist to dig in and hopefully hold it back better. Another, slightly longer leak.

She pinched her face, rubbing her legs slowly together. Then Lily felt another spasm bleed into her night gown around her wrist, she hissed a little, it sputtered and spit out a little more, and again, she kept regaining control, but it was a losing battle.

Lily finally told herself she couldn't stand it anymore and was going to try sliding down to the foot of the bed to leave. She scooted a little and stopped to see if either friend noticed. Then she felt it suddenly spear through her, spraying into her panties, soaking the bottom of her thick fleece pink night gown, and begin spreading out on the bedsheets. Her wrist and fingers uselessly kept their ground against the tide, pressing the top folded-in part of her gown into the flow to be drenched with the rest. She felt the warmth crawl up her back and spread around the back of her legs. She laid there, on her back, breathing hard and steady. After peeing seeming forever, she lifted her head to check and see if it was visible on the blanket. It didn't seem bad, if at all. She hoped that maybe she would be the only one who would feel it, and so she went back to sleep.

I remember waking up and walking by her room with her two friends and my sister there laughing while looking at the sheets, though by then thry had all taken a shower and changed. "Oh my gosh!" the girl my age exclaimed. "I can't believe you peed!"

"What happened?" I asked.

"Your sister like, totally wet the bed last night. It was like a water fountain in there!" Luckily they only did light teasing and weren't mad about it, but the other two girls did certainly notice, and both got a little wet in the process.

*004*2018-10-26 09:50

{{On 10/24/2018 at 10:25 AM, Keita123 said:

L-lewd

}}

Lewd? ???

... oh wait, isn't that some kind of sex-related term? Actually, I never understood what it meant.

