One awkward case

Author: DenSak

*000*2020-01-08 07:23

This morning I had to go to pass the exam. Well, as a genius I woke up, drank tea, coffee, along the way still a small bottle of Pepsi. It was necessary to go to a new place. They turned off the water. Because of this, the toilets were closed. Well, I didn’t know that. Came sat in place. It was a little uneasy, but the exam was on and I didn’t want to leave. Then they handed out tests. It became a little deft but endured. Three hours later, it was not possible. He began the test and left. I decided to ask where the toilet is. And here I was specifically framed. I sat cringing slightly with a full bladder. And they tell me that the toilet is not working today. I wanted to howl. However, there is no way out. On the street minus 15 degrees. And to wet his pants, though in a jacket, was no way out. Therefore, I had to take all my will into a fist and go home. 

It is about 30 minutes to walk in crowded places. And that was a real test. After 15 minutes, the movement became very difficult and breathing often lost its tension. I missed a little. I started thinking about something vulgar to make the task easier, but it didn’t really help. I was not sure that I could restrain myself. There was still about 20 minutes to go home, as I walked more slowly than usual. Passers-by began to squint at me because of a strange gait. I was then not patient and so on. I was all red with shame. After about ten minutes I was almost at the limit. Fortunately, I turned into the courtyards and it was already possible to worry less. However, I did not get dry. I missed a lot at the door when I was looking for the key to the house. And unfortunately I didn’t get to the toilet ...

