Smile and say hello

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-10-01 21:29

Since wet&swim season is soon to be over, this wednesday morning I decided it was high time for a walk I hadn´t been on since last year. From my village to the city through the woods, a walk that would end by the lake near the city centre, so I could go swimming, and change into new clothes, before taking the train home.

I was going to wear dark blue jeans and I thought that I´d wet a bit along the way and then pee the rest behind some bushes, so that i wouldn´t be too obviously wet when I reached the popular track around the lake. I didn´t really plan to do an extreme hold either, since I did that so recently. It could still be hot just pretending to have a small accident.

I felt the need to pee pretty soon on the walk. I had been drinking a litre before heading out, and I had one bottle with the same amount with me, that I started to drink from during the walk out of the village. I started following a small road, not yet needing to pee so much that I couldn´t focus on looking at the surroundings, the trees turning yellow and the smell in the air of the summer fading away. But I could feel my bladder was a little bit playful and spasmy, just like my last wet walk. It was like my subconscious knew I had plans for these pants to get wet anyway, so it started to encourage my bladder “Come on and pee! Let´s start the fun already!”. I had to stop a leak from escaping while still certain I wasn´t that desperate yet, probably just half full bladder, no way I would have a struggle to hold this amount of pee in another circumstance .

I kept walking, drank some more water, passed by a couple of big fancy mansions and farms. In the downhill between the beautiful old gardens I felt a warmth between my legs that I didn´t know if it was just arousal or something else, but shortly after I felt what couldn´t be anything but a little pee leak sipping out.

While walking on the boring straight road between the motorway and the dirty pond my mind drifted away to other horny wetting memories, and I soon realised I might had walked too far and missed the path to the right. While stopping and turning I had a stronger urge and some little pee came out again no matter how much I clenched. This started to turn me on a lot now, and after finding the right trail I decided it was time to see if S, my boyfriend, that I was going to meet later in the day, was awake.

“ Good morning. I think I´ve started some kind of foreplay, so you´ll be having some stuff to take care of when we meet” I texted.

He called me up, and I was blessed with having him on the phone with me for the rest of the walk.

He asked me if I was having a good time.

“Oh yeah, you should see my smile… but it´s wet here… On the ground I mean…” I said, with my feet slipping in the mud.

“Only on the ground?”

“ehm… not really, it´s a little bit wet someplace else too. It´s getting kind of hard to hold it”

“Ok, so that´s why you´re smiling so much?” (He knows me well by now).

I soon realised that after we started talking it was easier to hold it. Being in a social setting helps calming the bladder down. So I was pretty cool for a while, and we started talking about lots of stuff. Turned out it was only a temporary relief though. When I saw a mushroom on the side of the road and almost stopped to see what it was, the urge came back again, and I leaked. I was patting the crotch of my jeans, it felt damp but not yet wet. I was jokingly telling my boyfriend I should probably go and pee somewhere to avoid further accidents, but it´s way too hard to find a suitable place, probably impossible, I ll just have to hold it all the way. Meanwhile I was having little leaks every now and then, the wetness now soaking through the fabric of my jeans, and I told S about it.

“I hope you brought something to change into then?”, he said.

“Yes. I hope so too. This ass is at not going near a train seat”.

Since I was warm enough from the walking to only wear a t-shirt, my hoodie was already tied around my waist so I had no worries about the little wet patch on my butt if someone would see me. But the desperation level was slowly rising. Seemed like this was going to be a real hold after all. My horniness showed no mercy either, and hearing my partner starting to masturbate didn´t help. I tried touching myself slightly, but these jeans didn´t let me get a good grip, so it was no point. It still felt great just to feel the wet pants rub against my crotch with every step.

The trail passed by a few houses before heading back up into the forest, on a winding path over the hills among green moss and old firs. I stopped to drink what was left in the bottle, moaned as I got overwhelmed by another bladder spasm that made my legs shake and another little spurt go into my pants.

S wanted to know more exactly where I was, and I stumbled on the words. It took me ages to create a simple sentence. It was so hard now to concentrate on anything else than to keep walking and holding my pee. S laughed at me and my strained breathing, and it also turned him on. I heard the familiar sound of him breathing faster, getting closer to climax and finally the moaning sounds as he reached it. It threw millions of happy bubbles out in my body system. For a moment I forgot all about my desperation and just had this light horny vertigo feeling, but I was soon dropped to the ground by my bladder demanding attention. Not less aroused though.

After having walked uphill for a while the path turned along the top of the hill, and I stopped there as the next surge shot through my body. I closed my eyes, leaned back a little bit, and rode along with the desperation waves, felt the squirts of pee I couldn´t stop from slipping out reheat my underwear, and it felt unbearably fantastic. “I´m almost coming…” I sighed. Then the moment was over and I started walking, and…

“Oh shit… People!” A woman in front of me, not far away. We met on the track with a friendly hello, and when she had passed me by I looked back to try and figure out if she possibly could have seen me while standing there in my moment of horny trance. Must have looked weird. But probably she was too far away. Now I knew I had reached the part of the trail that was more popular and visited by the people from the city. It was time to contain myself. I was no longer alone in the woods. The closer I got to the city, the more frequent would the encounters be. And the stronger the spasms, trying to force the pee out of my bladder now full to it´s limit.

The spasms were already strong enough to make me shake and breath hard, and next time it happened it was no longer just a little leak escaping, it was a spurt that lasted for a couple of seconds. I could feel it pool in my underwear before being soaked up by the back of my jeans. And then again – people. A woman with a dog on the right side of the trail, and then a couple ten meters ahead of me. Calm down. Look normal. Smile and say hello. Pretend like you´re not just starting to lose control of a full bladder, and being insanely turned on about it.

I think it worked. I hope it worked. I was at least able to slow down my breathing, and my bladder behaved as I passed them by, just to strike hard again as soon as they were out of sight. I spurted in my pants once more, thinking for a second I might not be able to stop it this time, but I still was.

I now recognized the place where I´d wet myself last year, sitting on a stone a little bit off the track, enjoying the relief of letting it pour out of me and through my pants. I normally would have reached that state now when I was dying to give in and pee, already wet enough and tired of holding, but for some reason I wanted to keep on. S was still there with me on the phone, hearing my enjoyable struggle, my frustrated complains when I had to stop to look which of the trails was the right one, and the swearing when it made me pee myself a bit more every time. And then all of a sudden he heard me say a decent “hello” to another stranger who had no clue I just wet myself and had a growing dark patch on the back of my jeans, hidden under my sweater.

I was walking steep downhill for a while, and it made me leak tiny amounts with every step, and then I had to fight another urge that I of course couldn´t hold back against. This time the whole inside of my thighs got warm. There were visible streaks going halfway down to the knees in the front now, and on the back of my pants I felt wet all the way down my thighs. The uneven colour of my jeans and the shadows of the hoodie camouflaged the wetness quite well still, which was good, because I kept meeting people.

This going in and out of being extremely desperate and aroused, and then needing to pretend like nothing in front of people was so intense and hot, I just loved it! I guess that´s why I pushed myself this far and didn´t give up until I saw the lake. Now it was finally high time to end the fun. I needed to find some place to pee before I was all surrounded by houses, joggers and dog walkers.

I walked off track and behind some trees, to a place that was a bit secluded. I was still partly visible from the trail, but there was no one around right now, and I was just gonna pop a squat and pee like a normal nonperverted person anyway so I didn´t bother much.

Without hurry I took off my hoodie and my backpack, enjoying the last little loss of control as my bladder knew relief was near and a couple of long spurts went into my pants before I got them off along with the underwear. I started peeing full force on the fallen leaves. I forgot to count the seconds , but it was probably one of the longest pees I´ve had.

“That sounded like a nice pee” S said.

“You bet!” I said, now more relaxed than ever.

“I hope you pulled your pants down”

“Believe it or not, but this time I actually did”.

To share this adventure with my partner in real time had been fantastic. I love doing stuff on my own, I even think I need it, but it adds so much of intensity to have someone there, hearing your every breath, knowing the whole story.

I pulled my cold and wet pants back up, and headed down to the lake. Good thing this time of year is you´ll at least have the beaches to yourself. I had a great cold swim, rinsed my jeans, put on clean clothes and went home to meet up with my boyfriend. He did have some stuff to take care of.

In hindsight – this was a very exciting and intense experience, but not without a little taste of guilt. Everything worked out fine, I got away with it as usual, but this time…I was lucky. It´s way too easy to picture another outcome. Me standing on the track, shaking, legs almost crossed, a distressed look on my face, as I finally reach the point when I start to lose it in spurt after spurt, and there´s nothing I can do about it and no escape way, as a person approaches on the same track, just a few meters away, sees me standing there right in front of them, sees the dark patches grow down my legs and the pee drops falling down on my shoes. A hot fantasy, right? Yes, a very hot fantasy indeed. But as a real event, to me, it definitely crosses the line of ok fetishist behaviour to so directly involve someone else, even if it would have looked like an accident. I would have felt bad about it.

But it could have happened this time. I know my bladder capacity and my endurance well, and I have lots of warning leaks and spurts before it gets really bad. Now I had all of those warnings, and still wanted to just keep pushing it. Afterwards It´s like sobering up, realizing when you´re in that aroused state of mind you don´t really think of risks and consequences. It´s both fascinating and a bit scary.

So my advice to myself (not sure if all of you guys agree ) – take it a little bit easier next time.

$$

$$

$$

*010*2021-10-04 12:10

{{On 10/2/2021 at 2:22 AM, Mariner62 said:

Most people don't notice unless its really obvious, or they're looking for it. I sat on a concrete barrier in a parking lot after a concert and wet myself. Puddle and all on the ground. Don't think anyone noticed a thing.

}}

That sounds risky! Was it planned or accidental? I´ve wet sitting down around people too, several times, but only in the grass so nothing shows.

*011*2021-10-04 12:21

{{On 10/2/2021 at 12:03 PM, LizJWetting said:

Sounds like a hot experience. I've been in that position of almost losing it in public before, and after one particular experience I had to stop doing that because I knew that if I kept pushing myself, that one day I'd have a full accident in public and I definitely didn't want that to happen. It's tricky to find that balance of risky but not too much.

}}

It´s really tricky. I think you can easily become addicted to that kind of risk-taking, and then that balance is impossible to achieve because you keep thinking you could have gone a little further even when you´r at your limit. Thanks for sharing!

*012*2021-10-04 12:36

{{11 hours ago, wettingman said:

I love long detailed desperation and wetting stories you write like this. It is awesome that you could share it with your BF live. That makes any hold 10x hotter.

As far as somebody noticing it is not so bad if you don't know them.

A few months ago while walking with a senior walking group. I needed to pee, but nothing serious. There was no place to step off the trail. It was only about 20 minutes when we reached a trailhead port-a -potty . I headed there immediately. I didn't make it as urge incontinence kicked in. There was a baseball sized wet spot on the front of my jeans. It was obviously right where my penis was and I had rushed to the potty. Nobody reacted or appeared to look there. I don't know if they noticed, it to me was hard to miss. However nothing was said. So all is good.

}}

To me the concerns are not so much about being seen with wet patches. I think your´re right that most people won´t notice and if they would, they still wouldn´t think much about it. But in the scenario i described, having an obvious desperation wetting right in front of someone, would probably make them embarrassed and feeling like they needed to react in some way, and that´s something I definitely don´t want to force on someone.

Now I think that if would have lost control in that way I wouldn´t have just been standing there, I would have managed to quickly move off the track, but with bad timing it could still have been way too obvious what happened.

*013*2021-10-04 12:44

And thank you @kalle2020

, @wetskipants

, @nappypants

, @Wallywick

, and @jboarder64L

- for your nice comments. I´m so glad you enjoy my stories! Next one will be a fiction story though. Then there´s no limitations to how embarrassing it can become.

*015*2021-10-04 13:26

{{23 minutes ago, sammilove said:

Very daring! Such good details! I plan to do a very similar type of hold but intentionally not make it to the bathroom and be in a forest so there should be no witnesses.

}}

Thanks! And you should definitely do that. You don´t need witnesses to make it a exciting and intense experience, I had one the other week all alone in the woods that was also absolutely awesome.

