Accident during sex

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2022-07-28 18:02

Hey fellas, this story happened yesterday and I really want to get it down in detail because I think you'll like it.

Info: My partner Chris is a trans man, he uses he/him pronouns. I am nonbinary and I use they/them. We are both into omorashi, but I'm much more excited about it than him. For the visual people we were both naked. He is 5'6" (1.68 m), white, and hairy and I am 5'3" (1.6 m), white and curvy.

~~ Story ~~

Chris and I had sex for about an hour. I squirt and I also have some incontinence so I peed before sex, but after the hour I was starting to feel some fullness in my bladder; probably a 6 or 7. I was enjoying myself so I didn't get up yet.

Chris asked if there was anything else I wanted, and I said "I think if you had a vibrator right now I'd die." He smiled and teased back "So what I hearing is I should get the rabbit." (A vibrator that stimulates the inside of the vagina and the clit at the same time) I laughed and said "If you get that out you'll have to put a towel down."

Soon the towel was down and I was in over stimulation heaven. As I came I felt myself lose control and leak a bit, but the towel caught it. I laid back and caught my breath while Chris cleaned the toy. My bladder was at an 8, but the over stimulation made it hard to hold.

When he came back he asked how I was doing. By this point I couldn't speak, but I kissed him and opened my legs. I felt like a toy myself. He said "How about a little more" and pushed his fingers into my hole, found my bladder immediately and stroked it. The pleasure was insane. Just washes and washes of intense heat and tingling pleasure.

It was a few seconds before I realized I was gushing pee into his hand. I immediately snapped my pelvis to try and get control, but the involuntary accident was so hot that I couldn't help but grind back down. Chris looked surprised and I felt my cheeks burn with shame. I still leaked several more times as I rode his fingers, leaving a sizeable wet spot on the towel and coating his hand and arm. The only word I managed as I looked at my wet legs was "Oops."

He went to wash up, but I couldn't move. My legs were jelly and I still had a pretty full bladder. Stopping my pee had driven my urgency up to a ten and I was fighting to hold on, I knew the towel wouldn't absorb my entire bladder. Chris came back and found me laying there with my legs crossed. He sat down and placed his hand on my bladder, rubbing gently. I writhed in order to keep holding, but Chris firmly pressed me back down.

I was so nervous that he would be mad about he unplanned accident, or would be disgusted by me clearly getting off to it. In the moment, all I could think to say was "That was an accident." He nodded. "I know, isn't that what you get off to?" I wiggled with embarrassment. "I mean, yeah, but I didn't want you to think I did that on purpose without permission." He seemed a little confused. "Yeah. It happens. Incontinence happens, and it's pretty normal for sex." I crossed my legs tighter as another wave of desperation triggered leaking. "Yeah, but I'm pretty sure I'm not going to make it to bathroom." He nodded.

I expected him to offer to help me there, or encourage me, but instead he just reached down and started to play with my clit. I was still so sensitive, but so aroused by the situation. He rubbed my stomach again, getting a groan out of me. Then he went back to gently fingering me.

It was way too much. I felt my bladder just give up, and a leak stretched into a 20 second loss of control as I felt my soul leave this dimension. Chris held me gently as I came. I was shaking from exhaustion and arousal, the towel underneath me warm with urine. He asked "Do you think you can still make it to bathroom?" The shame was intense I responded. "I think I already didn't make it..." He checked and sure enough, I was laying in a large puddle. He laughed and kissed me. "It happens."

After this we showered and went to bed. I'm looking forward to more bladder play in the future, since he said he really enjoyed what we did last night. I think the fact that it was genuinely unplanned, though, has brought this night to a whole other level of kinky for me.

*002*2022-07-29 16:59

{{56 minutes ago, Renatatswet said:

Hottest story I read in quite a while...

}}

Thank you!

*005*2022-07-29 17:33

{{7 minutes ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Yup. Agreed. Crazy hot. Gawwwwd I want that.

}}

I honestly never expected to end up with anyone, I'm so lucky

*007*2022-07-29 18:42

{{1 hour ago, Wetlifter37 said:

Aw don't say that? Based on this post you sound like such a catch haha

}}

Thank you

