Impromptu hold and measure

Author: Despguy123

*000*2020-02-20 19:22

I was working from home today and in the afternoon I found myself stuck on a long conference call while absolutely desperate to piss. I hadn't actually relieved myself since sometime in the morning and had been drinking lots of tea and water throughout the day, so I'd been needing to go pretty badly for quite some time leading up to the call but was concentrating on finishing off some work before I allowed myself a toilet break. By the time I'd finally finished the task and sent off a few emails, I was already a couple of minutes late for the call so there was no time to run for a pee.

The call was with three female colleagues in Germany and lasted for over an hour, and despite being distracted by a very full bladder, I had to listen closely and contribute throughout. I sat squirming in my seat, reaching down and squeezing myself through my black joggers, trying to concentrate and struggling to keep the urgency from my voice. As the call went on and on, I longed to excuse myself and run for a quick piss but I was too shy to admit to my colleagues that I needed a break. By the end, I was absolutely bursting and could hardly think of anything other than running to the toilet and releasing my achingly full bladder. We had gone over our scheduled time and still had more to discuss, but eventually we decided to end the call and continue another time.

It was now just after 3.30pm, but rather than go to the toilet, which I badly wanted to do, I decided to challenge myself and hold on until the end of the 'business day' at 5pm. To make things even more difficult, I went upstairs and changed into a pair of tight fitting light grey business trousers which are just a little too small for me now. I managed to zip them up all the way but by now, my poor bladder was so hard and full that it was visibly swollen up to my naval and there was just no way I could fasten the clasp and button on the waistband.

I went back downstairs and sat at my laptop, determined to carry on working and make it until 5pm before allowing myself a toilet break. I tried to carry n on writing emails and doing some routine tasks but I just couldn't focus or sit still. I was constantly shifting position in my chair trying to lessen the pressure on my bladder, crossing my ankles under the chair and bouncing my knees or fanning my legs in and out. I couldn't keep my hands on the keyboard for long and found myself constantly reaching down to squeeze myself through my trousers. 

To tease myself even more I carried on drinking glasses of water and even made myself a big cup of tea just to add to the relentless pressure in my bladder (I had to pace up and down while waiting for the kettle to boil). I also tried pretending I was working with a female colleague and was stuck somewhere without a toilet, and tried not to let on just how desperate I was. I had to give up on this idea after only a few minutes as I just could not sit still or stop holding myself without feeling like I was on the verge of wetting myself, an ocean of piss inside me just waiting to escape and soak my boxers, trousers and socks (not to mention my chair and the floor!).

I managed to last until around 4.30pm but by now I was so incredibly desperate to urinate, my bladder so achingly full that I had given up trying to work and was constantly having to pace around, hardly able to stand up straight and constantly having to hold myself through my trousers to prevent myself from letting go. I was still determined to wait until 5pm before emptying my bladder, but I still had work I needed to finish and I had to do something to make it easier to focus. Rather than allow myself full relief, I decided to tease my bladder and only do a partial piss, just enough to allow me to carry on working for another 30 minutes but not enough to feel the pleasure of letting go completely. I found a 500ml glass measuring jug which I left out on the side. 

I continued pacing and holding myself, not allowing myself to use the jug for a couple more minutes before finally giving in and rushing over to it. I unzipped my trousers, pulled out my penis, grabbed the jug and aimed into it. I started pissing immediately, a forceful stream of warm, light yellow piss gushing rapidly into the jug and quickly filling it to the top in just a few seconds. I moaned under my breath as I cruelly cut off the flow, only feeling ever so slightly less full than I had before and far from relieved. It was so frustrating not getting to empty completely, I still felt bursting to go and my bladder was still bulging and swollen. I emptied out the jug and rinsed it under the tap, longing to release the rest of my piss, but instead I left the jug on the side and tucked my penis back into my trousers, zipping myself firmly back up.

To make up for my partial piss, I downed another couple of glasses of water and made another cup of tea, still not able to quite stand still and constantly fidgeting and crossing my legs. I was still really desperate to piss but now that I'd released a small amount of pressure I could continue working, although with lots of squirming and squeezing to help me wait. It was like my bladder had tasted relief and was demanding to be emptied, and I really struggled to take my mind off how badly I wanted to let go. I was so well hydrated that by the time 5pm finally hit I was longing to release and the urge to piss was just overwhelming, even more than before my partial pee earlier. 

The pressure in my bladder was tormenting me, back to unbearable levels and I stood up slowly, lifting up my shirt and running a hand gently over it. It felt absolutely rock hard to the touch and was swollen more than ever, right up to my naval and pressing against the top of my tightly zipped trousers. I was absolutely frantic to release it but decided to challenge myself by writing just one more email, crossing my legs as I bent down over my laptop, typing as fast as possible. I'd barely made a start before I had to stop and quickly reach down to hold myself tightly, feeling a few drops of warm piss escape into my boxers. I stood there for a moment, still squeezing hard. I was right on the edge of pissing myself, fighting to get my bladder back under control.

Holding back the river for just a few more seconds, I hurried over to where I'd left the jug, jiggling from foot to foot and I fought to unzip my trousers and free my penis from my boxers without letting go of any more drops. I grabbed the jug and aimed into it just in time before a torrent of piss exploded out of me, a sharp stream of very light yellow urine flowing freely into the jug, and I gasped with relief as I finally allowed myself to release my aching, swollen bladder. I was pissing so forcefully that within just a few moments I'd already filled the jug to the top where the 500ml line was, and I swore under my breath in frustration as I was forced to stop pissing and not let any more out while I poured out the warm pee into the sink. 

Once the jug was empty I carried on my piss, moaning softly as I finally started to feel sweet relief. My piss continued to pour out of me and I almost filled the jug up once again, this time reaching just beneath the 500ml line - almost a litre in total. Writing this up has made me desperate to go for a piss again, but I think I'll wait for a while...

Hope you enjoyed!

*007*2020-02-21 16:10

{{5 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Now this was absolutely amazing and I shall imagine this many times. I might even re-enact it myself! Fantastic and huge thank you for sharing.

}}

If you do re-enact it we'd love to hear about it!!

