Accidently Did A Semi-Public Holding... Barely Made it to Privacy

Author: starry-eyed

*000*2018-09-14 02:59

I'll give a little bit of context here so this story makes a little bit more sense to all y'all that don't know my situation. I'm a college student, as is my older sister, and since we both attend the same university, we just ended up getting an apartment together in order to cut down on living expenses. We've always been pretty close, sharing our secrets (and sometimes even showers when we were younger and off camping where said showers were a hot commodity for the beach-goers and hikers). However, with our varying class and job schedules, we really don't get the chance to see each other much, and we both usually jump at the opportunity to hang out and gossip about classes and whatnot together.

My sister, Kat, is not aware of my omo fetish, however, since I've been keeping that one a secret from her. It hasn't been hard, really, considering how much she usually works. She's usually out of the apartment more than she's in, and we always tell each other our schedules so we can plan times to hang out for a while and whatnot. I usually just plan my holds around when she's out, since I'd prefer never having to explain that one to my sister, of all people.

Usually, she sticks pretty rigidly to her schedule, so I assumed today would be no exception. Just today, she told me she was planning to be out until the evening hours, and since it was one of my few days with nothing planned, I decided it would be the perfect time for a hold.

I started off pretty easy around ten in the morning, when I woke up. I was planning to just do a ten hour hold (until 8), and cut it about an hour short before Kat planned to get home. Just in case she was lucky enough to get let out of class early, I didn't want to still be doing my hold if she got back early. Since I'm still a bit of an amateur, I started off slow in the morning, just drinking regular amounts whenever I was thirsty. I didn't really start feeling the need to go until around noon, but it was still quite easy for me to ignore at that time.

I ate a simple lunch, drank some more water, and continued about my day normally. Around two, I started with the tea. Anyone that knows me is well aware that I'm a huge tea drinker, and I could down a solid litre or two of tea a day if I didn't usually contain myself. Today, I chose to drink one of my favourite teas, a lovely cinnamon apple that really fit the cooler autumn weather. I prepared a large mug and downed it rather quickly.

This was followed with more water and two more cups of tea throughout the afternoon hours. Even though I do have a larger than average bladder, I was definitely struggling by the time the afternoon was winding down. The tea was taking its toll on my bladder, and I was finding it difficult to concentrate on my current quest in Breath of the Wild (I had been playing the game for a while that afternoon, as I have always found gaming a good distraction during a hold!)

When I pressed lightly on my bladder, it was starting to feel quite firm. Not quite to the point where it was painful to the touch, but enough to draw a small whimper of desperation out of me. I downed another bottle of water for good measure before moving on to what I'd like to consider a bit of a final challenge for my hold.

At about half an hour until five, I stepped into the shower for a nice evening wash, determined to hold it the entire time. The instant I stepped into the warm water (or, really, the instant I turned it on), I felt jolts of protest in my bladder, but I managed to keep control as I went about my normal shower routine, scrubbing down my hair and body. I'm almost positive that I leaked at one point, since the water pounding on my too-full bladder easily shot my desperation right up the scale to the point where I was positive I would burst any second. It was next to impossible to even concentrate on cleaning myself, so I rushed as much as I physically could in order to get the heck out of there before I wet myself entirely.

Somehow, I managed to stop myself from completely letting go, but I was shivering out of pure desperation by the time I shut the water off. I could barely even stand still for fear of completely losing it. I was worried I had pushed myself a bit too far this time, and I would end up making a mess all over the bathroom floor before I could even get my towel secured around me. However, I really should never underestimate the abilities of sheer stubborn willpower, because I was able to dry myself off and head over to my room to get changed into the clothes I had already laid out.

Each step was complete agony, with my bladder as heavy as a rock in my abdomen and so swollen that it begged for release with every step I took. However, even that couldn't compare to the dread that completely filled me the moment I heard the sound of keys turning in the lock on the front door. I took the few seconds I had before my sister came into the apartment to dash back to my room, the shock causing me to leak slightly. I only barely caught it with my towel, leaving the floor (thankfully) dry.

I prayed that she wouldn't come into my room, but even with the door shut, she still burst in without even knocking, as is signature of her. I could feel a blush of embarrassment colouring my cheeks as my panic slowly rose, hoping that she wouldn't notice the very obvious bulge under my towel caused by my swollen bladder. I suppose I should just count myself lucky that she becomes quite unobservant when she's angry about something, because at the time, she was already ranting about some event at work that day.

Honestly, I was so focused on not leaking a single drop that I was barely even paying attention to what she said, but I'm fairly sure it was about one of her coworkers idiocy. I was wiggling slightly where I sat on my bed, unable to keep completely still, but I'm a naturally fidgety person, so whether through a complete miracle or just my sister's complete blindness, my desperation managed to go unnoticed by her.

I thought I would be in the free as soon as she finished her rant, but no such luck. Kat would never come home just to rant, after all. She always has some plan on her mind.

Today, it was a surprise takeout dinner at the house while watching an episode or two of her current binge show, Grey's Anatomy. I couldn't exactly say no, considering that I would usually jump at a chance to spend time with her, so I had to grit my teeth to smile through a pained "yes".

Some part of my mind had already decided that I wasn't even going to think about dashing off to the bathroom when Kat was here, as I refused to let this surprise ruin my hold. Besides, I knew that if I could actually make it through dinner with her, it would be a real story to tell. I simply couldn't resist the challenge, and within seconds, my entire mind was made up. I was either going to survive this hold or die of embarrassment trying.

Kat left my room so I could get changed, and out of a moment of pure, stupid desperation and the unwillingness to go digging for a different outfit, I just slipped into the outfit I had already picked out with a hold and wetting in mind. It was a simple Zelda t-shirt with one of my older pair of grey skinny jeans that hugged my lower half perfectly. In other words, I made a very bad decision. The instant I put them on, the jeans squeezed my bladder something awful, causing a constant pressure on the huge bulge I was sporting. It took all I had to keep myself from going right then and there.

With a bit of an odd, slow walk, I made my way to where my sister was waiting, already having laid out the Chinese takeout she had brought back with her, and Netflix pulled up on the TV we shared. It was almost impossible for me to concentrate on eating, let alone properly use the chopsticks I insisted on using every time we got Chinese, but by this point, I was determined to make it through dinner without my sister even noticing anything was off, let alone accidentally wetting in front of her. I knew full well she would never let me live it down if that happened, so I settled into the couch and tried to make myself as comfortable as I could by keeping as much pressure as possible off my bladder.

The waistband of my jeans was cutting cruelly into my bladder, making it hard to sit still for more than a few seconds, and it only became worse as the show progressed, as I had grown thirsty after eating and drank some more water (I was smart enough to avoid drinking more tea, at least). My sister made a few annoyed comments to ask me to stop fidgeting, but she was so hooked by her TV drama that she didn't even bother glancing over for very long. I suppose it helped that she was used to me subconsciously bouncing my knee or something when concentrating on something. She most likely thought it was just me getting into the show and fidgeting without realizing it, but in reality, it was quite the contrary. I could barely even focus on the TV or my sister's commentary with how desperate I was to go. Her words were just a blur in the background, and I simply laughed when it seemed appropriate. That was enough for her, thankfully.

Before I knew it, it was nearing six, and it was time for my sister to head out for her evening class. I walked her to the door as much as I could, keeping a smile on my face as I struggled not to bend over and give in to the urge to hold my bladder to keep it from releasing right there in front of her.

I was so close to getting my privacy again, and the thought only made me that much more desperate.

Kat spent a few more minutes talking to me at the door, clearly unenthusiastic about going to one of her least favourite classes, and it was all I could do the entire time to not groan in agony. I ended up giving in and crossing my legs as subtly as a could, unable to bear the constant pressure on my bladder much longer. It did almost nothing to help, but I knew I couldn't start noticeably squirming. My sister might be unobservant at times, but she certainly wasn't blind.

After what felt like an eternity and a half, she finally left, and I immediately slammed the door behind her and locked it, one hand immediately going to grab my crotch. It wasn't even close to the time that I was planning on finishing my hold at, but it was possibly the most desperate I've felt in a long time. My jeans certainly weren't helping, and with quick, shaky hands, I managed to unbutton them, releasing a bit of the pressure.

When I gently poked my bladder, it felt rock hard, and I couldn't help the small groan that left my lips. I was so full that my bladder throbbed with each step I took back to my bedroom and I was forced to do an odd sort of waddle to walk at all.

I knew full well there was no way I was going to be able to make it until eight, but that wasn't going to stop me from holding it as long as I could. Besides, if I did lose control, that would just be my punishment for not making it until the designated time.

Reluctantly, I buttoned my jeans back up to add to the challenge and slowly sat down in my desk chair, moaning quietly the entire time. The jeans, plus the added pressure from sitting down in a chair, was absolute torture on my bladder. I thought I would lose it right there, and I almost did, as a small, hot spurt shot out before I could grab my crotch in a panic. I sat there like that, frozen, for a good few minutes, clenching every muscle in my body in order to do anything I could to stop the inevitable accident. There was already an obvious wet spot on my jeans, and it kept growing every few seconds with hot spurts from my bladder until I managed to stop the flow completely, at least for the time being.

My mind was still racing from my encounter with my sister, however. Her surprise visit had been a first in a very long time, and I was still in shock. I had already been so far in my hold that it was reasonable to think that I might have actually wet myself in front of her. As someone that's incredibly shy and really doesn't want her sister to know about any kinks she has, I would have been absolutely mortified. Just imagining the situation made me want to crawl into a hole in the deep confines of the desert and wait to die of embarrassment. Not to mention, Kat would certainly never let me live such a thing down.

I was so distracted by my own thoughts of complete shame that it took me a moment to realize that my hand was suddenly covered in warm liquid, as I had loosened my grip and momentarily relaxed. It was a fatal mistake, since my hand was really the only thing that had been stopping me from peeing everywhere. I tried all I could to stop the flow, but it was already too late. The pee was gushing out, a thick stream that absolutely soaked my jeans, pooled in the wood of my chair, and dribbled onto the floor in a huge mess. I don't know for sure how much it was, but I felt like I was peeing for ages, caught up in the sheer ecstasy of finally letting go.

Once it was over, I saw there for a few moments, warm in pleasure and my own pee, unable to do anything but just gasp for air.

I eventually composed myself and glanced at the time on my phone. It was only 6:10. Ten minutes since the time my sister had left.

All that sat between me and what would have been the most miserable experience of my life was a measly ten minutes.

I have never been so exhilarated after a hold in my life, nor so desperate. It seems that I love to flirt with danger~

