Wetting Challenge

Author: Tigerlilly

*000*2019-07-09 05:23

Hi! It's been a while since I've posted anything but I think I've finally come to terms with my omorashi side!

I was hoping you guys could suggest some challenges I could complete within the next few weeks. I might not complete them because I do have important things to do + I live with my parents, but I'll try my best!

- Lilly

*002*2019-07-09 09:09

{{54 minutes ago, pantstain said:

You should wait until you have a full bladder and try to go shopping and return home with dry pants.

If you're REALLY nervous about it, bring a change of clothes in a backpack or something.

And you should wear light clothing. Something that really shows the pee stain.

}}

That’s a good one! I think if I get the chance to go shopping, then I’ll wear a skirt and some leggings. The leggings will show the wetness but I can remove them if they get soaked.

*005*2019-07-09 23:06

{{7 hours ago, Helloworldiwea said:

After having a full bladder, begin working out, especially sit-up and using a medicine ball. If you belong to a gym, even better to go there and hold it while working out until you’re in a changing room to wet

}}

Haha, I don't really work out I just go on hikes on the weekends and walk home but this might be a good excuse! If you have any recommendations of workouts that don't require equipment, please let me know.

Thanks for the suggestion.

*007*2019-07-10 07:20

{{Just now, Bluesman59 said:

It all depends on how far you wanna take the challenge.

}}

Nothing too time consuming as I have a lot of work to get through. I've never peed publicly with people noticing and I think I'd prefer to keep it that way but I have no objections to peeing publicly if there is a way for me to keep it hidden

*012*2019-07-16 08:34

{{On 7/11/2019 at 10:48 PM, joemamma said:

I think 'desperate yoga' would be a really great challenge, if you're not into yoga just look up a follow-along on youtube such as 'yoga with adrienne' start well-hydrated and maybe even having to go quite a bit (start at 7+ ?) pick one that's a good 20/30 minutes and see if you can make it to the end, maybe jump on 'live action' and tell us how you're doing

}}

Maybe I’ll try that! It sounds kind of fun. I need to get through a lot of homework these next few days but hopefully I’ll get to this in a week or so!

{{On 7/12/2019 at 4:50 AM, NiagraFalls said:

If you're scared of people seeing do what i do-wear dark trousers/shorts. that way you can just pee and pee and nobody will notice

}}

Always good advice. I think I’ll wear a dark skirt for my first major public holding then maybe I’ll try it in some black denim shorts.

