Work Desperation and Subsequential Wetting

Author: Averylynn

*000*2017-11-25 07:02

So I work at a call center type thing, which is really nice because my health has been kinda bad lately and no one really relies on me. My entire job us just transferring calls to other people haha

Our monthly goals are insane though, and this month we're pretty far away, so we were told Monday to keep bathroom breaks to a minimum.

I don't know if any one else here has worked in this kinda environment before, but I tend to drink a lot more at work now that I'm at a desk all day them I ever did when working retail (though I'm also snacking more so I'm finally at a healthy size!!!)

Fun description part, this took place on Thursday, and just before anyone's to invested I didn't wet myself at work (though I've had extremely close calls more than a few times at this job). So I'm about 5'3" and 120 pounds with more of a curvyish figure. I have short red hair that almost comes down to my chin, and on this day I was wearing dark grey skinnys and a grey sweater.

The day stared off basic enough, I only work 4 hour shifts right now because of health problems so I dont really do much other in the mornings before work, but I was super tired from the night before so I had three cups of coffee before I left, and grabbed a gaterade on my way to work as well.

Usually I go to the bathroom before going to work because no matter how long it's been since I wentered I always have to pee as soon as I sit down at my desk. But I had forgotten and I was already getting there only minutes before my shift so when I sat down and got a huge wave of desperation I was basically like "Well guess I'm doing a hold now"

The first half hour I had no issues fighting it at all, I was at least a 7 when I started but I figured it would be fine as it was only four hours till I got off, and at worse I could go on my break.

An hour into my shift I started drinking my gaterade mostly out of boredom and ended up drinking about half the bottle before I realized how full my bladder was. I was constantly moving my legs and fidgeting, my desk buddy asked if I was okaay and I passed it off as me being bored from a slow call day. Thankfully my supervisor asked me to do something else so I wasn't just sitting staring at my screen for 4+ minutes at a time and got to also waste time writing in my book.

By the time 2:50 crawled around I was already planning to give up on the hold at my break, and maybe try again another day. I was at at least an 8.5 I could hardly focus on anything but the dull throb of my bladder, my skinny jeans were not helping the situation, and I really didn't want to risk pissing myself at work.

Luck was not on my side though. For some reason my last call before my break lasted 7 minutes, which never happens, so I ended up being late to it. Not a bigdeal, but there was someone in the bathroom and I didn't feel like going to the bathrooms upstairs so I figured I'd wait in the break room until it was free.

I did my best not to look overly desperate, mostly playing on my phone glancong up towards the bathroom every few moments, fucking and as soon as someone came out, another person went in -.- if to make matters worse, a couple of the people started asking me questions since I only recently moved to the team I'm on, and a lot of people have no idea who I am. I ended up trapped in conversation, and wasn't able to get to the bathroom before my break was over, and I knew I was screwed.

I honestly don't know how I got through the rest of the work day without problem, I finished my gaterade and managed to distract myself enough into forgetting my desperation.

When it was finally 5 and I was able to get out of there, standing was my worst enemy. I needed to walk out, in the midst of 40 othe people, without looking like anything was up. Part of me wanted to run to the bathroom before I left but I live close to work, and part of the reason I decided to do a hold was because my partner, M, is pretty into it too.

M met me at work, and they figured out right away what was going on. "You're about to pissue arent you, lets get you home" was literally the first thing they said to me (maybe I get desperate around them to much haha)

I leaned on them most of the way back, I was uncomfortably full and my jeans felt way to tight, and I wanted so badly to pee. They kept comforting me though saying "Almost home, just a bit longer" that kinda thing. When we got to our street though I felt a short stream escape causing me to gasp and straighten up, which proceeded to cause another short stream to escape. Thankfully my pants were dark, but I still had a wet spot about the size of a fist and I couldn't hold it much longer. As soon as we reached our driveway, I realized I was done for. Amother spurt escaped and took a few seconds before I could cut it off leaving strears down my inner thigh.

"Come on," M told me "We're almost inside you can do this."

But I knew that I couldn't. Instead I leaned against the side of the house to keep my balance and let go.

It felt like it went on forever, I couldn't look up at M and my entire face went red. I'm not sure if they watched or not but they didn't say anything until I was done. I went inside, chanfed out of my wet clothes, and then we went for tokes. Good times haha

*005*2017-11-26 17:29

{{On 25/11/2017 at 3:25 AM, Gemmy said:

Nice story. Loved that you kept getting put off going and kept on holding.

}}

Ahaha thank youuu!! It happens all to many times I'm this job I'm afraid x.x on my old team it was worse and I'd always get stuck on 20 minute calls just before I got up to pee and being extremely desperate the entire time I'm talking to people x.x

{{On 25/11/2017 at 5:38 AM, BlueWetter said:

Great story and wonderful job of holding it..

I'm sure the eventual release felt amazing!

}}

Thank youuu, it did haha my legs were sooo shakey afterwards but worth it!

{{On 25/11/2017 at 6:47 AM, BENAir01 said:

Amazing story and seems like you have a great partner :)

}}

Thank you!! I do!! It's really fun having someone who's always down for my gross kink cuz they have it too haha

{{On 25/11/2017 at 8:10 AM, wettingman said:

Great story. I love prolonged desperation. Wetting is always better if you have an appreciative audience.

}}

Haha yess I totally agree!! It's always much more fun being a huge mess when someone gets to watch ^.^

