Naughty morning at home

Author: JensH2

*000*2019-03-05 14:13

This morning I had the apartment all to myself - my wife left for work and I had a day off. As some of you may know from my previous posts I told her about my love for peeing and sometimes we incorporate it into our sex life - but honestly I've never told her about my wetting fantasies. So after she left I dozed for another hour or so - and then decided to be a little naughty today.

Usually the first thing I do in the morning is go to the toilet, then make myself a nice pot of black tea to start the day. Well, today I skipped the toilet... So after making tea I instantly went to my PC to check stuff - mails first, then news, then non-sex-related forums I visit frequently. After 30 minutes - I had just finished my second cup of tea - I started looking for adult clips and downloaded some that I wanted to watch later. Somehow this got me even hornier.

I slowly felt my bladder fill up, but I was still rather comfortable. I left my PC and started to do some stuff in the apartment. Of course since I had a day off and the wife was at work, I couldn't just do pervy things, it was also my turn for the household chores. These took me another 30 minutes and by the time I was done, the pot was empty. I had just drunk 1.5 liters of black tea within an hour after skipping my morning toilet. My bladder started to pinch. Now if you expect a long desperation session I have to disappoint you - I can be a bit playful about it, but I get uncomfortable rather quickly and in the end it's the wetting itself that I like the most. Also I was wearing some rather tight grey jeans pushing on my bladder, that wasn't exactly helping either.

So I quickly got into the bathtub (didn't want to make a mess on the floor) and this time I decided to be brave and share it with you - so I brought my phone and started recording. Isn't it funny how, even feeling really urgent to go, it usually takes a while to overcome your childhood potty training and pee into your clothes? Despite my need it took me 30 seconds before I could finally start to release, but then I was really able to enjoy it and I went for quite a while. I joyfully watched my jeans get damp and embraced the feeling of warmth and stickiness. Afterwards I snapped a few pictures of the result, threw the wet clothes into the laundry and took my first shower of the day.

Being nice and clean again, I returned to my PC, transferred the files from my phone and watched the video, a little disappointed. It didn't look quite as good as I had hoped - it's not easy to film yourself wetting, trying not to give away your identity. At least the pictures are decent in my opinion, so I will post them - I know that some of you are into male stuff too!

$$

$$

$$

It didn't take long before I noticed that the caffeine was still doing its work - and I realized the naughty morning was far from over. But I'll leave that for later - if you want more.

*004*2019-03-08 22:16

Okay, let me tell you how the morning went on...

So some time had passed since I had peed. I had taken a shower, changed into fresh clothes and now I sat at my PC, watching my very first personal wetting pictures. Suddenly I noticed that my bladder had already started to refill - even though I had not drunk anything after that pot of tea, the caffeine was still having an effect. I hadn't planned to make it multiple wettings and actually I had an appointment at noon - checking my watch I saw it was around 10:45 now. The problem was that while I had just lived out my naughty wetting fantasy, so far I hadn't done anything to reduce my increasing sexual arousal and didn't really feel satisfied. I considered my options: being home alone and horny with increasing pressure on my bladder was not a good combination to go to my appointment. And since I had to do the laundry anyway (I wouldn't leave a sopping wet pee stained jeans there until my wife got home in the evening), I thought I might as well just piss myself again.

And so I did: I quickly got back into the bathtub and released another seemingly endless stream into my blue jeans and underwear. I could hardly believe that I peed about as much as the first time, but you all probably know what happens if you treat your bladder with large amounts of tea or coffee.

I took some more pictures (which you'll see below), quickly rinsed the piss off from my legs, feet and pelvic area, changed into my third pair of pants - and had to hurry to get to my appointment in time. Which meant I had emptied my bladder, but was still feeling wicked. And even before I got home again, my mind had already made up more ideas...

$$

$$

$$

{{On 3/5/2019 at 10:06 PM, Wombat48 said:

Great account and pics! Sorry you didn’t share vid tho

}}

I might share a vid of the third "incident" that happened on this day... later!

*006*2019-03-10 08:53

Okay, so let's finish my account of this naughty wet morning. Actually the morning extended a bit into the day. I was coming back from the appointment that I mentioned in my previous post. While I was sitting in my car - it was a 20 minute drive back home - two things happened: I was still feeling naughty, pondering which outfit I would like to wet the next time I had the house for myself... and I realized that I would have to pee another time soon, the pressure was slowly mounting again. I parked my car, but didn't go home instantly because I had to get some groceries in a shop nearby. That took a while and standing at the checkout I got to the point where I would normally look for a public toilet. It was just five minutes to walk to my apartment though. 

Once I had arrived, I decided to postpone the bathroom visit a little more and I made another pot of tea - did I mention that I love tea? I did some more household chores and quickly gulped down two cups of tea. Soon my bladder started aching a bit, but the plan was already made. I went into the dressing room and put on my running shorts and a pair of white running socks. I tried to imagine the feeling of hot pee dripping down my naked legs while I finally emptied the teapot. Another 1.5 liters had been consumed and wanted out again, now there really was some sense of urgency.

I finally got into the bathtub for the third time and released the contents of my bladder - and it felt just as great as I had imagined. Here are some pictures:

$$

$$

$$

This time I was also able to capture it on film. I posted the Video in another subforum, you can find it here

!

I hope you do enjoy the view of hot pee running down my legs and my socks getting wet too!

Now I knew that finally something had to be done about my sexual arousal. I instantly stepped out of the bathtub, quickly dried myself with a towel, got to my PC and watched the video clips that I had downloaded earlier. Didn't take me long to relieve myself, this time in a different way. With the final shower of the day, my "naughty morning" came to a close and all that was left to do was turn on the washing machine. When the wife came home later that night, she might have been curious why I had done so much laundry, but I don't think she had a clue...

