Pissing Gray Sweatpants In Front of Me

Author: thesoakedjeans

*000*2016-06-21 19:58

So as I keep saying in my experiences, my logs about that girl Grasen seem to be what everyone wants to hear about. Frankly, I don't blame you guys for wanting more since Grasen's wettings (which, like I said, there are quite a few I've heard about and saw) are the greatest things anyone could imagine.

Just a little refresher on how Grasen looks in case you forgot- long blonde/brown hair, short, amazing ass, gorgeous face, and normally she would wear tight yoga pants, but when she didn't wear those she would wear tight jeans. We were friends in high school, but because of issues getting between us, we drifted apart. I had a crush on her, and I'm sure she knew it, too. But in high school I had confidence issues and I couldn't bring myself to asking her out. We flirted with each other a lot, and I mean a lot, because she is a huge flirt with people. Of course, most of the wettings I would experience would be in high school, though I have witnessed a few after I graduated.

So, to start off. It was the summer after sophomore year I think, in July. It was her friend, Sophie's birthday, and she invited a bunch of us to a pool party. We went in the pool and all which was cool. I guess you could say there were two incidents this day, though.

The first was nothing much, it was simply Grasen and her other friend, Alyssa, sitting on the deck. Grasen looked around to make sure no one was listening, and said, "I need to pee pretty badly."

Alyssa said, "Yeah, me too actually."

"Come on, let's go."

Now, the only bathroom that was in Sophie's house was all the way up to the top level, and I guess they wouldn't last or something if they went upstairs, so they walked into the pool. Before they could get to the pool, though, I quickly slipped myself into the pool instead of walking down the stairs. I hadn't really talked to Grasen during the party so far, so I figured I would, at the time of two desperate girls.

To be honest, I could care less about Alyssa. She's pretty and all, but she's irritating beyond belief, so I didn't really talk to her. Alyssa has dark brown straight hair, she's very skinny, with an okay ass. This was a few years ago, and she may have gotten less annoying, but at the time, I couldn't care for her.

Anyways, so I slipped myself into the pool, and walked over to Grasen and Alyssa. I started up some conversation, and Grasen seemed like she wanted to talk, but she couldn't. She still chatted, but it was clear that she was desperate and didn't want to pee in front of me. Alyssa swam away from us, and I still held up Grasen from going away. I looked down, and saw that her hand was in her bikini, and she was moving her legs a lot in the water. Finally, she let her hand up, and she stopped moving so much.

Nothing seemed to happen at first, until some blue dye appeared visibly in the pool. I guess Sophie's parents must have put in that chemical that if someone pees in the pool, blue dye appears. And there was a lot of dye spreading all around the pool. I quickly got out, because I didn't want the blame to be put on me. But Grasen and Alyssa both started to get out. That's when people started to notice and shriek and stuff that someone (actually two people) pissed in the pool. No one seemed to know that it was the two girls, either, except me.

The second part was later that night. I was sitting around the campfire, when a bunch of the girls (I was one of the only guys at the party) ran inside to all go to the bathroom. I made a joke, saying something like, "oh just leave me alone by myself?" when Grasen turned around and said she would keep me company. It was pretty chilly that night too, and Grasen had changed into gray sweatpants, but had no shirt on to cover her bikini top.

A good 10 minutes must have passed by without any of the girls coming back outside, and Grasen and I were just chatting. Grasen said something about how cold it was, regardless of the fire. I said she could sit next to me for warmth. So she sat in the same chair as me so she could stay warm, but she said that her legs were actually the coldest part. That didn't make sense either, since she had no shirt on, and sweatpants on. But hey, whatever.

She started complaining now how she had to pee, so she texted Sophie asking how many people were left in the bathroom. Sophie replied with "only two of us went so far, my dad was in the bathroom for a while."

Grasen showed me the text and all, and made a face. This was just a joke, but Grasen took it seriously. I said, "ha, well you said you have to pee, so why don't you pee your pants to warm up?"

...and she did.

Grasen stood up off the chair, and was like, "you have a point actually." She pulled her sweatpants up a little more, and next thing I knew, I was watching a full on piss-show right in front of me. Her light gray sweatpants went to dark gray after about twenty seconds. It was mostly going on the side of one leg, so she pulled at her pant legs to make the pee go in her front. Soon, her whole front side was covered in pee, completely covered. A small puddle in the dirt was forming, turning into mud. Pee was going on her bare feet, and just everywhere altogether.

She finished, and said, "you're right actually, my legs feel sooo much warmer now."

I asked her how many times she had ever peed her pants before. "Countless times. Let's just say I'm either too lazy to go to the bathroom, or my weak bladder fills up quickly giving me the urge to pee often. Plus, I sort of like the feeling of it all going down my legs." (Another reason I think she has a fetish too)

"Aren't you embarrassed?" I asked.

"Eh, no, because I've peed my pants in front of you a few times before. It's out in public where I start to get embarrassed, or in front of a lot of people."

"Oh okay, well, what are you gonna do when all the girls come back down?" I asked.

"Shit, good question." I decided to give her my sweatshirt I was wearing, so she could cover up her pants with it. I wanted to tell her I had a fetish for this stuff, but I haven't really told anyone of this and I didn't know how she would react to this, so I bit my tongue.

Grasen started to wrap my sweatshirt around her waist, when she said that her pants suddenly became very cold. "My legs are cold, damp, and my legs itch now," she said. Just then, all of the girls came down and outside, and gathered around the campfire. Grasen looked at me and put her finger to her lips, saying "shh...."

"Grasen, you can go in the bathroom now," said Sophie.

"Nahhh I don't have to go anymore," Grasen said. "I lost the feeling."

Sophie eyed her suspiciously and proceeded to go back to talking to her other friends.

So yeah, that was my story. Never a dull moment with that girl, too bad we stopped talking. Oh well. As always, I love making friends so if you want to message me go right ahead, and thanks for reading!

*002*2016-06-22 03:01

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

You lost some credibility here the blue or red or any color dye showing somebody pee in the pool is a myth.

}}

Fair enough. Nice catching it. She did pee in front of me twice, that isn't a lie. But I did fib a little about the dye and shrieking for purposes of making the experience pop more. I felt simply enough that her just peeing in the pool would have been too boring to read about, unless you yourself were put in my situation. And so I have exaggerated in terms of that in order to make the experience better than what it was. Sorry about that, good eye

*005*2016-06-23 23:11

{{On 6/22/2016 at 10:21 AM, omorashi lover said:

I wanted to point that out aswell. Thanks for doing so before me lol

}}

Sorry about that. Read my reply to his comment for reason

*006*2016-06-23 23:12

{{On 6/22/2016 at 1:53 AM, 50000 said:

I personally would like to hear about her and Alyssa peeing in the pool, it's not boring at all to me and I think to a lot of us. If you decide to take me up on this, use detail please!

}}

Of course dude, ill dm you

*008*2016-06-27 21:45

{{On 6/24/2016 at 8:17 PM, satyr said:

Dude, you just lost all credibility. There's a few posters on this forum I strongly suspect of heavily embellishing or outright making up their supposedly true stories, but I hesitate to call them out because there is no real way for us to know. There are some tells though which suggest that a poster isn't being truthful, even if theoretically their stories are untestable and could be true. Rarely do we get posters actually admitting to making shit up, which I suppose is a kind of "honor in dishonesty."

But still. There's no way we can trust your stories, past or future when you get caught lying. I suggest you post your stories in the fiction section. No one will ask you about their veracity in there, and then we can keep the real experiences forum to real experiences.

}}

Like I said, it was only for that time because I didn't think anyone would simply like the story considering the fact so many people piss in the pool. So I wanted to make it stand out more by exaggerating. I haven't lied before this sooooo

*010*2016-06-29 03:52

{{On 6/27/2016 at 9:16 PM, RavenEevee said:

It's cold but shes bare foot and in a bikini top but wearing sweat pants? that makes so much sense

}}

It was a pool party dude

*012*2016-07-02 00:03

{{16 hours ago, Helena said:

It's a fairly well written story. Why wouldn't you post it in the fiction section?

Fiction is not bad, people get the Nobel prize for that...

Please keep wetting expiriences to real events that actually has happened. It's as simple as that.

}}

It was real, and it did happen. Like I said, there was one detail that I fibbed about because I felt no one would think it was interesting. Everything else was real

*014*2016-07-02 20:39

{{14 hours ago, Joeybear1999 said:

I'm sorry to say I don't believe this story is true, not a single bit of it of I'm honest. Like Satyr said, you've lost all credibility since you lied, if only for that one part. And you pass it off as if it's no big deal, even acting arrogant and like you're smarter than those who pointed out your mistake. For you to think we could all be fooled is an insult to our intelligence and this community. It's rude guy. It was well written nonetheless, and I think if you want to write stories go on to the fiction section.

}}

You dont have to believe it if you dont want to but i havent been acting arrogant at all. i talked it out with the original person that commented this and its fine with him. just dont read my experiences or wtv

