One "Accident"

Author: LooseCannon

*000*2017-09-08 20:48

When i was sixteen i remember a messing scenario i might never forget.

Me and my mom were home and my dad and brother were traveling to an anthor state some where for the week, my mom was watching tv and i was close by when i had a bold idea to mess my self in front of her but subtly enough so that she wont notice. I stood close to her and acted like i was watching the show on the tv as i started to push. I walked over to where my dog was lying down and bent over so i could push easier and act like i was petting the dog. I felt the seat of my panties start to get pushed down but what i didnt expect was a sudden spurt of pee. I let out a short but audible gasp and my mom asked "what?" 

And i tried to lie by saying nothing but since i had peed my bladder wanted to let everything out. I took a step away and another spurt came out but this time it slightly darked a spot on my jeans but i couldnt stay their, i began walking and a steam of pee started to pick up. I rushed to the bathroom peeing the whole way their i had paused but a moment to open the bathroom door and it all came out, there was a path leading to were i was standing, at first its a few dots the it forms into a trail and eventually forming a puddle around my feet.

My mom helped me clean up but the reason i remember this is not only does it end with a real accident but the fact that after it all happened my mom said if "something happens like this again im going to put you back in daipers"

And that got me thinking what if i had started getting "accidents" again?

The next part is going to be in the fiction section because i did not have the guts to wet or mess myself again in front of her.

*003*2017-09-10 12:42

{{14 hours ago, kc_rules said:

Yeah to be perfectly honest this sounds like a made up story from someone with an omo fetish looking for a cheap thrill. Unfortunately this kind of thing is becoming more common here :(

}}

Ok so the reason why my mom said "ill put you back in daipers" is because when i was 9 i was forced to be back in daipers until i was 11 because i had an underdeveloped bladder and my mom knew that i hated it the whole time and its not like she said gently or kindly, it would cost alot of money. Their is no way for me to prove this happened especially since it happened years ago. I dont know guy believe what you want.

