Gentle experimenting

Author: BeeCat

*000*2021-03-11 03:18

I told my sweetie early on about my pee holding kink, and they responded in a way that was neutral, which is good (not negative, and I don't usually involve others). We have many other fetish things in common, and I basically expected it wouldn't come up much.

Last time I was at their house, we were intermittently cuddling and making out, and they were lying on me, between my legs. They asked me if I was okay, and I said I was fine, and was just fidgety because I needed to pee.

I expected them to get up once I told them, but they just hummed at me, acknowledging, and kept lying on me.

It felt good so I didn't complain, but was surprised.

We kept cuddling and kissing, and started escalating toward sex. They were rubbing between my legs for awhile, and I started to feel the pressure to pee building with the sexual pleasure.

They read me well, and after a bit they started touching me other places - my chest and thighs - and then pressed gently just above my crotch, over a small part of my bladder. It was so gentle I wasn't sure if they were caressing me or trying to put pressure on my bladder. I moaned and told them again I needed to pee.

They were sitting between my thighs now, so my legs were spread apart and it made it harder to hold it. They moved more towards the center of my bladder and pressed harder, making a satisfied sound when I moaned again and held my legs tighter around them.

I told them I thought they weren't into this, and they said they like to try things, and especially if I was going to make sounds like that.

I felt so turned on, and they kept pressing and kissing me until we were both so aroused we moved toward more direct sexual stuff.

They later told me they DO have independent interest in pee stuff! Just slightly different pee stuff than my main ones. It was so fun they were interested in pleasing me this way, I'm looking forward to returning that...

Very thrilling I have ideas

