Gotta love bathtime

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-04-02 18:54

Hello everyone, I thought I'd share my fun afternoon with you all!

So, I was waiting around being lazy because I knew my good friend homeanddry would call me on his way to work, and I decided that I could engage in a bit of omo fun. I've been having a hard time lately so not found much will to do it, but I'm feeling a bit better now and the urge to hold til bursting hath returned.

Anyway, I spoke to HaD for about 30/40 mins, and me and my housemate F went to lidl, because we are penniless peasants, and it's the most supermarket like supermarket that us Brits can handle here in Spain. I felt the urge to pee before leaving, but, well, didn't. We then did a slow walk to lidl cos we were messing about with the video camera, probably about 20 minutes or so, then we did our shop, we both wanted to get it done so we tackled the heavily graffiti'd shopping list in record time, but of course there was a queue backing all the way up all the way to the weird smelling deodorant, and a Spanish gentleman gave me puppy dog eyes as he only had chicken legs so I let him infront. We do a fortnight's shop in one go so it's only fair!

Anyway, my need was at the back of my mind as we had a malfunction with some spaghetti and packed everything up and hauled ourselves to the bus stop (we carried shopping back thrice, the bus is a blessing), where the bus appeared instantaneously and I didn't have time to breathe before the bus was away with us on it. I felt a small lurch in my bladder, but still, nothing major.

We stopped at a bench to rearrange the bags because we had an odd number and it was only fair to switch, so I stopped and had my nice, but cold, iced latte machiatto which made my bladder tingle slightly but still nothing particularly interesting!

Anyway, we got in the flat and I had some water and wasted time on facebook watching videos, and by that time my need had grown substantially. I was jiggling my leg a bit and doing my internal checks to see how bad it was subconsciously. HaD was at work so I wasn't bothering him much!

Anyway, I decided I'd hold it as long as I could, and see if I could make it through a bath I had planned. I packed away the shopping, spoke to my bf on the phone before he went to work, and sorted out payments that needed to be made on internet banking. By this point I really needed a wee and was sat cross legged and holding myself on my bed.

As you can see I was wearing a white shirt and black jeans, some odd socks one are blue and grey stripes, some orange with grey spots I believe!

Eventually after another mindless facebook scroll I decided it was time for a bath. I went to the lounge and brought my bottle of water to the bathroom with me, and began running a bath, with plenty bubbles.

Anyway, I was struggling now and was cross legged, bouncing, holding with one hand, sometimes two hands! But still drinking water of course.

I got undressed which was difficult, then I got in the bath and immediately it worsened my need. I had to hold on with one hand, the water was too hot so I was standing and switching legs due to the heat melting my ankles as well as! the desperation.

I knelt down and as the water hit me more I got another wave of desperation, I was rocking back and forth. I switched positions so I was fully lying in the bath and lost the tiniest amount. I immediately held on for life until it subsided, and cautiously went about washing. I managed to get my hair washed before it got really difficult, I had to condition my hair one handed and rinse it one handed, as well as try and shave my legs without letting to go or moving too much to keep the pressure on!

Not long after that and I couldn't hold on anymore, I was writhing with both hands and unable to finish bathing. I knelt forward as I felt my bladder contract and it all just came out, no matter what I did, I gave up and let the inevitable happen. It was over quite quickly, but I was tired after the long struggle!

Anyway, I finished up my bath and cooked dinner.

Nice way to start the evening,

Hope you enjoyed reading,

EQ xx

*003*2016-04-03 08:54

{{ 

Wow. Sounds like you had a delightful bath. Love the fact that you "let go" before you finished your bath. Thank you for sharing.

}}

Haha not much choice! It was good fun :P

{{ 

Ive done this a few times. Its a great way to have an accident when you have roommates without getting caught.

}}

You're right it is amazing, but then again totally soaking myself in the shower before running the water is more fun, I've needed baths atm though more comfortable

*007*2016-04-04 18:02

{{ 

As always your story was highly enjoyable. Wile I usually shower rather than bathe, I love the challenge of being very desperate and trying to hold my pee in. Most times , I may leak a bit in the beginning before regaining control. Of course I let out the rest as I finish showering. Sometimes, however i just can't stop the flow once I start.

I think sitting or kneeling in the water is , like you describe makes it much more difficult to control your bladder.

Anyway thank you for posting. I love the desperation pix too

}}

Haha, it's been too cold for Showers, all I wanna do is have a nice warm soak, but I definitely can't last two seconds in the shower, and I'm sure I've posted about that before! I can't wait to have a hold in the shower, I'll probably get round to it soon!

{{ 

Another wonderful story and some really nice pictures, thanks for sharing :)

}}

Thank you very much :)

{{ 

Nice pictures! :)

This makes me want a bath! Unfortunately until my new tattoo heals I p can't really leave it soaking in water for too long, so I think a shower it is!

}}

Haha, wow what tattoo/where? Wrap it in clingfilm idk!!

