Wetting while baking

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-12-24 04:29

As we all know, Christmas time can be a very busy time of year. especially for me who's the cook/baker in the family. Now I don't want to gloat, but I am quite skilled in doing this. I'm also a pretty big perfectionist when it comes to baking. I even priorities baking over my own bodily needs. for the past few nights, I've had to do all my baking in the middle of the night. Luckily, I got to be home alone during those days. Mum was working a night shift, and so I could do my baking in peace.

As I said, I'm very finiky when it comes to baking. I was so busy baking I hadn't even noticed that I needed to go to the bathroom, that is until my bladder gave a violent push and cause me to tense up. I had a really big dilemma. I was making cookies, and they burn easily. They were just about done, so I knew i wouldn't have time to go to the bathroom, so I decided I would have to wait until I got the cookies out of the oven. But as the clock ticked away, my bladder strained more and more. I started pee pee dancing around while waiting for the cookies to be done. I couldn't really grab hold of myself since I was still in the middle of rolling out more dough.

Finaly the cookies where done and could pulled them out of the oven. That move was very painful. Just as I put the cookies on the counter to cool, I felt it. That familiar feeling of pee that's about too come out. I froze up completely, closing my thighs as tightly as I could, but too little too late. The first spurt came out and soaked my panties, but it didn't stop there. If I spurt, the flood is not far off. The pee just kind of gushed out in one strong stream, running down my legs,and soaking up my pajama pants. At that point I didn't try to stop it. It just would just have been pointless. Once I flood, there's no hope of stopping. The pee his the vinyl flooring pretty loudly too. It felt so incredibly good to let it out. of course, I needed to clean it up since I need to keep making more cookies.

*002*2010-12-24 05:51

{{:

Yet another great story! It's amusing to see there really are people who can focus on a task so much they end up wetting themselves; the amount it is exaggerated in stories makes it doubly interesting to read about when it's real. In any case, good to hear the cookies didn't get ruined.

}}

The cookies turned out great. Honestly, I can;t believe how often I get focused on what I'm doing. ^^; Usually it's with video games.

