Bed wetting adventure

Author: AlphaShepard

*000*2019-05-04 16:17

So like I mentioned in this thread

, I decided to try bed wetting last night. I went out and got a mattress protector, and reinforced it with garbage bags and towels underneath just in case, then put my regular sheets over it.

I'd been drinking a lot of coffee that day, so I already had a pretty full bladder when bed time rolled around. Since I still had about half of an ice tea left to drink, I opted to pee before bed, or else I wouldn't be able to sleep at all.

So I slip into bed and play around on my phone until I finish the ice tea, and then set up a YouTube video of rain sounds to try and encourage wetting, and try to go to sleep.

I actually felt my bladder filling rather quickly, though not to the point where it would normally keep me awake. Unfortunately, I quickly realized a miscalculation, which was that the ice tea was caffeinated. Now, I don't do well with caffeine, so now I'm being kept awake by an increased heart rate. I toss around for a good three hours, which I can tell because that was the length of the rain video, which I had to restart. I also went to fill a bottle of water, hoping it would help filter out the caffeine, plus fill my bladder a bit more.

At that point, I decided to try masturbating, since orgasms tend to make me sleepy. So I rub one out, and luckily, it puts me in that nice relaxy drowsy state. It doesn't actually put me to sleep, but at least my heart isn't racing anymore.

The urgency from my bladder was also pushed back, so I at least had a restful little while of laying there and letting my mind wander, occasionally drinking from the water bottle until it's empty. Eventually I start feeling my bladder fill up again, so sleep is definitely not happening, but at least we're getting somewhere pleasant.

I discovered that I feel the urgency the most when laying on my back and slightly propped up, so I arranged my pillows as such and tried thinking wet thoughts. I can feel the pressure wanting to burst, and I'm pretty exhausted at this point and just want to sleep, and I know that to sleep I need to pee. It took everything I had not to get up to go to the bathroom like my instincts were telling me to, but I managed to stay put.

As usual, my shy bladder is doing a pretty great job of keeping me from losing control (what will it take, bladder?!), and it's starting to get painful, so I start trying to force it. Harder than it should be, but eventually, I feel the stream start.

It's slow at first, but once my body realizes this it's happening, the floodgates open and I'm pissing like my life depends on it. I empty out my bladder completely, and take a few minutes to enjoy the warm wet feeling before getting out of bed to take a picture. While I'm doing this, I note that the rain video is at 2 and a half hours from the time I restarted it, so it took a good 5 and a half hours total to get to this point. (Also noted with amusement that it was 4:20 in the morning)

I get back into the wet sheets, and it's a little less pleasant now that they've cooled, but I'm exhausted, so I just deal with it. I fall asleep, though I do recall waking up at one point to empty my bladder again before going back to sleep.

I woke up again around 7:30, and here's where I'm regretting just getting back into the wet sheets. The moisture somehow spread onto the sheets on top of me, and even onto my pillow and in my hair. It's cold and clammy and smelly, and I'm annoyed. My PJs were flannel pants and a short sleeved shirt, so I put a sweater over the shirt to keep a bit warmer. I manage a bit more sleep, but it's not really restful.

Around 9, I feel my bladder filling up again, and I figure that since it's almost time to actually wake up might as well wet the bed again to warm things up a little. It luckily doesn't take me as long as last time, but it's still difficult to get my body to cooperate. I do manage to start peeing again, though, and once again, once I start it just all comes out.

I let myself enjoy the new warmth until my alarm goes off at 9:45, at which point I have to start getting ready for work. So I strip my wet PJs off and throw them, as well as my sheets, into the washer to deal with later.

So yeah, that was my bed wetting experience. I enjoyed parts of it, though not all. I'm thinking in the future, I'll definitely have a spare set of sheets and PJs available so I can change those after wetting. I'll also avoid caffeine because wow that was a bad idea. (I might try diapers, too, but I'd currently be too worried about them being found by my nosy housemate, so that exploration will have to wait until I move out)

First two pictures are from the first wetting during the night, next picture is from after the second wetting in the morning.

*004*2019-05-04 19:29

{{1 hour ago, irvingarlington said:

Especially on keeping the pillow dry.

}}

God, yes, that was the worst part. I'd like the pee to stay below my neck, please!

*006*2019-05-04 20:06

Hmm... The bed is relatively firm, though I've got a foam cover that I have over it, and it's pretty soft and causes a pretty big dip.

