HOTTEST female desperation I ever saw!

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-04-26 13:50

TRUE experience. A experience I witnessed. Sounds fake, but I just love details. All actually happened.

STORY:

So the girls name was Allie. She was one of those tough girls. Very pretty, and she was not a flip flop, skirt type. She had smooth, brown hair and glasses. Glasses are hot. She had a nice shape. While many girls I saw had a twig shape, she had some good-sized legs that looked great in the tight jeans she had on. That day she had pink shoes, and a black shirt. Allie was beautiful.

We were freshmen in college. Both business majors. She worked for the campus snack stand. That day I sat by while I was involved in my studies. Allie looked tense. She always seemed perky and fixing things up. Today, she stood still, slouched, and had a worried expression on her face. I looked at where she had her sights on: the women's restroom.

Twenty minutes later (keep in mind she had to have stood there for over an hour before, so twenty minutes ago is when it probably started to get desperate for her). She walked around the snack stand with her hands in her tight jeans and had her legs tight together. I went nuts. Her thumbs trembled over her pockets and she hopped here and there.

I went up to her. I asked if I could buy a cookie (I was not going to get this poor girl to pour a drink). I asked her, "Allie, you alright?"

She said, "Eeee, not really Rick. I'll be fine though."

"You sure? Do you need anything?"

She blushed. "What I need is to get into a bathroom stall asap cause my bladder feels like it's going to pop." Her jaw dropped. "I can't believe I just said that. Oh my god."

"You want me to go get someone?"

She bounced. "I called before over the walkie, but everyone is busy. I can't believe I forgot to use the bathroom after the gym. I had hit the shower and everything. I drank like two freaking bottles of water!"

"I'll watch the snack stand if you want. Trust me, I'm not going to take anything." We both laughed.

"I...I um...I can't. But thank you."

I left. Still, I watched her from my spot. She slouched over the stand and bounced up and down. She started to breath in and out. I was turned on, but I felt bad for her. Then, a worker walked by. She called him over and asked, "Please, can you watch the stand so I can use the bathroom?" He agreed and took the stand. Just as she left, he pulled her back.

"Sorry," he said with his wallow in hand. "I just got an emergency call spill. I'll try to get someone here." He ran off, leaving Allie in torment. She flung out her arms in disappointment and hopped. One leg crossed in front of the other. Her hand shot to her crotch and she looked humiliated.

Twenty more minutes went by. Allie could not stop her movements. Her arms crossed on her chest, legs crossed tight. She squirmed in place. Then, her jaw dropped, she left the stand and ran for the bathroom. I heard her whisper, "I'm not gonna make it. I'm not gonna make it." She ran in. She made it...I thought.

After ten minutes, a line of people formed at the stand. Then, water poured out from Under the women's restroom door. Just as people had left. Allie walked out looking scared as hell, her legs scrunched.

I ran up to her. I asked what was wrong.

She said, "oh my god Rick. I waited behind this redhead since all four stalls were taken, and after like ten minutes the red head went. She looked desperate too, but of course she gets to go and right as I get into a stall all the toilets overflow. Something happened with the plumbing." Seeing the water flow could not have helped her bladder pains.

She went back to the stand. I told her I'd go get someone for the bathroom. When I got back with someone, Allie stood at the stand ringing people out while slouched, one hand to the crotch. She was all red. Later on she described it as if her stomach was really going to pop open and that it was slipping through into her panties.

After her line was done I went up to her. I was very turned on, but I am not evil. I cover for people who are desperate at my job all the time.

"Allie, go to another restroom. I'll watch the stand. Just given me your work hat there. My shirt is black, no one will know."

She squirmed very noticeably. Her legs crossed and uncrossed. Crossed again. She almost fainted as I could tell a bladder pain shot up into her.

She hugged me and agreed (I hope she did not feel Little Rick down below saluting her during that hug). She left, but the her boss came from around the corner and stopped her. She stood still, hands on hips, tapping one foot as she bounced. She did not have much time. I saw a stain started to form on her butt.

"John," she squealed. "Pl...please...I...I...am going to ls.....oh no." Her legs crossed and hands to her crotch. She hopped and her boss looked astounded. People looked at her and she became red.

I saw a line form on her jeans side. Then, she saw the maintenance crew take the out of order sign off of the bathroom. She ran for it. Stormed through the door. Five minutes later she came out and looked like the weight it the world came OFF her shoulders. She lost a little, but won the war.

The end.

*003*2017-04-26 19:17

{{2 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Wow, great story! Perfect combination of a cute girl, unavoidable desperation, your excitement but also helpful attitude (I hate when people try to make it worse for people not deliberately holding) and just a touch of wetting without (hopefully) enough to really embarrass her... You ever see anything else from Allie? Get involved with her at all?

}}

Nah. She and I weren't exactly friends. I still would've helped but it was just a hot experience.

*005*2017-04-26 19:24

{{16 minutes ago, Riptide101 said:

Awesome story!

Little Rick reminded me of Tiny Rick though haha.

}}

Lol is that from Rick and Morty or something?

