My first (and best) wetting accident

Author: moonori

*000*2018-07-07 20:37

When I was about 7 or 8 years old I would go to my dad’s house on the weekends, which was just your average small town apartment complex. When the weather was nice, most of the kids who lived there (which were a lot) would get together play outside all day. On this particular day we all decided to play hide and seek. I can't totally remember what I was wearing but it was most likely skinny jeans and a glittery t-shirt since that's pretty much all I'd wear at the time. I do remember I was wearing a pair of pink panties.

At this point in my life I was obsessed with apple juice. Like I could drink a whole carton in no time. So this day I had a large water bottle filled with apple juice I was carrying around with me and drinking from constantly. And when I say large I meant like too wide for me to fit my hand around and pretty tall too. Whenever I'd finish it, I'd immediately go inside to get more. For some reason in my tiny brain I thought taking a quick brake to get more to drink was perfectly reasonable, but taking a quick brake to use the bathroom would have been outrageous. Even when it got to the point of needing to go so bad that I couldn't stand still without feeling like it was gonna come out.

A couple hours of hide and seek go by and I've already drank 3-4 of these large bottles of apple juice. I don't even know how I fit that much liquid into my body. I had gotten to the point where I couldn't stop moving and was constantly wiggling my butt around as discreetly as possible (so only discreet in my head) but I thought playing with my friends was more important at the time. The problem with hide and seek when you're absolutely desperate to pee is that generally you need to stay still to stay hidden. I spent every second I wasn't in sight jamming my hand into my crotch trying to keep my pee in, still thinking I could just hold it till we were done playing (which probably would have been hours from then). When I would go home to get more juice I would try not to make it obvious cause I didn't want my dad to make me go but I think he could tell anyways. He never said anything though, probably cause he wanted me to learn that I needed to go when I needed to go.

We had just started round number who knows at this point when it really hit me. I was running around trying to find a place to hide and suddenly my bladder had had enough. I could feel all my pee at the edge of my urethra trying to push its way out. At that point I knew I was in trouble but I thought as long as I clenched my pussy muscles as hard as I could I would be able to keep it in longer. If I could just get through this last round I would run home and make it to the bathroom.

I couldn't remember a time feeling that much pressure down there and I couldn't stay still for one second or I knew it would immediately come out. My bladder was so overly full I'm sure I was dripping constantly, all that liquid squeezing its it's way out of my pee hole completely unable to keep it in no matter how hard I tried. I knew the time to hide was up but I was still running around in a panic because I just couldn't stay still long enough to find a place. I had ended up on the back end of the complex when I was starting to consider forfeiting and running home, though I probably wouldn't have made it if I did, it was a long (and very public) way to run with pee dribbling into my panties.

Then I saw a bush with a perfect hole to fit a small human underneath and decided I'd climb in there instead. Once in my hiding spot I was holding onto my pussy for dear life and bouncing up and down as much as there was room for. I knew I was still pretty visible through the leaves and branches but there was nothing else I could do at that point but hope no one came to this area of the complex.

I had only been there for about 30 seconds when I felt a little bit squirt past my straining muscles and into my panties, even with my hands trying to keep my pee hole closed. I panicked and knew it was all about to come out on it's own. That's when I noticed a thick branch hanging low next to me and I got an idea. I rapped my leg around the branch quickly so I was straddling it. I then pushed down and started grinding as hard as I could to keep my pee inside. At the time, I didn't really know what masturbation but I did know touching myself felt good. This however, was beyond anything I had felt before. The combination of rubbing my pussy and the tingling pressure of pee pushing on the very edge of my clenched urethra was like an explosion all over my body. I can still remember what it felt like 10+ years later.

I was only rubbing on the branch for a few seconds before the insane amount pee started spraying out of me. I had no chance of stopping it by then but I still tried, pushing down even harder. I peed and peed and peed. Luckily for me, no one did end up coming to that area of the complex and finding me there. When I was finally done, I was so shocked by the experience I had just had, I stayed there for awhile not sure what to do with myself. Eventually I lifted up off of the branch and looked down at my pants. Because I had put so much pressure on the front of my crotch, all the pee sprayed backwards keeping the front of my pants dry. For some reason I thought that meant it hadn't left a wet spot at all (I know it's stupid, I could feel how wet the back of my pants were but I was young) so I then spent the rest of the day playing outside with peed in pants, thinking no one would know. I'm surprised no one ever said anything.

When I finally came home I'm pretty sure my dad didn't notice and assumed I had found another place to go. I never did change out of those panties and they had been so soaked that they stayed wet all night. that's been my #1 experience to fantasize about ever since.

*006*2018-07-16 00:51

{{On 7/14/2018 at 5:06 AM, Slater said:

How big was that branch?

And were there any other accident stories after that?

}}

From what I remember the branch would have been just big enough for my hand to fit around now.

Surprisingly, I never did have another full accident after that. I'm prety sure I did actually have some before then but I don't have any memory of them.

*007*2018-07-16 01:08

{{On 7/9/2018 at 5:14 PM, wetaccident said:

Was this a regular habit for you as well or kind of a one off that just struck a chord as an omorashi fetish later on?

}}

It was definitly common for me to wait to pee until I was about to have an accident, but I would usually make it to the bathroom in time.

The closest I can remember getting to that point again was a few years after that when I was at my dads house again. I was playing around with friends Inside the living room which had a large sliding glass door. I hadn't really realized I had to pee yet but I had definitly drank a lot. We saw someone outside who we didn't want to have to play with and knew she'd want to if she saw us so we ran into the bathroom to hide. Seeing the toilet made me realize how bad I had to go, but everyone was standing still and I didn't want to make it obvious so I stood as still as I could. A few seconds past and suddenly I was peeing in my panties. It was a long stream but I managed to stop it and managed to make an excuse as to why we should leave the bathroom quickly. I minute later I went back in on my own and peed without anyone realizing what happened.

I don't really count that as an accident (not a full one anyways) but I did leak a good amount.

