Scene with my partner

Author: SilverSnake

*000*2022-03-17 18:50

Alright guys I have been meaning to share this story for a minute! I got permission from my partner to post here. Skip this intro stuff if you want to get right to the goods!

For the visual people: I am 5'4", white, curvy, with very short blond hair. My partner Chris is a 5'6" trans man. He's in great shape and has a perfect butt. If you read my last story with him, you know he has a very small bladder, and usually takes a bathroom break once an hour.

In this story we were both naked.

The Scene:

We started off hanging out together, kissing, and watching youtube. I was the (very soft) dom, and he was submissive which is a reversal of our usual roles.

I set a timer for 15 minutes, and placed a full glass of water (12 oz) in front of him. He had to drink the water before the 15 minutes were up. We repeated this process a 3 times and by the end of the 45 minutes, he said his bladder was at a 8/10. I also took the time to sketch him lying there.

With him already a little desperate, I turned off the distractions, fetched another glass of water, and went to the bathroom. I left the door open and I'm sure the sound of me releasing was driving his desperation up.

I started light, barely touching him. Kissing his thighs and marking him up with hickeys. Chris was already wet so the teasing was really getting to him. He drank more water, then stopped. I asked how he felt and he said his bladder was really full. He stopped using the rating system at this point, but he seemed like a 9.

I gently pressed his bladder and he moaned. His lower stomach was hard and slightly distended from his full bladder.

I continued to tease and edge him for a while as he got more and more desperate, then I had an evil thought. I went and picked up my dildo.

The next 20 minutes or so are lost to a haze of lust and genuine effort. I had him turn over at one point and fucked him from the back, then when he seemed like he was genuinely getting close to losing control I turned him back over and pressed towels under his butt.

Between the pee desperation and the orgasm denial he was in his own world. He was panting and begging me to let him go pee, saying he couldn't hold it. I gently encouraged him saying "You're doing so well for me."

"You look so hot right now."

"I know you can hold it a little longer" and similar phrases. I was really close myself.

Then, he let out a yelp and a big leak escaped. His legs were shaking from the effort, but he still got control back. I kissed him as he begged me to let him go again. I responded with something like "You think you get to pee just because of one little leak? You're an adult. You can hold it." He groaned, wiggling in place. I could see tears on his cheeks and it drove me insane.

I knew he was at the limit now. Every time I pressed on his bladder he'd leak, and I barely touched his clit he'd near climax. I rubbed his belly and asked "Even if I let you go, could you even make it to bathroom right now?" His voice was strained as he responded "No, I can't hold it"

Piss started to gush out now, splattering all over my breasts and stomach. I rubbed his pussy as his bladder emptied, feeling the hot urine on my hands. "You did so well, you held it for so long" I praised, watching to make sure he was okay.

He peed for almost a full minute, the hissing spray slowing to come in pulses and then eventually ending. He looked so beautiful all wet and ruined.

I quickly bent and took him in my mouth, working his clit with my tongue and savoring the saltiness. He moaned and rocked, given over to the pleasure, and then went rigid as the orgasm washed over him.

After that he just laid there for a few minutes in exhausted silence. I got a little concerned and asked if he was feeling good. He laughed at that, and reassured me this was possibly the best he had ever felt. After 5 minutes of recovery time his legs were still shaking but we went to shower.

He repaid me with his dexterous fingers in the shower, and we cuddled the rest of the night.

I'm sure this is not the last time we'll do something like this!

Hopefully the pictures work this time! I posted the sketch as well as the finished piece that I drew of him.

$$

$$

