Lukas on the train without WC

Author: Lukhas

*000*2017-03-19 16:15

Trip from the exposition to the school. Local train aprox. 25 min. long trip. All class is here.

Lukas, shy boy, sitting next the window, next him be sitting Nelly. Lukas starts to squeeze his legs and sometimes he grabs in his crotch.

Nelly: Lukas, you look like as a little bit nervous. What happen?

Lukas: I only need to pee. Can you leave your seat and let me go?

Nelly: Lukas, this is a local train, there is no bathroom here.

Lukas: really? do not tell this, I want to make me sure.

After short time is Lukas back.

Nelly: I have said it.

Lukas: yeah, no WC here.

Nelly: only hold it.

After 5 min. is getting worse and worse for Lukas. If someone is nervous it can happen that pressure to bladder is stronger and stronger in a short time.

Vladana and Julia are sitting across Lukas, on the other side of corridor.

Vladana: look at Lukas, it seems that he needs to go to the WC.

Julia: maybe, but there is no WC here. Was not he in bathroom in exposition hall?

Vladana: I do not now. Maybe he needs again. And he is in a bigger and bigger trouble, if I can see.

Vladana is leaving her seat and goes to the Nelly. They are talking about weather but Vladana notices Lukas problem.

Vladana: Lukas, do you need pee so badly?

Lukas: right, I am not sure that I can hold it.

Vladana is not shy, she is going to the teacher and speaks loudly.

Vladana: Ms. teacher, Lukas is about to wet himself.

All classmates are suddenly quietly. Something what makes Lukas to be desperate more.

Teacher: Lukas, is it emergency? I cannot help you, you should go before we got on the train.

Lukas: I thought that there was WC on the train, I do not use this train usually. But I have got an idea?

Teacher: what kind of idea?

Lukas: I can go out next stop, pee in station and take the next train to our station. It is not problem for me.

Teacher: no, I do not agree.

Lukas: why?

Teacher: I am responsible for you, I cannot let you go alone. Only try to hold it, you are big boy.

Teacher left. Vladana tok her seat again.

Julia: do you believe that he peeds himself?

Vladana: if we pass next station without leaving train, he do it in his jeans. Maybe he will do it in his jeans before we come to the first station.

Julia: oh, poor Lukas. It is horrible to pee in front of all classmates. But he could go, there was nice and clean WC exposition hall.

Trains breaks in the station, peoples go out and in and train leaves the station. Lukas is sobbing a little.

Julia: now he is condemn to pee himself.

Vladana: sure, he did not make it. I am curious what his mother says him when he comes home in that age with peed jeans.

Julia: ha ha, it can be humiliating, ha ha. Lukas do you hear me? Do it in your pants, we know that you cannot hold it.

Teacher comes over Lukas, she knows that it can be difficult to hold it for Lukas.

Teacher: OK, class, hear me. Lukas in in pee troubles because he did not visit WC in exposition hall. It can happen to everyone. So do not laugh at him. Everyone of us can pee yourself. We are reasonable and do not need to laugh at him. Lukas, I know that you have a pain, but do not torture yourself.

Lukas: what?

Teacher: pee in your pants. We all know that you are in troubles. So it is not problem. But first leave your seat and pee yourself in a corridor.

###

Lukas is thinking- she was right but I do not want to pee myself. Should I be sitting here or stay in corridor in case that I start to pee uncontrollable?

Vladana and Julia: can Lukas hold it or no? if no, what with his peed clothes. He cannot be rest of the day in them.

Nelly: if he will be sitting here and suddenly let it go, how quick can he leave his seat. Maybe we should change places so that he will be sitting next corridor. Should I ask him?

Thanks for your answers and have a nice Sunday!

*007*2017-03-21 20:30

English is my 5th language and not native tongue (before I finally found best place for me, I lived in 3 different countries, not english speaking). I wanted to be born in english speaking country but it is only God or someone else who could make it for me but did not make it for me. I know that I would be better but in my age it is more and more difficult to be better, so sorry.

