The time I held my pee the longest I can remember

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-11-07 00:27

This is the story of the time I held on the longest I can remember!

My dad worked for British Rail so I had the privilege of having some free train passes I could use when I was a teenager. I have an uncle and aunt who live in London so I arranged to go and visit them one Easter. It was a long train journey but as I love train travel it was very relaxing.

So I was always (still am) somewhat embarrassed to say to anyone when I need to use the bathroom. When I was staying at my aunts I tried to not go very often and would sit and chat and hold on for as long as I could. I would never go during the night either incase I woke anyone so spent the week holding every day so many times! Their bathroom was off the kitchen and somehow if I did muster the courage to go I would inevitably meet my cousins in the kitchen or my aunt and they would want to chat! By the time I had got to the kitchen I was usually almost wetting myself and it was so difficult to remain social and decent while on the verge of wetting! I do recall dancing feverishly a couple of times and looking longingly at the bathroom so often.

I never gave my aunt my dirty washing that week as every pair of pants had wet patches that week!

Anyway, this particular night that week we had all sat in the kitchen having Sunday dinner. The sun was shining into the room making it warm and I remember drinking a few glasses of water with my meal. As was normal we had been to church together that morning and I was booked on the train home the next day. During dinner one of my cousins (three girls the oldest being about five years younger than me) mentioned that the youth group had a meeting on and suggested we all go since it was my last night with them. It sounded fun so about an hour after dinner my aunt gave us all a bottle of water each and some sweets and we ploughed into my uncles car to go to the youth event.

The church was just twenty minutes drive away so I was expecting us to go there. I had not been in the car long when I felt a familiar tingle in my privates and realised I should have gone to the bathroom before we left. By the time we had been in the car about twenty five minutes so I was not at all worried assuming we would arrive any minute.

The car kept driving.

I foolishly drank som more water from the bottle as it was hot in the back of the car. I was aware I needed the bathroom a bit but I was still fairly comfortable. I looked out the window and tried to enjoy the ride while I listened to my cousins chat to their dad.

Half an hour later and we were still driving! By now I had my kegs crossed and I was wondering where we were going! From what one of the girls was saying it seemed this was a joint churches thing and we were heading for another church out of town. Surely we had to be there soon? And surely there would be a toilet when we got there.

Finally we pulled into a car park and my uncle turned off the engine. We had been in the car an hour now and I had last used the bathroom over four hours previously and since then I had consumed a lot of liquid! I went to open the door but there was a child lock on and the others were not getting out anyway. I really wanted to ask where we were and if we were getting out. Mostly I wanted to ask if there was a toilet anywhere I could use but I was way too shy for that.

I should say this was before the days when mobile phones were standard though my uncle did seem to have one as they were pretty well off. We sat in the pitch black car park for ten minutes of more. I could see a building nearby but like everywhere else it too was in pitch darkness. If I had not been with relatives I would have been a bit scared to be honest. The only good thing about the darkness was I was able to hide my need to wee more.

I placed my hand between my crossed legs and shifted around in my seat. I could feel the need much stronger and I was certain if we went home I would never last the hours journey. There was no way I could wet myself though as I was staying with relatives for one thing, I would be far too embarrassed for another and my uncle would not be happy if I damaged his car. I needed a bathroom so bad though! It was getting harder to sit still!

Eventually my uncle decided to call someone. We had been in the car park over twenty minutes now and I was bursting for a pee and no idea where we were or when I would be able to go!

I could hear the person on the other end of the phone telling my uncle that he was in the wrong place but suggesting we go to their house for a while instead! I hoped so badly that they lived near by. I really really needed to find a bathroom and time was running out....

My uncle switched off the phone and started the car up. I was so glad it was dark outside as I was able to have one hand wedged between my legs pushing against my vagina to try and hold my pee in. Despite having a seat belt on I kept moving around too. My cousins seemed engrossed in conversation with their dad talking about where we were now going and how they were excited etc. I was dearly wishing it would be close by and trying to figure out how I would get out the car dry when we got there.

I was so bursting I actually remember putting my hands inside my trousers and pants and stroking myself. I was so embarrassed but had my body facing the car window so no-one could see. I was practically dancing in my seat and my face was screwed up. My bladder was hurting and I was getting concerned.

Finally we pulled into the driveway of a very posh house. It turned out to be the church minister and his wife and they invited us all inside. My cousins were hugging them and so excited and I was standing there crossed legged hoping someone would say hello to me so I could ask quietly if I could use their bathroom please! While I stood there I felt a few drops leaking out of me and I had to suddenly shift position to try and stop myself peeing myself in a posh house in front of family and strangers.

They had set up this sort of snug/TV room for us all and laid on a bit of a spread with sandwiches, juice, cakes etc. We all got comfy and I found myself sitting at the end of the sofa closest to the ministers wife who was on a large arm chair knitting. They turned on a TV and put a movie on which I have no idea what it was as all I could think of was the fact I was about to wet myself! With all the chatter and the noise of the movie I muttered to myself ‘I need the toilet so bad’ but no-one seemed to hear! Why could I not just admit I was bursting to pee and ask to use their bathroom??

Instead I sat back in the sofa and crossed my legs tightly. I was sat bolt upright and must have looked so uncomfortable. There was a small coffee table beside me and the ministers wife reminded me politely that I had a glass of juice and snacks I could have. Just looking at the glass of juice was making me so nervous. I picked up a sandwich and politely ate it though all I wanted really was a bathroom break. My bladder was aching now as I had been holding for almost two hours and not been to the bathroom for over five hours. I shifted about and tightened my muscles all I could. I even slipped my head between my crossed legged desperately longing to finger myself as the closer I got to wetting myself the more turned on I got!

The noise settled as everyone else finally started to watch the movie. I tried watching it but I could not focus on anything other than the fact I was about to burst!

I took a deep breath and said really quietly

‘Excuse me please, could I use your bathroom.’

Unfortunately right at that moment the movie had a loud part which completely drowned out my whisper and no-one responded. I could feel the tears behind my eyes as my urethra was pounding so hard against my vagina, my pussy lips were swollen beyond belief, my clit was rock hard and I was so wet and open. For a second I froze as a spurt leaked out just as my urethra pushed down for the millionth time that night.

I could not take this a second longer. I swallowed hard, put my head down to avoid eye contact and almost cried out,

‘Please please could I use your bathroom. It’s quite urgent’

And right at that point I stood up as another drip leaked....

As I stood there, vulnerable, dripping and blushing I could feel my entire body shaking. I had reached the point of no return and if I was delayed more than a minute longer I would flood the room with hot steamy fluid!

Without so much as lifting her eyes from her knitting the ministers wife said ‘of course! Up the stairs, third on the right.’

What? In a property the size of this and they had no downstairs loo? How was I ever going to make it upstairs? My urethra was pushing against my wet pants now so fast it was like a steam train about to crash. I HAD to pee. I HAD to.

I jammed both hands instinctively between my legs, put my head down in utter embarrassment and bent over. Now to find this heavenly longed for place when I could relax, open myself up fully and explode like a waterfall at the edge of a cliff. My hands could feel my trousers were already damp now and I needed every ounce of energy I had to keep myself from just surrendering to my own body, allowing it the precious release it needed and relaxing into the inevitable. I knocked the room door closed with the back of my foot, leaned against the old Victorian hallway and fell back against the wall.

Here was I, in my late teens, an everyday girl with shoulder length dark brown hair, navy trousers, a flowery cream and navy blouse on, deep brown eyes and breasts that only just jutted out more than my overfilled and bursting bladder. My eyes filled with tears as my knees bent and my back fell against the cold wall as I grasped myself between my legs for dear life. Finally I could undo the top of my trousers as I tried to stop myself from the inevitable, bursting open for all to see and hear!

I slid one hand inside my trousers, inside my wet and warm pants and grabbed my pee hole with my fingers for all I was worth. How had I got to this state? Why was I simply unable to ask to go earlier? Now I had taken myself to a totally extreme situation where not only was I about to wet my clothes but I was also so incredibly close to having a sexually public experience in the hallway of a ministers house! What was I thinking?

I saw the stairs and made a run for it...well running with open trousers, wet pants, a body bent over, a bladder sloshing about and a finger inside your leaking pussy is a site to behold I can tell you! With my free hand I held onto the railing and willed myself to hold another second...and another...and another...

The tears dropped from my eyes in sequence with drops from my urethra onto my hand. I was beyond bursting and if anyone saw me I knew I would just let go. My heart was pounding, my skin sweating, my vagina screaming. Each step up those stairs was both painful and orgasmic as each drop ran down my inside leg causing electric shocks right through me! The third door seemed like an absolute eternity away.

I was past being dignified. I was past holding back now. As I reached the light coloured carpeted landing I kicked my trousers off then and there. (My shoes had been removed when I came in so I only had my socks on). It didn’t even cross my mind how I would manage to come back for them or what if they were found. This was an emergency and I could not have them getting any wetter. The gusset of my flowery cotton pants was so wet and warm so as I continued to struggle on I used my spare hand to pull them down too.

So here I am staggering along a hallway naked from the waist down in someone’s house with hot sexy pee running out of me despite all I could do to prevent it! One drip on the carpet. And another. Where was this door? Where was the bathroom I so desperately, longingly yearned for? Finally I came to the third door, pushed it open, and tore my hand away as I ran dripping and panting for the toilet. I turned and tried sitting down just milliseconds before a torrent of hot streaming release escaped me. It was pouring out of me so fast before I even had time to rest my bottom on the seat. 

I was shaking, crying and laughing all at the same time! I rested my bum cheeks on the cold plastic seat and finally relaxed as hours and hours of build up finally took its toll on my whole body. My head tipped back, my eyes closed and my mind taken to a place of utter relaxation and peace finally. This was a needed pee. This was a never needing climax that was heavenly indeed. The speed at which my body released that day was second to none. The amount of liquid, the intensity and the feelings of total release have yet to be repeated.

I could not control what was happening to me. The bathroom door was wide open, I could be watched, heard or touched by anyone and I could not have cared. I was in another realm altogether, in another world, where all that mattered was getting this climax, this release.

For all I could not say a word earlier about my need to pee all of a sudden here in the bathroom, alone, naked from the waist down with my discarded damp clothing in the hallway outside, I could not keep quiet.

‘Ah, ah, ah’

‘Oh, oh, oh’

‘This...is....heaven’ I screamed as my entire body pulsated with release, passion and ecstasy.

The urine kept on coming in waves, mixed with so much mucus that ran out of me uncontrollably.

Time stood still as my body reached its ultimate high.

Then I sat there, suddenly aware that this went beyond peeing. Suddenly aware the door was open, I was half naked, exposed, spent and fulfilled in every sense of the word.

It took over a minute before I was able to regain any sort of composure.

I wiped my tired running pussy with paper. It sent more shivers throughout my body but I couldn’t go there again. I was exhausted but oh oh so happy. The tears in my eyes now were those of pure delight, happiness and peace. Whatever had just happened to me was something incredibly special, wonderful, heavenly. I flushed the toilet, washed my hands and yawned.

I was spent. Fully and utterly.

*003*2018-11-07 09:25

{{2 hours ago, ihsaromO said:

Good story. Have you posted this before? I could swear I remember reading it.

}}

Yes I posted when i first joined and was to, I to was in the wrong part of the site (think it was videos oops) so move date it to here as requested.

*006*2018-11-07 19:14

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

These are some of the sexiest words in the English Language.

I thoroughly enjoyed your intense, richly detailed description of what you were feeling and where, along with what you were doing to try and hold in your pee. This is the best story I have read in a long time. Thank you for posting, your experience.

How did you retrieve your pants. Did anyone notice?

}}

I don’t *think* anyone noticed but I can’t be sure. I flushed the toilet, washed my hands then calmly walked out the open bathroom door to find my knickers and put the, back on. I then put my discarded trousers on and returned downstairs to the others. I was suddenly very thirsty though and drained my cup of juice quickly.

It was so surreal but has stayed with me forever.

*011*2018-11-11 16:41

{{21 minutes ago, AliasnameTO said:

I didn't anticipate reading something so fantastic today. "Too shy to ask" situations are almost always my favorite, and this one is told with great writing and lavish detail. I especially love that it took you a few attempts to get anyone's attention. Surely each time you had to re-summon the courage to mention it, so it compounded the stress factor. Really superb post.

}}

Thank you so much! I enjoyed writing and reliving the experience very much. Many years after this occurred and I still find it embarrassing to ask to use someone’s toilet! I love the too shy to ask situations too as I can so relate to them.

Thank you for reading and taking time to comment. It isn’t greatly appreciated.

