After the Party

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2022-02-15 03:57

I know I haven’t posted anything in a while, and that’s because I didn’t have many ideas for a fictional story and nothing has really happened lately. Buuuuut that all changed this last weekend. On Saturday, I went over to a friend’s house with a couple other friends just so we could all hang out. For privacy reasons I won’t be stating any of their names. Now, she had all these drinks and snacks for us, and we were going to watch a movie in her living room. I don’t like to really have anything more than sprite as a drink, so I got a can and sat on the couch. I watched the movie like everyone else, but the chips and other snacks were making me feel thirsty, so I got some more liquids. I felt a little more than a small need for the toilet, but I didn’t really want to ask for the bathroom because I have a shy bladder.

My need slowly got worse as we continued hanging out, and some of you may know from my first story that I have a small bladder and a bad habit of holding it in. But, it does create good stories for you all! Anyways, by the time I left my need had gotten pretty bad. Not to the point where I was holding myself, but I was definitely fidgety. I got in my car and started to drive home. I live about 45 minutes away from this friend, and I also happen to be in a place where I get a lot of snow. So imagine my dread when I was squirming, only 14 minutes into my drive, and stuck in traffic. A car crash had happened up ahead and my GPS had predicted that I would have an extra 30 minutes added on to my drive.

I waited in the traffic for what felt like forever, and then I was on my way again. I was squirming, shaking, and occasionally gripping my croch. I had debated peeing into a water bottle but decided that 8 might make a mess and that it was better to play it safe. I was only 10 minutes from home when my bladder just completely gave up, pouring its contents onto the chair of my car. While it felt amazing, I will admit that I felt a bit of shame about the fact that I had just completely soaked my sweatpants. I drove the rest of the way home all wet, and felt very lucky that my roommate when shopping when I got home. So I changed out of my soaked clothes, got into pajamas, and spent the rest of the night watching tv. (A show on Netflix called Inventing Anna to be specific! It’s very good!)

Bye!

*002*2022-02-16 03:35

Felt very lucky! My roommate knows that I have a weak bladder and they’re very nice about it, but it’s still embarrassing. What matters is that they’re kind about it and help me out at times

