Fancy photo session by the river

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-05-17 10:04

On our last evening of our vacations last week me and S dressed up for a fancy hang around in public. I was wearing black suit pants, a shirt, tie and a grey suit jacket. My partner was also well dressed in his new suit. Since I´m usually the t-shirt/jeans/hoodie kind of person I´m not used to dress up like this, but felt comfortable and excited doing this together with S, and he of course loved it, since it´s his fetish. He normally doesn’t dress like this in public either, it´s been more of a private thing.

First we were having dinner at our hotel. It had been a hot day and since I had some secret agenda I made sure I had enough to drink.

We left for a beer someplace else. It was a fantastic evening, one of the first warm nights as a teaser of the summer ahead of us. The open-air-bars were as crowded as they´re allowed to be these corona days, but we found a table at a casual place. The way we dressed caught people´s attention and I kind of liked it. We had only time for one beer before they were closing, and I suggested we´d go for a walk before going to bed. I didn´t feel anything while sitting down, but as soon as we started walking I felt the need to pee, and that was just fine.

S brought his camera as always (good for you people), and we decided to go in a direction we hadn´t yet discovered, past the big church north of the city center, to see if we could take some nice fashion photos. We found a track that went along the river, so we started walking there, two big sunshines hand in hand.

While walking downhill to the track closest to the river I felt a little pressure in my bladder, and while S stopped to take a couple of photos of me in a tunnel next to where some teenagers were hanging around, I let out a first warm and nice little leak in my underwear. We kept walking. The brown river wasn´t the most beautiful one, but the sun mirrored itself in the water. S handed me the camera and I took some great back-lit photos of him while leaking a little bit more.

The fun part of the walk had begun. I kept wetting myself a little bit at a time, could feel my crotch get wet and trickles down my legs, but nothing seemed to show on the pants, maybe because they´re made of some fabric that is supposed to be a little bit water resistant. We stopped a few more times to take photos. S looked at me through the camera right as I peed myself. A few times I was almost certain that my enthusiastic smile would give it away. I found it obvious and just couldn´t believe he didn´t realise what I was doing, but caught up in his own flow he just smiled back at me, and snapped some more photos of his girlfriend secretly wetting her pants. I felt sneaky and was truly enjoying myself!

The pants weren´t very absorbant and I didn´t want pee in my shoes so I was careful not to let out any big spurts. By now I had leaked so much that I was wet down my thighs though. While leaning slightly against a tree I used the photo posing to direct my next litte spurt down the leg that was less wet.

I now had that nice naughty feeling of walking around in wet pants, but made sure to keep the wetness comfortably warm by dribbling a little more. S told me he would be needing a bathroom soon so we´d better turn back in a while. “Well, I don’t have that problem” I smiled to myself, but didn´t say anything.

After we had passed by some people fishing in the river there were no one else around and we stopped to passionately make out. I felt pretty soaked in my crotch area and knew now that I had to face the problem that I must not get any pee on my partner´s brand new, custom made, tweed suit… Even if he likes my omo fetish, there are limits to what he could possibly apprechiate. Carefully I tried to keep a little distance between us as we hugged and kissed, and to distract him I put my hand on the front of his pants and gently stroke his hard on. He didn´t seem to mind.

We came upon a bridge, decided to cross it and walk back on the other side of the river, where there was a smaller path. At the end of the bridge S stopped me for some more kissing, and this time, inspired by my earlier move, he put his hand between my legs, and… I was busted.

“Hey… You!!! I fucking love you! When did this happen?” he laughed while wiping the wetness off his hand on a dry part of my pants.

“Pretty much all the way along the river I guess” I said with a big smile. He was surprised, he never suspected a thing.

We laughed about it, and kept walking, but the sensation of my still pretty full bladder and the sight of a dirty bench gave me a new idea.

“Wait a minute… Shouldn’t we take some photos of that kind too?”

“Ok, sure, but how?”

“If I sit on something… where it shows. Like right here” I said, looked around to see that nobody was approaching, and sat down on the bench.

When S had his camera ready I didn´t have to ask my bladder twice – I spread my legs and started peeing hard into my pants. I heard the hissing sound, felt the warmth spreading under me, looked down and saw the river forming between my legs, soon running over the edge of the bench and hitting the ground beneath it. After a while It stopped, but I had more in me, gave it a little push and wet myself again, another river. It was a welcome relief.

Standing up my ass was obviously soaked, and this time it showed from behind, but according to S it looked mostly just like I had been sitting in a wet spot. It would soon soak into the fabric and become almost invisible again. Also, said S, my outfit was the perfect camouflage in other ways too, as people would notice other things, my whole appearance, or details like my tie, and nobody would expect me to have had an accident.

It was a turn on walking back to the hotel, knowing people on the streets would look at us and have no clue I had just pissed myself. It´s been very hot for us both to think about it afterwards too, and we have agreed this wasn´t the last public wetting in an outfit like this.

$$

$$

$$

*002*2021-05-18 21:46

{{On 5/17/2021 at 6:32 PM, kalle2020 said:

Fantastic story and pictures, thanks for sharing! I love that aspect of "no one has any idea", and the fact that during the first part even your boy friend did not have a clue makes it all the naughtier...

}}

Thanks!

Yes, twice as sneaky and twice as fun! I really loved the waiting until he found out, knowing I would get caught, but not when. I have done that sneaky thing once before with him, so he should have been more observant I think. But the pants really did a good job hiding it.

*007*2021-05-22 16:43

{{On 5/19/2021 at 1:37 AM, rachelkirwan said:

Stunning! Thanks for share you lucky person you!

}}

Thanks! And yeah I´m lucky for sure!

{{On 5/19/2021 at 5:45 AM, AlmostWet said:

Nice, will there be continuing adventures?

}}

Of course! Will be posting a different adventure from those vacations in a few days. I'm also certain there´ll be many more of this kind later on.

*008*2021-05-22 16:50

{{On 5/19/2021 at 10:32 AM, waterrat said:

What an amazing experience! Its so nice that you share it with us!

The first pic is so good because pee is leaking down your leg right then but it's impossible to see, the second pic is amazing because you can almost hear a faint hiss while looking at it

}}

Thanks. I´m glad you all like it!

I love that second picture myself, and I agree, it´s as close to a video a picture can be, even if it´s just a frozen moment, you could almost see the stream moving (and hear its sound).

{{13 hours ago, faffef said:

Oh, damn, thats fancy

}}

Yeah, indeed!

