Double relief - wet masturbation

Author: JensH2

*000*2019-10-14 15:14

As I have mentioned in earlier posts, I have experimented with wetting myself during weekends when my wife was traveling alone. (She knows about my pee fetish in general, but not about my appreciation of wetting). The first time I did it, I stepped into the bathtub in different clothes and took a few simple cell phone clips and pictures while doing so. (Find some of them here!). Another weekend when I was on my own, it got a little more sophisticated. I prepared a spot in our bathroom and used my DSLR with a tripod. The first attempt was wetting a pair of jeans - I posted a few pictures here.

But there has been a second attempt during that particular weekend and while I was reluctant to mention it at first (mostly because it includes explicit pictures which I will hide under a spoiler tag), I felt it was about time to share it now. Be warned: it includes naked male genitals and masturbation.

I remember it was one of those hot days during past summer's heat wave. After wetting the jeans (mentioned earlier), I got into the shower, shaved my manhood clean and changed into fresh clothes. I knew I would wet again and this time I wanted to act out a fantasy that had already crossed my mind while I was still letting go into that jeans two hours ago. I put on light beige summer pants, made of some thin fabric, and a white shirt that I usually wear to work. I hoped that my clothes would become see-through once they were wet. And I used some stage props – I fetched a rattan chair from our living room (because I wanted to try peeing while sitting) and a bucket from the broom cupboard. The camera was still set up from the last video, so all I had to do was refill my bladder – even though it had already started to fill itself again. I'm an avid tea drinker and it didn't take me long to consume about 2 more liters.

So long story short, I'm not too good when it comes to holding and after about 45 more minutes I became rather uncomfortable. My bladder was really starting to pinch and hurt and I decided it was to time to go! I turned on the camera, sat down on the chair, crossed my legs and wiggled a bit. There was no holding back now – it's not that I couldn't have held it for another hour if my life depended on it, but I just wanted to let it out and enjoy the sensation. I tried to relax and... suddenly there was that familiar barrier again.

That mental barrier that tells you: "You're a grown-up man trying to piss yourself fully clothed while being recorded by a camera. And you like it, you even got a bit of a boner!" Well, you gotta shake off your upbringing and overcome that barrier I guess. It took me a while to release, but then I felt the first wave slowly creep up my urethra, traverse my penis and finally spurt into my panties. It seemed more difficult sitting down. I took a deep breath, pushed some more – and finally got to the point where the first larger spurt flowed out freely and a wet patch spread on my pants. I stopped and enjoyed the sensation of warmth and wetness.

$$

Then I got up and released more pee. I wanted to feel the warm liquid run down my legs and recolor the light fabric of my clothes. Actually it did get a bit transparent even though you can't see it in the pictures – but I still think the wetness is pretty noticeable.

$$

I could've emptied my bladder standing there and for a moment I was tempted to do so, but I had other things in mind. I pulled down the pants and touched my cute wet "heart pattern" undies – they were sopping! I allowed myself to let another squirt out, but then had to control myself again for the things to come.

$$

WARNING: The more explicit part starts here. I put the pictures into spoiler tags, they show me peeing naked and masturbating.

I pulled down my panties and sat down again. I grabbed my dick, aimed towards my upper body, leaned back into the chair and pushed my bladder muscles hard. Initially it was just a small dribble, but then I managed to increase the pressure and the first shot of hot pee hit my shirt. I enjoyed the nastyness of me peeing on my own body and watched the shirt slowly getting a kind of yellow-ish transparency.

Spoiler

$$

I would've loved to get my shirt all soggy, but I realized that peeing "full force" while sitting down wasn't the easiest thing to do. So I got up again, my bladder still pretty loaded and waiting to be unleashed. I grabbed the bucket and started to fill it with my urine. Now I pushed as hard as I could and pee was finally coming out with high pressure. Despite that, finishing took me what seemed like ages. Whenever I thought I was done, I pushed my bladder muscles one more time just to make sure - and another stream of urine splashed into the bucket. But finally it ceased and I was empty – well, there was no more pee inside at least.

Spoiler

$$

$$

But all that wetting, pissing on myself and hearing the piss hit the plastic of the bucket had made me pretty horny. My hands were wet from the pee spraying around, my dick was wet from the wet hands holding it. A discreet smell of pee was in the air, coming from the bucket. I was erect and I couldn't help but begin to stroke my penis, still holding the bucket with the other hand.

Well, what do you expect... it probably took me less then a minute before I ejaculated. (I have it on video, so I might check later). The final seconds were sweetened by the sound of several shots of semen splashing into the pee filled bucket. And don't click on the next spoiler tag unless you really really want to see this...

Spoiler

$$

$$

That was probably my naughtiest "home alone" experience so far, I even enjoyed the cleanup afterwards. Talking about it still makes my heart race a bit. And I still got that video clip that I watch from time to time – it's weird to jerk off while watching yourself jerk off, but I assume it's mostly the memory that works.

