Seeing John desperate

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-01-15 00:33

As part of the university course I was on we had to go on regular placements. The students who lived in the halls of residence were often placed in far away towns and taken to bed and breakfasts for a week. This was one such time.

There were around 30 of us on the hour and a half journey and the journey on the Sunday was very uneventful. Our placements were spread around quite an area with various students dropped in little towns along the countryside. I was around half way through the drop off with John being one of the last dropped off.

Placement week was always busy and we were all looking forward to hearing how everyone had got on on the Friday evening. The placement finished at around 3pm and the first students, John and another girl, were first picked up around 6pm. John had had an outstanding critique and he had consumed a few beers to celebrate as well as having a coffee with his main meal.

Friday evening traffic meant it was almost 6:45 before the last students were picked up and the coach then had a 90 minute journey back to the university. It was an old coach with no bathroom and not even any seatbelts! John was sat in a double seat to himself and I was across the aisle from him with another student beside me. We were all tired and lots of the students either fell asleep or wore headphones and listened to music. It was dark outside so nothing to see out the windows anyway.

Roughly half an hour into the journey and John asked me the time. I say half an hour into the journey though for John it was more like an hour as he had been picked up first. Anyway, the first I noticed was his body facing more into the aisle and his leg bouncing a little. He looked up towards the driver as I told him the time.

‘Oh,I was hoping it was much later’ he replied before crossing his ankles.

We made light chit chat about our placements and our grades but he seemed a little fidgety and distracted. He mentioned he’d has a few beers and ‘a coffee and might need a piss soon’ though I was thinking he looked liked he already did. The conversation came to a natural pause after I gave an embarrassed laugh at his comment but he smiled at me then looked back down to the driver.

He moved over to the window seat and crossed his legs at the knees. I didn’t want to make it obvious but I could not take my eyes off him. He was dressed in a suit and tie, in his early twenties, had wavy brown hair and beautiful hazel eyes. He was well out of my league but I liked him as a friend.

Maybe ten to fifteen minutes later he shifted back towards the aisle again with one leg in the aisle tapping his foot on the metal walk way. His black smart shoes making the tap tap noise much more obvious.

He whispered over to me, ‘do you think the driver would stop if I asked him nicely. I need a piss.’

I shrugged my shoulders and whispered back ‘you can only ask I guess’

I checked my watch to see we still had at least 45 minutes to go.

John walked down and spoke to the driver and returned to sit on his seat and resumed the leg bouncing.

‘So?’ I asked.

‘He reckons I should wait.’

‘Can you?’

This time John shrugged though I could tell he was very disappointed and unimpressed at the situation.

He wriggled a bit, leaning forward with his head resting on the seat in front.

‘I need a piss’ he murmured to no-one in particular.

He fluctuated between the window seat with his legs crossed looking out the window, to the aisle seat with his legs bouncing until suddenly I saw him in the window seat holding himself with one hand and his bottom raised above the seat. He bounced his bottom back onto the seat squirming as he did so. There was half an hour minimum still to go to our destination but he looked really bursting now.

Again he walked down the aisle to the driver, presumably begging him to stop again. Again the second time he returned to his seat swinging his legs as he sat down with a hand resting on his crotch area.

What had started as whispers between us was now general knowledge as one student after the other started asking John if he was ok.

‘I’m just fucking bursting for a piss that’s what wrong and the stupid driver won’t stop! Ok!’ He said rather loudly and much more angry than I could ever recall seeing him.

Others tried to console him with the usual platitudes of ‘not long now mate’, ‘you’ll be fine’, ‘try not to think about it’ etc, none of which was helping poor John.

He really was openly struggling now. He could hardly sit still. He was rubbing his crotch then gripping himself, then bouncing about, then tapping his knees with his hands. Avoiding eye contact with anyone, his head leaning on the headrest in front of him, he rocked and rubbed his trousers and swung his legs repeating to himself ‘need to fucking piss’ over and over.

I was in such a quandary. The entire situation was making my own pussy throb with a very different need to John’s, my nipples were brick hard and tender and I wanted to rock in time with John but yet at the same time I really didn’t want him embarrassed or having an accident in front of all his peers.

Partly to calm my own beating heart that was going ninety to the dozen with desire and party to try and keep my friend from utter humiliation, I swallowed hard and overcame my own shyness and walked up the aisle to speak to the driver.

‘Sorry to bother you. It’s just my friend really can’t wait any longer and I don’t want your seats being damaged with urine. Please could you stop somewhere, when it’s safe of course, and let him get release? It really is an emergency I’m afraid.’ I glanced back at John who had loosened his belt and undone the clip on his suit trousers and was rocking and holding himself for dear life.

Despite me trying to be discreet John shouted from the middle of the coach ‘Mate I need a fucking piss. Please stop. I’m about to piss myself!’

I almost climaxed right there so much so I had to steady myself and sit down on the nearest seat as the driver started to slow down and pull into the side of the road.

As we slowed to a stop John stood up with a hand now inside his trousers holding his penis through his boxers as he hobbled down the aisle and descended the few steps to the fresh air.

It was pitch black outside but the headlights of the coach meant I could just about make out John’s shadow as he hobbled to some bushes and stood pissing for what seemed like hours. I stayed at the front of the coach and stood to thank the driver.

The driver sighed and said ‘we really did have just ten minutes to go too’ but I smiled and said ‘I don’t think he could have held two more minutes let alone ten do you?’ As we both looked in the wing mirror at the male shadow standing at the bushed with his trousers barely above his knees!

John was still pissing!

Finally he headed back to the coach and the driver opened the doors to let him in just as a number of cheeky students clapped for him. I have never seen John so embarrassed!

As John returned to his seat I followed behind as the driver pulled back onto the road for the last ten minutes. John returned to the aisle seat, relaxed, relieved and happy. As I sat down he took my hand and held it, looking right at me and whispered a sexy ‘thank you’ as he leaned in towards me and kissed my cheek.

He had no idea the shivers that sent right through my body and the desires it stirred in my private areas. I was delighted he made it on time but I needed back to the privacy of my room to orgasm soon.

We never became an item but remained good friends throughout our years at university. Unfortunately I never got to see him bursting as bad as that day but my memory replays the magic often.

*004*2019-01-16 14:11

{{1 minute ago, New_Macca said:

Wow I really love the way you describe these situations. I am not normally into male desperation but I really enjoyed this and the effect it had on you. You have a real talent both for writing and also for holding large amounts of urine as proved on Friday

}}

Thank you. Friday was brilliant

