Snake Scare

Author: Dylan13

*000*2020-06-10 17:44

After the "Datsun" incident, I didn't wet myself again for almost a month.

My dad had gotten rid of the Datsun, so even if I wanted to play in it I couldn't.

He bought a riding lawnmower earlier in the summer because we had such a big yard, but he could hardly keep it running (notice a pattern with my dad here?).

When it worked, though, he would sometimes take the deck off and let my sisters and me drive it around our yard for fun. To us it was like having a slow go-kart and with my love of driving, I had a blast on it when I could.

Like everything else my dad bought, though, it usually ran for a short period of time and broke down often. Then, he would tinker with it and rig it up just enough to make it work for a little while.

With this particular incident, it was around seven o'clock in the evening, and I was outside on the riding lawnmower by myself. My mom and sisters were inside the house, and I'm not sure where my dad was at.

I was wearing a T-shirt and Wrangler blue jeans and everything was going well. That was, of course, until I encountered a garter snake.

For as long as I can remember, I have been petrified by snakes and it didn't matter at the time what kind of snake it was. To me, a snake was snake, and just the sight of one would make my skin crawl and cause me to run the other way, or if I was with someone, I would at least keep a good distance from it. Since we lived in the country, garter snakes were common.

As I was riding past our cement patio, I noticed a large garter snake about five feet in front of the lawnmower off to the right and I was immediately terrified.

My bladder let go as I stepped on the brake and I felt my crotch turn warm and wet. A large wet spot formed on the front of my blue jeans and ran about half way down my thighs. As I was still peeing my pants, which didn't take long for me to finish because I didn't have to go very much, I reached down to turn off the mower and bolted for the house.

When I got inside, my mom and sisters were sitting in the living room watching TV, which meant that I would have t walk right by them to get to my bedroom so I could change my pants.

I stopped in the kitchen before going through the living room because that's the point where I realized that I wasn't going to get away with having an accident, and it's also where I realized that I may have overreacted outside with the snake just a little bit.

Feeling embarrassed and childish for peeing my pants, I took a deep breath and accepted my fate by proceeding into the living room. When I walked in, my mom and sisters looked at me and noticed the wet spot on my pants right away.

My mom asked, "What happened to you?" in a somewhat amused but accusing tone.

I tried to make my voice sound annoyed and I simply replied, "A snake scared me.", and continued walking. Both of my sisters snickered as I stepped into my bedroom in retreat from the situation.

After changing into clean underwear and blue jeans, I remained in my bedroom and played by myself to avoid facing my mom and sisters.

Later, much to my surprise, my sisters didn't make fun of me much for having an accident. They gave me more griefs about being a coward than they did about peeing my jeans, and my mom didn't say anything about it at all.

