Visiting neighboors

Author: buddy

*000*2020-04-26 06:23

This is a true account that happened shortly before the crisis. I extended it slightly.

We recently visited our neighbors and friends, Lutz and Claudia, in the afternoon. We sat together at the dining table for about an hour and talked when the doorbell rang, storm.

Claudia goes to the door and I see that her daughter Marie comes in. Then I only hear, as Claudia says, "Well, at least just say Tom and Ann hello." So Marie comes into the dining room. She looks really cute with her long blonde hair. She is wearing a sweater with a short skirt and dark blue tights. She shakes hands briefly and then stands behind the chair in front of her head. But since I'm sitting directly on the corner, I can see them well. So I first observe that she put her hands on the back of the chair.

But what fascinates me even more is that she is constantly shifting from one foot to the other while we are talking to her. I suspect she thinks that we cannot see her behind the chair, at least cannot see her legs and so do not notice that she is so restless. Since I now know Marie and her behavior very well, I immediately know what is going on. She has to go to the toilet urgently. And of course she is too proud to show us that she has such a big pressure on her bladder. Rather, as much as possible, she tries to hide from us as we talk.

"Where have you been?"

"During flute lessons."

"And how is the school going?"

"Good."

"And what are you going to do later?"

"Hockey training." She replies very briefly, but fortunately my girlfriend always puts her up questions again. At some point I notice that she took one hand off the back of the chair. Now I can see her pushing her lap against the corner of the back of the chair. To do this, she has to tiptoe. But she is less restless. Either the backrest takes some pressure or it simply cannot move on tiptoe. Shortly afterwards I realize that it is probably the latter. Because a little later she goes off the back of the chair and is now clearly on the spot. 

She also keeps pushing her knees over each other. Her steps are getting faster, more intense, occasionally biting her lip and I hear that she is breathing harder too. She moves her hands more and more. She briefly wrings her on the side, then briefly grabs the back of the chair, rubs her hips, legs and stomach over her chest. For the first time, she takes a brief step, almost casually and very briefly, as if it had just happened from the movement and not on purpose. It's as cute as she obviously tries to hide it from us. But in the next few minutes she jams her hand between her legs more and more often. I see her shy, fearful look and I can literally feel her need, in which she now looks particularly cute.

Then she can finally go, actually she taps out. I take the opportunity to follow her with the sentence: "I think I forgot my cell phone in my jacket." I just barely notice Marie closing the toilet door. Fortunately, the wardrobe is right next to it. So I can clearly hear her groaning frantically. I suspect that she fidgetingly pushes up her skirt, pulls down her pantyhose and panties. Because then hear how she groans loudly and lets it go. I quickly opened the door, which in her hectic pace she forgot to lock. Or she simply couldn't make it in her need. 

Anyway, I can see briefly that she is sitting on the toilet with her legs slightly apart. I only recognize how her panties and pantyhose are tied at the knees and also very briefly her delicate slit, from which a violent jet shoots. She looks at me speechless and almost incredulous, but obviously can't stop it. It is surely simply too necessary for that. With an "Oh, sorry!" I went straight out and went to the others. There I meant innocently: "Wow, Marie has an energy, she has to get rid of it during hockey later, right?" “She was probably under pressure.” Claudia replies. "Why pressure?" I do quite ignorantly. "Jeez men, she was under a huge pressure, which she obviously had to get rid of, and that was on the toilet."

"Do you think so?"

"Sure, she couldn't stand still anymore."

This created a wonderful discussion, especially between Ann and Claudia. "You, Marie just don't like going to other people's toilets. Certainly twice a week, therefore, it must be quite necessary. I can already see that from the kitchen window when she squeezes pinched to the door, and I always hear when she rings frantically. I call the pipial arm, because then she runs past me, throws the backpack into the corner and falls on the toilet."

"Oh, that's just the way it is with girls. I was no different before. And actually I still hate going today when I'm on the go."

"Yes, but with Marie it is often extremely urgent. Then she can no longer stand still at all and if it is no longer possible, the hand has to help to avoid an accident."

"What does the hand have to do with it? "Lutz now switches on. "Well, she has to keep up with her crotch if she can't suppress it any other way."

"Oh!"

"Yes honey, your daughter is just a girl." She just waits too long. " That too, but she's just not a boy, but has to keep her hole closed at some point. " Man arms. "Ann says.

“It's really bad when she comes home with the son of our neighbors Max once a week after the seventh hour. He is a year older and Marie obviously has a little crush on him. Anyway, the two of them usually speak a moment before Max goes on. From the kitchen I can watch them both. Marie has to do it almost urgently every time. She is then always very jittery and simply cannot hold still, although she is sure to suppress it as best she can. Because the worst thing for her, of course, would be if Max noticed that she had such a terrible pressure on the bladder. ”

“I can understand that, too,” interjects Ann. “Whenever there is too much pressure, she quickly goes behind the wall in the driveway. So Max only sees her from the chest. Then they lean against the wall with their arms opposite each other. That would be really sweet if Marie didn't prance in her misery at the same time. When it gets worse and she can't keep up with the fidgeting, she quickly takes a hand and clamps it between her legs. Then you bring that again for a few minutes. In any case, the whole thing ends when Marie can no longer hold it back. Then she storms into the house in a panic, as I said. "" Is it always going well? "" So she actually has hardly any real accidents, but when I do the laundry, her panties are often damp and sometimes really wet afterwards."

"Oh God, the poor!"

"Yes, I can even tell if you shoot a splash in your panties. Then she gets a very violent shower, is really shaken and bends extremely to push it back. "

“Or a group or a concert rehearsal by the orchestra is always dramatic. It is always in the 7th and 8th hour. Marie is always under high pressure. Most of the time, she can't sit still from the start. It's a mystery to me how she somehow always makes it home afterwards. Because if she initially only slides more or less on the chair, she will wiggle her legs more and more hectically later. Her skirt always slips up and she sits there in her pantyhose. And that's where the flutes are in the front row. If Marie knew that, she would surely stop playing the flute. At the end she pushes the flute into her lap as soon as her part is over. ”“ So that it stays warm. ”I ask unsuspectingly. "Oh Tom, nonsense. She presses the mouthpiece into the crotch to comply with it. And then in the car, she can actually only hold both between her legs with her hand. Then when I ask if she can still wait at home, she always gives me back "clearly no problem!"

It's often bad with hockey. Her restlessness is usually not so noticeable when she has to play and run. But sometimes the coach does technique training with the girls. Then everyone has to stand in a row and also with wide legs. The coach then goes from one to the other and corrects the technique. If Marie really needs to do this again, she will stand there with her legs crossed or step from foot to foot. In doing so, she hits a few balls completely uncontrolled and unfocused, as long as the trainer examines the others.

When she collects, she bounces back and forth, completely turned up. Later, with increasing pressure, she leans with her lap exactly on the hockey stick and finally she also clamps her hand here in the crotch. But only if she thinks nobody is looking at her. That always makes them so casual, so that it doesn't stand out. Then when the coach comes to her, I notice her despair. Then she stands with her feet next to each other and her knees pushed over each other. Of course, the trainer then exhorts them to stand really wide-legged. She clearly takes her feet apart shoulder-width apart, has extreme x-legs, presses the handle of the racket into her lap and shakes her whole body. Then she frantically shakes a few balls until the coach pulls off and bounces off immediately. She pretends to collect balls, but in fact she has to push it back with the wildest fidget.

But the worst thing is with the ballet. I always pick Marie up from school and often watch all the time because it is not worth driving home. Most of the time she is noticeably restless right from the start. But I gave up warning them to go to the toilet again. Don't do it anyway and certainly won't admit that she has to. In any case, she always taps too hard at the top dance. The ballet trainer is at least the only one who notices that Marie has to go. Then she asks Marie again and again, just why she is so restless. Later, when she gets more and more fidgety, she almost asks openly whether she needs to go to the toilet, which Marie, of course, vehemently denies. Even if the trainer openly asks her to briefly disappear. Sometimes dramatic dialogues take place, like "Marie, this is much too fast, what are you so restless about again?"

"Sorry!"

"And what are you trembling about?"

"I, eh, I'm a little cold anyway."

"What, it's rather too warm here. What do you have, hey?"

"Nothing, I, eh."

"Or do you have to?"

"What, eh?"

"Well, do you have to go to the toilet?"

"Nene, why?"

"Well, because that's the way it is looks. Quite necessary, right?"

"No, not at all!"

"Well, I can tell when one of my girls has to. Go quickly!"

"No, I really don't have to."

"You can't keep still, as urgent as it is. "No, really not." In order not to dance like that, she quickly grabs herself the jersey and tights at the waist and pulls both in the crotch. And then they always take pictures of the group. There may have been embarrassing pictures and videos. Towards the end the girls stretch on the bars. Marie has to spread her legs extremely. ”“ Oh God, ”Ann throws in. "How can she take it? Just the idea you have to be so incredible and then you should spread your legs so far. "" You can only do that by holding one hand in the crotch. Of course, her trainer noticed this at some point and asked her again: “Marie, heaven, you have to and how! You can't see that as you torture yourself there. You can hardly keep up. ”Well, somehow she always makes it to the end. But in the car she just fumbles around wildly.“

