Birthday Wetting

Author: YukiTana

*000*2016-08-18 05:24

My fiancee doesn't wet very often. She isn't very into wetting and since she loves at home and so do I, it's not something easily coordinated. But it's my birthday, today actually, and she wet for me! (a couple of days ago)

So her mom was at work and her step dad was too so I came over and we decided what she would wear. I decided that I wanted to see her wet long jeans because that way you get to see the full extent of the wetting. After drinking a 32oz cup of Dr. Pepper, not a sponsor, she was ready to go. I assume she hadn't gone since she woke up. Before the wetting though I wanted to teas her a little so we were laying down and I started to push on her bladder. I'm not really into desperation as much as the wetting but watching her squirm is just so enjoyable!

Next we went into the bathroom and she stood in the tub (less mess to clean up) and I got my camera out. Thankfully I had left one of my tripods there because I had forgotten one from home. So with the camera set up she began to wet herself. Her pee ran down the front of her pants beautifully and you can imagine how I reacted to that. Once finished she turned around once and then I helped her out of her wet pants and panties and we went on to "other things" after a quick clean up.

When it was all over, I was just happy to see her wetting. This is, I think, the second or third time I've seen her wet without being in a diaper or swimsuit so it was a real birthday treat!

