Who Says Community College is All Bad?

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2014-10-10 09:37

Haha, so here I am when I should be working on one of the two stories I have going (well, actually I should be sleeping, but since I'm up, I should be working on them), but I wanted to relay an interesting real-life close call I witnessed today at community college.

Now, if there's one thing you need to know about me, it's that I'm the kind of person who likes to keep to myself when I'm not showing off or rambling. Because of this, I have a seat near one of the edges of the room and aside from a few friends I talk to frequently, in this particular class I don't know many names and I rarely pay attention to faces.

Today, one of my friends hadn't come in, and as she normally sits next to me, I had a much clearer view of a particular girl with short brown hair sitting in the row ahead of us.

Wearing a blue jacket small enough to show off some curves and black pants that were so tight you'd think they were supposed to be leggings, she sat just far enough away that I could get somewhat of a side-angle view even though she was in the row in front of mine, but not too far away that I couldn't see her clearly.

Even from the beginning of class, she looked uncomfortable.

Not squirmy, per-say, in fact, at first my impression wasn't "she has to go to the bathroom" but instead "she looks irritated". I saw her hands move to her thighs once or twice, but not enough that it was obvious to me what was going on.

However, it was enough to get me curious, at least. After all, I have just recently become active on these forums and when you have something on your mind sometimes you can project what you want something to mean onto some innocuous action. A recipe for disappointment in most cases. I've learned not to take even the seemingly obvious signs of desperation at face value without at least considering the possibility that it's nothing of the sort.

Still throughout the class I cast glances her direction and it was only a matter of time before her need became more evident.

She had one hand between her legs, which were shaking quite noticeably, and her other hand resting on her stomach. Her jacket was open in the front and she was turned such a way that I could now make out her tight, white shirt and the very obvious bulge of a full bladder underneath.

I almost wanted to double-take to make sure I wasn't imagining things.

I checked the time. We had a good fifteen minutes of class left.

She was definitely trying to keep her need as discrete as possible, but assuming I was the only one who noticed her state by now, I highly doubted that would remain the case until the end of the period.

It looked like she was trying to juggle wanting to squirm and shake and dance around in her seat with trying to keep things discrete, for any time she made any sort of exaggerated movement, she would stop instantly and almost glance around to see if anyone was watching.

After ten minutes of alternating between listening to the lecture and watching this brown-haired girl squirm in her seat, I was starting to wonder if she would even make it. Surely, if she was on the verge of losing it, she'd get up and go, right? I mean, this wasn't high school anymore. A professor's permission wasn't needed to leave the classroom for things such as bathroom breaks, and I highly doubted the material was so compelling that she just didn't want to leave.

By the end of the class, she could barely keep still, let alone be discrete about her holding. She had both of her hands jammed between her legs and she was knocking her knees together and squirming as though she were at her limit. Of course, the second the professor released us, she had to take her hands away from her no-doubt strained pee-hole and try to fight off the flood with just her endurance as she packed up.

As I had to pack up as well or risk looking suspicious, I wasn't able to catch much of went on during this point, but likely it involved a lot of squirming.

Now, I am not a stalker and I don't encourage stalker-like behavior, but it just so happened that it took me longer to pack up than her (probably because she was in a rush), and I wound up behind her in the hallway.

Then something absolutely incredible happened.

Despite her obvious need in class, she walked right past the bathrooms.

I couldn't believe it. Had I just been imagining her needs this whole time?

Impossible. She was walking almost carefully yet quickly with one of her hands between her legs. Not something a person who didn't have to go to the bathroom would do at the risk of being seen.

But she didn't use the bathroom.

I shrugged it off and decided to go to the library. After all, I had some time between classes and I like the still quiet the library provides. The outlets to plug in my laptop charger doesn't hurt either. In my mind, the situation was already over.

However, the longer I walked behind the brown-haired girl, the more obvious her destination became.

She was going to the library as well.

There were bathrooms in the library, for sure, but why would she forgo the readily accessible bathrooms in the hallway to use the ones in the library?

The brown girl in front of me doubled over suddenly.

Was this it? Had she reached her limit?

I got a nice view as she jammed her hands between her legs. I could see her fingers grasping between her legs lightly from behind, and I was almost afraid I'd catch up with her and have to go around her to act casual.

She righted herself immediately and continued on with a more immediate urgency that had not been there before.

As I passed by the spot where she had stopped, I heard my shoe squeak as though it had gotten wet.

No way.

The girl in front of me looked back almost the second I looked down in confusion (a lucky break if I had ever caught one, otherwise she would've caught me looking at her) but I was able to look up fast enough to notice the bright red that had spread across her cheeks just as she turned back around.

That was exactly what I thought it was.

If her desperate actions hadn't clued me in already, her embarrassment after the fact would've been enough.

I hadn't just sat through an entire class watching a girl squirming around in desperation. I had watched her temporarily lose it and inadvertently stepped in the one or two drops that had escaped onto the floor.

Of course, as she was wearing pants, this must have meant that she had already been leaking. Even if she wasn't wearing panties, the spurt would've had to soak through the crotch of her pants for something like that to happen.

After a few more feet of hallway and a good yard or two across the campus from the classroom buildings to the library (with no more incidents, it seems), she had made her way to the library with me not too far behind. Since I always go to the library after class, it wasn't like I had gone out of my way to follow her. Even if she had noticed me and called me out on following her, I could always point out that this is my regular routine and since we came from the same class, such a thing would not be uncommon or out of place.

Luckily for me, she didn't seem to notice (likely due to her need). She wound up walking, or rather, hobbling, straight to the bathrooms as soon as she got in, and I was almost entirely certain I had seen the last of her for today for sure.

I made my way into the elevator to go up to the second floor. There were a nice array of study rooms on the second floor of the library, and more often than not I could find some of my friends up there. Even if they weren't, I could use one of the rooms to work quietly on some writing.

The doors to the elevator had just started closing when brown-hair girl came running over to the elevator with her hand still between her legs, waving at me silently to catch the doors.

Once she was in the elevator, she apologized and decided to explain the whole situation. I'm not sure if she noticed me watching her or thought I was following her, or if she just wanted to explain her current state, but she quickly explained to me that the bathrooms in the classroom building our previous class had been in were out of order. She had come here to use the bathrooms in the library, but seeing as she wasn't the first person to have that train of thought, there was something of a line in the bathroom.

The elevator, going up only one floor, didn't take long to arrive, to her it must have felt like ages. The second the doors opened she bolted out of the elevator and disappeared around the corner, making a mad dash to the second floor bathrooms. As I left the elevator, I noticed there were more than a few drops of what was very likely urine on the tiled floor where the brown-haired girl had just been standing.

That was the last of brown-haired girl I saw today (in the end, I still don't even know her name), but it was such an incredible and surprising experience that I knew I had to share it here.

*008*2014-10-11 18:50

The only time I would've been close enough to make out any wet spots was in the elevator, and the lighting was dim and I didn't want to stare, so I didn't see anything. Still, watching her squirming and trying not to lose it on our way up was enough of a treat.

