Wetting when pregnant (part 3)

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-08-06 16:01

Another one from my archive. Several incidents with preggos.

###

I deliver Pizza as a part time job to have some extra cash for the baby and I had a far away delivery but I thoguht i'd be okay, but the baby decided otherwise and i had to ask the customer if i could use her bathroom I was so relived she was nice i wouldn't even let her tip me.

08/01/1999

Hi everyone,

I can certainly attest to the validity of positive husband reactions ! When I was pregnant with out first child,

I experienced a lot of leaking and frequent urination.

This, for some reason, seemed to drive my husband into a sexual frenzy ! Our entire sex life was transformed from being good to utopia ! After our son was born, I have continued to have a few leaks and a couple of wetting accidents per week.

As embarrassing as they can be, it's certainly a small price to pay for the incredible reaction that it invokes from my husband. My doctor asked if

I was having any of these types of problems and

I told him yes. He told me to do more kegals and let him know. All I was thinking after I left was

"NO Way" !

Pam

Pam 08/20/1999

I woke up one morning in my eight month of pregnancy. I immediately noticed that the bed was wet, and I thought that my water had broke! But after checking, I realized that I had not gotten up during the night to use the bathroom and I had wet the bed!

S.W. 08/26/1999 my wife makes me get up in the middle of the night and goes to the bathroom with her, while she pees, i have to wait luke 08/30/1999

I work on a construction jobsite as a secretary. The job I was working on had just started and the plumbing had not been hooked up to the bathroom yet. The heat index outside was 105 and I was not about to use a

"port a potty" used by a bunch of men in that searing heat. My boss noticed that I needed to go really bed and told me to go across the street to the city's electric department and use their air conditioned facilities. After waiting for the receptionist to get off the phone, and getting lost in the back hallways

I finally made it! Relief never felt so good!

A Gray 09/01/1999

My funniest and most embarrassing pee story happened with my first (of three) pregnancies. A local company had run a competition over the radio and I was one of the lucky winners. It was only open to pregnant women and the prize was attending a preview of an upcoming movie followed by lunch. The preview was held at a small theatrette and we had tea or coffee before heading in. As you can imagine - 50 pregnant ladies - morning drinks - and a 2 hour movie resulted in many full bladders.

Most of us eagerly sought out the restroom as soon as the movie was over but being such a small theatrette there were only three stalls - two in the ladies and one in the mens which we invaded. I remember to this day all of us standing - or should that be dancing in line - some of us physically supporting our bladders with our hands. The girl in front of me was really desperate and I wasn't much better when suddenly 'babe' chose that moment to kick my bladder and I wet my pants. Once I started I couldn't stop and my puddle spread all over the floor.

The sight or sound of me peeing must have been too much for the girl in front because she also peed herself.

God I was so embarrassed, and I was wearing stretchy pants so there was no way of hiding it. I can laugh now but at the time - my face must have been so red.

Gillian 09/11/1999

Gillian's story reminds me of a similar time, not at a movie, but at a baby shower. I was about 6 months pregnant, and there was another girl there, also about the same. During the festivities (held outside, it was summer)I really had to pee, but going inside meant walking across the lawn, and I was having a good time.

Apparently the other girl felt the same way. Nothing out of the ordinary, except that after a while I felt I had really better attend to nature's call. Coincidentally, the other girl did also. Well, it was a small house with only one toilet, and the girl who was having the shower had a younger brother who was taking a shower in the o nly bathroom. I was dancing around, not quite knowing what to do, and the other girl came in. She was more forceful, and knocked on the door. The guy, about 16, said he's be out in a minute, but my baby turned and the pressure was just too much. Almost without warning I was soaking my pants and making a puddle inthe hallway.

I was really embarrassed, but it seem the power of suggestion or who knows what was too much for the other girl, and she completely wet her pants, too. She looked as embarrassed as I felt, and of course as we were both standing there in puddles finish peeing (and wetting our pants) the boy walks out to see us. He just stares in disbelief: two grown pregnant women just finishing peeing in their pants. He stops, looks at us, freezes, and then leaves quickly, saying nothing. We had both to go the the hostess in wet pants (and literally everyone saw us), and she got us some dry clothes. God, it was embarrassing.

Astrid 09/11/1999

My husband and I were in Target shopping when all of the sudden I sneezed. Sure enough I did what any normal pregnant woman would do,

I wet my pants.

LTVM 09/24/1999

Watch out for those sneezes! A few weeks ago as I sat in church I was starting to have to pee really bad but didn't want to walk out because that would be embarrassing as everyone would know where I was going.(I'm seven months along) Finally church was finished and I was going to race for the ladies room but my friend stopped me before I got there so I figured I could talk for a little while first. After a few minutes I suddenly felt a big sneeze coming on.

Normally I clench my legs together which helps me keep from leaking or at least helps me not leak as much. But

I didn't want to do that with all the people around and it would be too obvious I was trying to keep from wetting myself, so I just relied on my bladder. I sneezed hard and immediatly started wetting. But instead of a little spurt once I started I couldn't stop because I had to go so bad. Fortunatly I wore a dress that morning so no one really seemed to notice the stream going down my legs. I headed straight home and decided that in the future I had better be more careful! I would have died with embarrassment if others saw what I did!

Kara 09/25/1999 watch out for coughing too!!!! the only time that I wet myself during my pregnancy was when I had a hacking cough....cough mixtures were off- limits...so I just had to put up with it!!! about half a dozen times I had a coughing fit, and leaked in my panties at the same time!!!....mind you ...only once was a major flood, but I still got pretty wet each time. anyone have a good cough remedy that is safe in pregnancy?? lindsey 09/28/1999

Once I was at a meeting at work and I had to go to the bathroom quite badly but I told myself that I can hold it in for 30 more minutes. When there was only 5 minutes left my boss told me to stand up and tell them about how I feel about something. So i stood up and started talking then my baby kicked me and I just couldn't hold it any longer and started wetting myself.

The most embarrassing part is that I screamed and cried because it was so embarrassing and that I had never wetted myself since I was a baby. And everyone was looking at me and it took me 2 minutes to stop peeing and then I just ran out to the bathroom and cried. 2 days later I wetted the bed me and my husband were sharing and I didn't even wake up until the morning when my husband woke me and asked me if i were all right and I was like of course then he said that I wetted the bed and I looked down and saw that the whole mattress is wet and I got up to go to the bathroom and when i stood up I started peeing my pants and my husband just stared at me as I ran to the bathroom.

Katie 09/29/1999

During the first trimester of my first pregnancy, it seemed like I urinated every

40 mins. I will never forget the time I was on my way home from Grad school and I was stopped by a State Trooper. He asked me why I was in such a hurry and I explained to him that I was pregnant and really had to get to a bathroom FAST!! He was a father and totally understood about my condition.

He chuckled and sent me on my way with a verbal warning to slow down.

2 on the way 09/30/1999

Just read "2 on the way". Guess you were lucky.

When I was pregnant with my first (I have two) I was also stopped for speeding, probably I was going 15 over the limit on the highway. I was desperate to pee, and not very visably pregnant, just over 4 months, but boy did those four months make me need the toilet badly, a lot and all of a sudden. I had been driving looking for a place to pull off, with no luck. I got stopped by a cop as I was pulling off to an exit, and I was so desperate and afraid I'd wet myself that I was driving holding myself. He stopped me, I told him, like y ou did, that I was pregnant and trying to find a toilet since I was

"desperate". He smiled, but I think he didn't believe me. He wrote a ticket, which took probably 5 or ten minutes, and by the time he finished I had completely wet my pants, which he saw since while he was sitting in his car writing, I got out and just stood at the side of my car soaking myself. I decided that if I couldn't stop it at least I didn't need to make the car all wet. I wa so embarrassed, and felt really stupid standing at the side of the road like a little kid wetting my jeans. The cop did apologise, but said speeding is speeding.

I wonder how many times cops have seen situations like this.

Diane 09/30/1999

Hi girls! Just read your tales of woe, and I can

(almost) relate. I'm 22 weeks along with my first, and

I just had my first ultrasound a few weeks ago. When I booked the appointment I was told to be at be at the local clinic at 3:00pm sharp for the scan. In accordance with the nurse's instructions, I drank my 4 cups of water an hour beforehand. My dh had to take time off of work to drive me there, which was a good thing. By the time he got home, I was pacing the driveway in anticipation. And not just from nerves, as some of you know all too well.

Since the appointment was for 3:00, we were forced to contend with rush hour traffic (what was I thinking when I agreed to that time??). Not only was the traffic slow to say the least, but we seemed to hit every red light. If you don't believe me, the passenger side door handle still has the finger nail marks to prove it! If I had been driving, some innocent pedestrians might not be here today. Despite all of the seemingly endless delays, we made it to the clinic only 10 minutes late.

Thankfully, the receptionist held my spot open for me and we were able to go right in to the exam room. In my condition, maybe barge right in would be a better word. Oddly enough, I was not told that I was "too full", which I've heard can happen. Try telling that to me at the time, though. Anywho, after a routine scan that seemed to take hours, I finally was allowed to relieve myself. Too bad I was pregnant, it felt so good I needed a cigarette. Even though the pictures were wonderful to see, I don't ever want to go through this again. Can anyone else relate to this?

Jenna 10/02/1999

I was on a road trip with my husband.

Needless to say, I had to use the rest areas frequently. No sooner did we pull back on the highway, I would have the urge to go again.

On the way home we bought a child's portable potty with collapsable legs. It was discreet, functional, and such a relief!!!

Laura 10/06/1999

Once I was at a broadway theater. By the time intermission rolled around I had to pee so bad I thought I would not make it. I ran as best I could to the ladies rooms only to find a long line, for the mens as well. Judging by the crossed legs, shifting feet and grimmising faces already on line, there was no way I could cut ahead. So I stood there, having to pee so bad I was litterly jumping up a down a holding myself to keep from wetting my pants. The sheer agony and fear of god I was in forced me to start to cry. I began having painful flashbacks to when I was little, with my mother. Desperatly having to pee and in sheer terror of wetting my pants in front of her. Anyway, after another 5-10 minetes of practicaly doing a stip dance on the line, I got to the stall just in time. It felt so good I let out a sigh that was louder than my pee hiting the toilet bowl.It was the most distressing and painful day in my life.

Now that my child is 3, I have been very paitnet and tolernt of her accidents when she has to go real bad.

Julie 10/06/1999

I was about two weeks pregnant with my second child. I was peeing almonst every hour. I was drving home from my parents, about a two hour drive with my 3 year old asleep in the back.

I had to go so badly when I reached the rest stop. I woke up sally and said come with mommy. I must have looked real funny, doing a real desperation walk while holding a child.

I got into the ladies when sally said she had to go real bad too. I was on the verge of wetting my pants but remembered the golden

(parden the pun) rule. The child goes first, no matter what!. She still needed my help at the time. So I franticaly got her pants down and put on on the seat while I stoop there legs crossed, hands in my thighs trying to be as composed as possible in front of Sally. It was sheer torture seeing her pee, while I held on for dear life. She was done and before she could even wipe I lifted her off the seat and riped my slacks and pantiens down and let it go. I will never forget the look on her face, seeing so much pee comming out of a full grown women. Other women have told me simular stories of being out with a toddler and your both desperate and feel you can't wait. I wish more toilet trainning books would deal with this subject. Who goes first?

Karen 10/06/1999

We were visiting my husbands parents last week; sleeping in their spare bedroom. Around 3 am I awoke just as my bulging bladder was starting to release. As a flashback of two nights earlier (when I flooded our own bed) hit me I quickly grabbed myself, tightly crossed my legs, and squeezed myself with all I had. Although my gown was a little wet I saved the bed and the embaresment that would have been in the morning; major relief. But then as I started to get up for the dash to the bathroom the pee just started running out and no matter what, I couldn't stop it. As the horror raced through my mind I quickly pushed my finger up inside myself and over my pee-hole, which seemed to again stop the flood but hurt real bad. I was not going to pee in their bed or on their floor and with my finger pressing real hard there

I quickly waddled across the room to the bathroom and made it onto the toilet where I then released it. The force was so great that before my hand was all out of the way it was soaked, with some splashing on the seat and the floor, but that tile was easy to wipe clean. Has anyone else ever held it that way?

Sue 10/06/1999

I live in NYC and pregnant for the first time. I am 35 years old and except for a few beer parties in college,

I have never come close to wetting my pants in my adult life. In fact, I could not even remember what it felt like to have to pee real bad, until now. I was comming home on the subway from work. I had lunch in chinatown and bought some herbal decaf tea. I had about 3 cups that afternoon. As I waited for the train I felt the need to go, but not to bad.I was on the train for not too long when the urge came on with a vengance, I never felt it like that before. Like a needle was trying to sew its way out of me. I sat there, legs crossed and holding myself under my coat. By the time I reahced my stop I had to go so bad I was in tears, but determened to make it home. Ever since was little, I noticed that

"grown ups" did not wet their pants, no matter how bad they had to pee. I ran up to the steeet and headed home about 5 blcoks. I got about 1 block and felt I could just could not hold it in. It was the most helpless feeling in my life. I started to head for the closest store but lost control before I could get to the door.

I wore a long black coat so no one noticed. When I got home my husband saw me with soaked pants and I was crying, he thought my water had broke. Anyone else have it like this on mass transit?

Beth 10/07/1999

