Life in Delhi

Author: Oasis95

*000*2017-12-25 12:18

A little Christmas present to spread the holiday cheer :p

It happened as I was standing in the balcony of my apartment smoking a cigarette. The sun was about to set and just for a moment the sky was having its own light-show. The red hued sky could make you almost forget about the usual winter haze. For once even the sky over Delhi could trick you into thinking it was just about beautiful. I was pondering over these thoughts as I lazily blew out smoke rings when the bell rang. My flatmates weren't in town and I wasn't expecting anyone. I went to open the door and was completely taken aback by who I found standing outside.

My apartment shared the top floor of our building with another flat where there lived a fairly young couple with their 2 or 3 year old girl. As they stayed right across the hallway from us our balconies were adjacent to each other. This meant that it wasn't particularly hard (or remarkable) that people living in either flat could be in their balconies at the same time. As a result I recognized my next-door neighbors pretty well (unlike the rowdy guys who lived on the floor below us). There was another especially good reason for me to recognize my neighbors. The wife was very pretty. Taller than the average Indian woman and quite fair, she had a quiet dignity about her.

I'd often see her going about her tasks like hanging clothes on the balcony or sometimes just relaxing on a lawn-chair soaking up the warm afternoon sun. What truly struck were her eyes. I sensed a sharp wit and a deep intelligence whenever I saw her eyes, while glancing surreptitiously across at her from my balcony. For her part she had rarely seemed to show any interest in the three University boys living next to her. Her sharp features and the slight accent with which she spoke Hindi, which I overheard when she spoke on the phone in her balcony, told me she must hail from the mountain states in the northern part of India. In almost three years that I had been living in my apartment I had never spoken to her, or knew her name for that matter. And there she stood on that day, right outside my door with a look of consternation on her face.

My immediate reaction was to almost sigh. This could only be a bad thing. Why? Let me explain.

I live in a neighborhood which adjoins the vast campus of Delhi University which is where I attend grad-school. Being the largest University in terms of student population (over 200,000) in a country with a legendary population like India means that University hostels and dorms simply cannot accommodate all students. Hence, older students like myself tend to live in rented apartments and the like in the neighborhoods adjoining campus. This turns these areas into virtual 'University Towns' with students from all over the country (and occasionally from outside the country living in close proximity to the 'locals').

This makes for a right old mess when large groups of young people speaking all sorts of languages and coming from all sorts of cultural backgrounds have to be neighbors with mostly middle aged conservative local people. (India is ridiculously diverse for eg. between my 2 flatmates and myself we speak at least 6 languages...2 of which English and Hindi we have in common.) What I'm trying to get at is that if there is a 28-29 year old young mother knocking on a student apartment's door...it's most likely a noise complaint or accusing us of ruining their impressionable children with our unrestrained hedonism (more on that later).

Hence when I saw the cute neighbor lady standing at my doorstep, someone who hadn't earlier deigned to get introduced...well you get my hesitation. But my expectations were quickly turned on their heads. She had an almost pained expression on her face and I quickly observed a bead of sweat running down the delicate stretch of her neck that I could see over her black turtleneck sweater. Sweating? In Delhi? During the peak of winter with the mercury just a few degrees above freezing?

By now she had started to speak in a bit of a stammer. "Uh...Hi...I'm Anuradha, I live across the hallway..I-I...w-was wondering if you c-could let me u-use your...uh...bathroom."

Needless to say for a person like me, who hangs around a site like this...yours truly momentarily froze. I couldn't seem to immediately process what I was witnessing. But before I could say anything she suddenly grabbed the crotch of her jeans and imploringly looked at me and almost half-whispered "P-Please...it's an e-emergency!"

This really was code-red territory. A middle-class, young, married Indian woman clutching her privates in front of a strange man??...the metaphoric shit had hit the fan people; and what a fan I was. I immediately swung into gentleman mode and blurted out "Yes...absolutely...please come in!"

She quickly walked into my lobby with mincing steps and throwing all caution to the wind began dashing for the bathroom without being able to wait to take off her boots (in any Indian house a big eyebrow-raiser...not that i was complaining) and now with both her hands buried between her legs. It was all to no avail.

She had barely taken a few steps in when I saw the tell-tale dark patch begin to spread across the back of her jeans. A stream of urine proceeded to darken the curve made by the tight jeans hugging her sumptuous butt and before long rivulets of piss were streaming down her legs. She had stopped...the struggle with her overfull bladder finally lost and her back towards me. She stood stock still for another few minutes as she proceeded to helplessly urinate in her pants. She kept peeing for more than a minute and seemed to be stifle what I took to be a moan of ecstatic relief. 

Already having a handful with a young kid I wondered how long she had been holding back the urge...until it got irresistible. And this is what it came to. A young mom in my living room, a legs crossed and her hands jammed and jerking her vagina as her pee continued to erupt out of her. Her body had taken her for quite a ride. Mom or not when nature calls and your nether slit starts leaking...but I'm getting away with myself. Sorry.

She then turned around. I noticed her eyes were starting to tear up and then her breasts heaved under her sweater (their shape even more irresistible accentuated by her sweater as they were) as a sigh shuddered through her. She was blushing deep red. "I-I-I'm so...so very...sorry..I don't know wha-"

"Don't worry about it. It's completely alright. I've seen worse." I cut her off and gave an encouraging smile. Older than me though she was (I'm still in my early twenties) I could see that it was time to take control of the situation. "Why don't you go into the bathroom and get cleaned up and get rid of those wet clothes? Let me take care of the puddle."

"Are you sure?"

"Absolutely. It's a damn sight better than having to clean up after my drunk friends." She seemed to flash a slight smile at this attempt at humor. She walked into the bathroom and I got to work cleaning up her massive puddle with a mop from the kitchen. She must've been holding a lot by the looks of the amount of pee on the floor. Just as I was done cleaning the puddle away I heard her call out from the bathroom "Excuse me...er.."

Oh yeah...she didn't know my name. "It's Vikram" I said as I walked up to the bathroom door. She had kept it slightly ajar and I caught a glimpse of deliciously slender, milk-white thighs flash behind the edge of the door as she positioned herself to lean so as to cover her lower body behind the door. "Right...Vikram, I was hoping you could do me another favor, as helpful as you've been...and I'm really embarrassed to ask this but seeing as how we've had quite an unusual introduction as it is..." she gave a weak laugh at this "I was hoping you could lend me a pair of jeans. As close in appearance to the ones I was wearing a moment ago. It's my kid you see. My little girl is waiting in the car downstairs and the sight of her mom having completely wet herself might not hold well with our current efforts at toilet training her."

"Sure no problem...though my jeans might be a bit big for you." She was about 5 ft 6'' which is still tall for an Indian woman, but I'm well over 6 ft."Well it'll have to do for now" she said.

A moment later, as if my underwear needed anymore tests of it's tensile strength, she was standing in my bedroom in her sweater with a towel wrapped around her waist (which still came up above her knees) while I rummaged through pairs of jeans. Just as I found one I thought would work I heard a slight gasp from behind me and I whirled around and the bottom seemed to drop out of my stomach.

In her haste to get a peek over my shoulder at her replacement pants, the knot of her towel (well the one she borrowed from me) had loosened. Now the towel lay at her feet. But Anuradha proved to have pretty quick reflexes.

I found her standing hunched slightly forward and with her hands pulling down her sweater to somehow cover her sex. Her legs of course were a treat in themselves. White and slender with the tautness of a regular jogger. Was that a flash of pubic hair I had glimpsed as she covered her holiest of holy parts? Her legs were waxed smooth but in the subdued lighting of my room I thought I saw a faint line of down near her inner thighs. I quickly broke my stare and not knowing what to do tried to grin like a blithering idiot. Anuradha beat me to it though as she gave me a strange smile and said "Just when you thought this evening couldn't get anymore awkward yeah?"

I had to burst out laughing at that. "Hey I'm a 23 year old guy, you won''t find me complaining." We both laughed. I turned around as she slipped on my jeans.

She headed for the door and thanked me profusely all the way, even holding my hand briefly. As she was exiting the door I said "As awkward as first introductions go I think we're parting on a good footing. It truly was a pleasure to meet you." She smiled back genially and said "Same here. You've been very kind and please do not bother about the wet clothes in your bathroom. I'll creep back to your place later tonight and take them away for washing after I've put my little one to bed. My husband is out of town so I believe I can restrict the news of this incident to just us?"

Absolutely. She said goodbye and headed down to fetch her daughter....and reminded me that her soaked panties were right now in my bathroom.

I closed the door let out quite the whistle and patted my penis back to sleep. I wondered how my next meeting with her later in the night would go. I had admired her from a distance but she had only been a mere passing fancy. A nice view from my balcony. I wondered how our acquaintance might play out. I was definitely looking forward to the night.

This incident happened about a year back and I have become fast friends with Anuradha since. I hope to continue telling you people about many more such incidents (a common occurrence for Anuradha in particular) and in a way give you a glimpse into life around here (thrown in with quite a bit of the omorashi I have witnessed ever since I've been college and uni since the last 5 years+)

Please do let me know feedback and I hope to share more such experiences here :)

