Bad principal, bad student

Author: Jaylah

*000*2017-01-07 12:15

January 6th, 2017

Today my hubby and I decided to role play ^^'

I had on a red pleated school girl skirt, it was short, with a white top tied below my breasts, red lace push up bra with matching v-string, white pantyhose and my hair was braided. I was sitting in "class" when the "horn" (phone alarm) went off. The principal came in, Mr. Warden.

"Do you know why your in detention? Ms. Jaylah" he asked.

"No sir,.." I lied.

"Skipping school, failing your test, and being caught using your phone when your supposed to be using the ladies room" he reminded me.

"Okay? I'm sorry.." I sighed.

I raised my hand.

"Yes?" He said looking at me up from his desk.

" can I go pee? I really need to go...sir" I asked quietly.

"So you can play with your phone? No!" He said firmly.

"Please!!" I begged.

He stood up and told me to put my head on my desk and think about what you've done" he ordered, sitting back down.

My legs were shaking, I let out quiet whimpering sounds.

I heard him get up and come to the desk.

"Quit faking it, I'm not letting you go," he said annoyed.

"Please sir ..." I "cried"

"I'll tell you what, I'll call your bluff, you down this litre of Ice tea right now, and I'll let you use the bathroom if you give me your phone" he said, handing me a pop bottle.

"Down the latch" he insisted.

I stood up and my legs were quivering, I couldn't take much more, but maybe if I'm fast enough...I can make it?.

I opened the cap and put the pop bottle to my lips and began to drink it.

"Faster" he said watching.

I chugged back all I could, my bladder was failing me, it was gonna let it all out.

I dropped the rest of the ice tea and tried to bolt towards the girls room. He grabbed my arm and this time I couldn't hold it, pee began to leak out, I trembled at my knees and kinda bounced up and down.

"PLEASE!!!" I begged him, pressing my hand into the crotch of my skirt, trying to hold on as his grip tightened.

"I'm not convinced" he said coldly.

I felt pee rapidly rush out and ran down my leg. I began to "sob".

Pee was getting into my shoe and I pressed harder and tried harder to get free. I closed my eyes.

"Dear god!" I screamed out as suddenly it came rushing out with no control. I broke free only to hold myself with both hands.

The front of my legs shined from the pee, the front of my skirt was drenched.

I fell to my knees "crying"

"I'm..im a mess!" I sobbed loudly.

"You definitely made one" he said.

"Now I have to pay the cleaning crew over time, now I'm angry, perhaps I should suspend you" he growled at me.

"No! Please!" I begged

"My dad will kill me!! I'll do anything!!" I pleaded

"Anything?" He looked At me up and down.

"Anything..please, I'll fess, I texted instead of using the bathroom ..." I started to say.

"A confession is nice, but I'm wanting something else" he admitted.

"S-something else?" I wondered

He pulled out his man hood.

"I want you to make this mess worth my trouble, now I want you to open your mouth"

"But ..." I started shaking my head.

"Or, I can suspend you, pending expellion" he added.

I opened my mouth and put my lips around the tip of his member. I looked up at him.

"Like a lollipop" he instructed.

I started to suck him gently, I put my hand on his shaft and started to blow him nicely.

"Good girl, keep going" he said enjoying himself.

I felt him jerk in my mouth so I stopped.

"Please, no more " I tried to reason.

"Finish me" he ordered.

I put his raging manhood back in my mouth. I kept sucking as he climaxed . I could feel some roll down my chin, as I struggled to swallow it all.

" that was amazing" he moaned out pulling out of my mouth.

"Can I go now?" I asked wiping my mouth

"You served half your detection, soon you'll serve the last part of it" he said tossing me another icetea.

"We will try this again, this time the whole thing without making a mess"

I drank the icetea, until it was done, then he tossed me the mostly finished bottle and made me drink that too. I feel the need to pee sneak up on me.

"I want you to stand and turn around" he ordered.

I did as he asked, only for him to grab my butt and press me against the desk. I felt his hands on my breasts. I tried moving his hands.

"Principal warden!!" I protested only to find his hand over my mouth telling me to "shh"

He bent me over and slapped my butt hard. I bit my lip. He slapped again.

"I'm going to take you, your mine" he whispered.

(I'll be honest,I almost broke out of role play for him to take me, I was very very turned on)

"I'm a virgin!" I yelped in defense

"Was" he corrected as I felt him wrestle me to the ground. He began to rub me hard through my skirt where I began to pee again. I struggled and squirmed but he was to much, he had me on my stomach and was in top of me. I felt the feel pool and my stomach got soaked fast.

"Get off me!!" I cried out.

He turned me around and I felt him pull down my pantyhose and moved aside my thong covering. I felt him go in me. Oh god!!! I screamed as he began having his way. He kept pumping and covered my mouth. I started to breath heavy and hard, I felt him raging. (I was waiting for this for a long time it feels ^^') I arched my back and stretched my arms out, he grabbed my wrists and continued. I climaxed and screamed loudly, and he kept going and I climaxed yet again.

He pulled out to get something. I tried to catch my breath but soon myself rolled over and he was lifting my butt up. He tore my pantyhose and I felt him lubricate me back there.

"I hope your ready to learn" he said as he slowly started to take me back there as he covered my mouth. He pumped himself a few times slow but hard and I could feel him. He had what I felt was a huge orgasm. After he was done he pulled free and I laid motionless. (It was discussed prior, he's shy about it).

"I've learned"

*004*2017-01-08 00:48

{{3 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Lucky girl!

}}

My hubby is good to me, so I'm good to him, especially in the "bedroom" ^^'

*005*2017-01-08 00:49

{{2 hours ago, moiamigo said:

The white pantyhose are a nice touch! Wonderful again!

}}

I was torn between black or white, so I asked my hubby and he said white lol

*006*2017-01-08 00:50

{{3 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Like a lolipop! Super hot!

}}

I didn't know what else to put lol

*008*2017-01-08 01:31

I was a bad bad girl and got busted lol, I love when he instructs me (irl) it's very hot for me

*009*2017-01-08 01:41

{{19 minutes ago, satyr said:

Fits very well with the image of a young, innocent naif getting taught how to suck a man off. Super hot story!

}}

Since I've been pregnant ive been liking the taste of my hubby's orgasm, I like the feel and the texture, I get turned on a lot just pleasing him. I'm glad he has a high leveled sex drive lol ^^' or id be horny all the time

*010*2017-01-08 01:42

{{9 minutes ago, Jaylah said:

Since I've been pregnant ive been liking the taste of my hubby's orgasm, I like the feel and the texture, I get turned on a lot just pleasing him. I'm glad he has a high leveled sex drive lol ^^' or id be horny all the time

}}

My hubby's r/p name is mr warden ^^' a rapist lol and I'm some how the rapee

