Peed my pants while tech supporting a friend!

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2017-06-19 17:28

Hi everyone! It's me, Kozmo. Its been awhile since I've written anything here or done any lottos, I've been having a weird go of it in life lately. For example, I just moved away from my home I grew up in, into the city! New apartment, new life, still getting the hang of it (I've lived here a little over a week now) but I think I'm doing okay. The long and short of it is, I've been busy like I've never been busy before. Almost as if fate was detecting the negligence in omorashi activities to share with you all, I had an...incident, the other day. Right here in my new apartment, no less, so it could be considered a christening.

Also, it's been awhile, so I might have a fair amount of new readers! Hi, I'm KozmoFox, things happen to me a lot and I write about them here. I occasionally put on fun lottery games to allow some lucky winner to pick the next omorashi scenario I deliberately put myself in so I can write about it here.

Obligatory description phase!

I don't change much :P. I'm in the upper-mid 5ft range and too lazy to measure myself exactly, and I fluctuate between like 100-110 pounds. Yes yes, I know, too skinny. I've been doing workouts to try and build some actual muscle mass, but not too much, I like being really lean and thin, I just don't like being called a twig like its an insult :(. I'm 22 years old as of last wednesday. Long dark hair, a nose stud, and several tattoos ranging in areas from my chest and collarbone areas, wrists, back, and ankles. Not telling what they are! They are super identifiable and I'm not looking for stalkers. I'm also as pale as a snowy winter day.

On this particular day I was wearing a black star wars T-shirt, grey pajama pants that kind of looked like sweatpants, a pair of white panties, and a pair of super aesthetic black socks with rainbow stripes.

Now to tell you about my day! It was a day just like any other in my new apartment, essentially just sitting around playing video games all day. It was warm, and I was having a lot to drink. Like, a LOT. Mainly because for some weird reason, I had a headache and I was out of Tylenol but drinking cold water was making the headache a lot more tolerable. I'm no doctor, but if it works I keep doing this. Eventually, as logic dictates, I needed to pee. Because you know, that's what happens. I didn't INTEND to do a hold that day but fate had other plans in store for me, as when I reached the squirming-and-about-to-leak stage after refilling the pitcher I had at my desk, I moved to get up again so I could use the bathroom....BUT. I received a call on Discord.

Meet Kaylee. Kaylee is getting into the PC gaming scene. However, her PC is a toaster. However x2, she doesn't know the first thing about basic computer operation. Kaylee bought CS:GO. Kaylee tried to change her resolution low when her monitor is actually a 16:9 TV and had no idea why her screen was suddenly black when she tried to play the game.

Meet me. The poor sucker that was about to get sucked into tech support duty.

You see, this wasn't as simple as telling her what folder her config file was in. This is like, your grandparents level of needing tech support. I also didn't know where it was by default given I'm not a big CS:GO player, so it was bound to be an adventure.

"Kaylee I'll help you, but I've REALLY gotta pee, I'll be right back."

"No no! This will only take a few seconds and I wanna play :("

You see friends, what you have right there is an excuse for an omo-fanatic to torture themselves. A normal person would have told Kaylee to fuck off for 20 seconds. I just took a sip of my water to ease my head pain and said "Fine."

First I got her to screenshare so I could see her screen. I could see CS:GO but she couldn't, because it was her tv not supporting the resolution that was the problem, not the system. For about 10 minutes I tried to guide her mouse. Wasn't working. By the end of that I was sitting on my heel, rocking back and forth in my rocking chair gritting my teeth. I was slightly irritable from the growing pressure in my bladder and far too impatient for something so meticulous. Around this time I might have brought up my situation in the site chat. I finished my glass of water, and poured another. Counter-intuitive to holding it in until we were finished the call, yes, but my head hurt and the water helped. But god I had to pee.

Next step was to try and find the config folder that every game on earth has. But lo and behold, couldn't find one in the general location. Her steam wasn't in her program files.

"Where did you install Steam?"

"I dunno. :D"

I was so frustrated I leaked. That's not even an exaggeration, the eyeroll at the ceiling and the distraught groan took enough off my senses that I felt my panties grow warm. Like a flash I had my hand between my legs, and feeling it against my fingers was enough to tell me it had made it through to the pants. I wiped my fingers off on my knee, but went back to pressing the heel of my hand against my crotch while rocking in my chair. At this point I was literally sweating from the effort of holding it in, once or twice using my right hand to wipe off my forehead while holding myself with my left. The feeling in my bladder was ridiculous, and I could feel the muscles in my pelvic floor wavering, LITERALLY wavering like when you're holding something heavy and your arms start to shake. I had no choice but to battle through it.

"Kaylee, listen I need to go to the bathroom like right now so I'll be ba..."

"Nooo! One more second we just need to find the file right? And change it and we'll be done."

Fast forward a few more agonizing minutes, and I find her steam is installed to her desktop.

Her DESKTOP. It was a mess. I'm pretty sure some things were outright missing. It was like looking at a massacre. A literal massacre. I was so frustrated I could scream, and I needed to pee so fucking BADLY I could cry. Frantically looking around her desktop for the thing I was looking for, my entire body tensed up, and I could feel my bladder tightening and tightening trying to let something out. You know the feeling I mean, where you literally lock down as hard as possible just tensing, and your bladder is fighting back against you to force it out, and more often than not manages to leak it out? That happened to me and I quickly shut my mic off momentarily as I loudly groaned in protest, feeling a sizable leak painfully force its way out of me and into my pants. Looking down, I saw the grey darken, and could feel a bit of warmth pooling in my underwear and pants around my rear end. I clutched myself with both hands and waited for the wave to pass.

Then it hit me like a freight train, how stupid I was. I told her to open Steam, right click CSGO, go to properties and go to local files. I was so distracted by needing to piss like a racehorse that I forgot the easiest solution on earth. I had her go to the cfg folder and start clicking around. I was on the brink, I needed to have this done now or never. Bouncing up and down in my chair I started getting mad, none of the cfg files that were there had graphic and video settings. It dawned on me dreadfully. These were all for control settings. All of them. And my bladder was seconds away from giving out, I could feel it tensing up again ready to spill and I knew I wouldn't be able to properly fight it this time.

"Kaylee I'll be rig--"

"But--"

"Kaylee I'm about to piss my fucking pa--"

I clicked my mic off, tossing my headset aside and shooting up before I could finish my sentence. I couldn't hold it. I COULDN'T hold it. I make a lot of noise when trying to hold it, so I switched my mic off in advance of the self begging.

"Oh god fuck fuck noplease fuck no"

It started to force its way out. Through me, through my panties, through my pants, into my fingers. I slapped a hand over my mouth as I started violently moaning and lurching, bouncing and trying to hold it back. It didn't help, it just made it worse. The leak became a stream that almost hurt to try and stop, and I could feel my pants quickly growing warm and sopping. Realizing my chair was fabric, I jumped out and landed on my floor, on my knees. One hand gripping my desk, one hand on the floor, both keeping me upright. Upon hitting the floor, my bladder DROPPED and I full on exploded. I tried to fight it, but I couldn't, it was like unscrewing the cap on a firehydrant. PSSSSSSSH. My pajamas were soaked in seconds, and I had a huge puddle expanding underneath me at a rate that it might as well have been my own personal tsunami. I continually shuddered and lurched and loudly moaned (I'm very vocal when I lose it) until I was empty.

Eventually I managed to get upright, wiping my hand that was overtaken by the lake on the front of my absolutely destroyed pants; I had managed to soak them completely, front and back, as is usually the case with me. It was hard to find a dry spot. Cleaning this up would end up sopping an entire towel. I put my headset back on and told Kaylee that I had to suddenly leave anyway because I had to rush across the apartment to answer my phone. I stayed kneeling in my pee puddle and soaked pants until I had solved her issue. The CSGO graphics cfg is in userdata, not the install folder. I was so goddamn angry. So. Goddamn. Angry. Had her change the resolution to 1600x900 and all was good.

"Okay [Name Redacted], sorry for being so impatient and keeping you here and bothering you so much! You can go pee now!"

"Oh don't worry I did all that when I went to go get the phone."

"Kay! Talk to you later!"

And that was that. I cleaned up the mess, tossed my pj's in the clothes basket, and watched some JoJo's after taking care of various other needs, like [redacted] and food.

I hope you all enjoyed! Thank you for reading! Feel free to drop a comment or send me a message or whatever, I love you all! <3

If you're new to the Kozmoverse and you liked this post enough that you're like "Aw gosh darn gee willikers, I wish there was more!" then you're in luck, because this stuff happens to me a decent bit often. Here are other experiences I've had and written about:

Trying to number them chronologically in brackets

Wet myself looking for a bathroom at a club!

Wet myself while gaming (And nearly got caught!) (Third?)

Peed my Pants While Doing Photography (And possibly trespassing)

Two Wettings the Night Before Christmas.

Wet myself outside of the bathroom (This one was the first)

Peed my Pants in a Haunted Maze! (Fifth?)

Pissed myself while drunk at a friend's apartment! (My second experience I posted I think?)

Wet myself at the University (Gonna guess the fourth)

Don't remember the order of the ones not numbered. After all those people were liking my writing so much I started literally putting myself into omorashi situations at request, just so I could write more instead of waiting to have an unintentional accident. Thus spawned the Kozmo-Lotto, where people would roll a d100 and whomever had the closest number to a secret number I myself had rolled by the end of the week would get to choose an omorashi scenario for me to put myself into, which I would write about afterwards. Here are the resulting experiences from the four that have happened.

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33383-peed-myself-in-the-middle-of-town-kozmo-lotto-winner-request/?do=embed&comment=1255860&embedComment=1255860&embedDo=findComment"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/33645-peed-my-pants-at-the-movie-theater-kozmolotto-2-winner-request/?do=embed&comment=1264875&embedComment=1264875&embedDo=findComment"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/34428-peed-myself-after-going-out-kozmolotto-3-winner-request/?do=embed&comment=1279974&embedComment=1279974&embedDo=findComment"

This fourth one has the record of being the highest rated post in the history of Omorashi.org! 93 upvotes and counting!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/35323-doing-a-wet-gauntlet-of-omorashi-challengesin-a-public-mall-aka-the-alliance-challenge-kozmo-lotto-4-winner-request/?do=embed&comment=1296093&embedComment=1296093&embedDo=findComment"

Okay that should be enough shameless self-plugging. Enough new viewers have started to ask if I've written more to the point I just tack them all onto my posts now. :P

Again, thank you all for coming and reading! ^^~ <3

*019*2017-07-02 15:33

{{On 2017-06-19 at 2:45 PM, Tapris-chama said:

Congrats on getting your own place and hope you settle in soon! =)

}}

The settling is going well! =)

{{On 2017-06-19 at 8:32 PM, Sir Nobody said:

Is it wrong every time I see one of your topics I think, "Yay! Kozmo peed herself again!" Love the stories even though I feel a bit guilty about being excited for your misfortune.

}}

Don't feel bad, I always get away with it :D

{{On 2017-06-25 at 9:21 AM, Hummingbird said:

<< "Where did you install Steam?" - "I dunno. :D" <<

}}

I'm not sure I was able to properly convey the fury I felt when she said that

{{On 2017-06-26 at 7:15 AM, J-Bone said:

You sound beautiful (i mean that legit, not stalkerish)

}}

Thank you o:

