Pissing my jeans while cleaning the house

Author: shywewe

*000*2018-05-06 04:04

This is a short story to go along with the pictures I just posted in the gallery section, as the tags in the title show this is about male jeans wetting :)

Last week, I had to clean the house. I was not really in the mood to clean or felt like cleaning so was thinking of a way of being distracted. So, to make the job a little more interesting I tried drinking and cleaning at the same time. Since I am not into holding, and have a smallish bladder I decided to piss my pants as I cleaned. To keep the piss cleanup to a minimum I was pissing my pants while sitting on the toilet.

I started the cleaning job by drinking, and within short order I had to piss. So I worked on getting some of my cleaning done before heading to the bathroom. Since I knew I had a long way to go, I pissed in my shorts to start. (no image shown). I pulled up my jeans, and saw that there was no damage so kept on cleaning. Since I used the toilet, that necessitated another drink. That drink did not take too long to hit the bladder, so wanted to get some more cleaning done. When the need grew to much, I stopped and used the bathroom again, and a little wetness showed on my jeans.

Another quick drink, and I was off to finish cleaning the main floor. Thankfully, I got the main floor finished before my bladder needed some relief so I headed back into the bathroom. Yup after that piss, the jeans were really starting to become wet.

I then moved to cleaning up the upstairs portion of my house, of course I had to have more to drink :) Thankfully, the second story of my house was quick to clean, so did not have to wait too long before I had to find relief in the bathroom. By this point, my jeans were really wet and was seriously hoping no one rang my door bell :) Not too sure, what I would have done if that was the case :)

Actually, I still had to clean the bathroom, and since my jeans were already wet decided to just piss them and then clean up the puddle on the floor. I am going to attach the video with this posting, since I could not post it the gallery.

When I was finished with cleaning my jeans were completely saturated, and I felt relieved. The last thing that I did was have a shower to clean myself up and my clothes :)

This definitely made the dreary job of cleaning the house more interesting and fun. Who knows, I might post another story with accompanying pictures of more wet house cleaning fun :)

%wet_505.mp4

*005*2018-06-23 02:50

I agree with NiagraFalls as it makes the drudgery of cleaning the house fun. Since I only pee on the toilet through my jeans I do not make a further mess. Besides I like the way the wetness slowly spreads as I keep wetting my pants

