Too shy to say (again)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2017-05-17 20:15

When I finished uni I managed to get myself a job just outside of London, and after looking online at some places to rent I decided to save money by renting a room in a shared house. I found a room that looked OK and was close to the office, and spoke to the landlady on the phone. She was very friendly, and we arranged a date for me to travel down and meet her and view the room. On the day of the viewing, I took the train to London, then took a tube to another London station (Waterloo) and then finally a suburban train to the town, where the landlady had offered to pick me up in her car and drive me to the house.

By the time I got to London Waterloo after my long journey by train and then by tube, I was badly needing a pee. I'd had a big cup of tea that morning along with a couple of bottles of water during the journey, and had not been to the loo since leaving my flat. However, my next train was due to leave in just a few minutes, and I didn't have enough time to find the toilets. I decided that I'd just have to use the toilets on the train, but unfortunately for me, there weren't any! I just had to hold on, fidgeting in my seat. After a frustratingly long journey to the station, we finally arrived and I looked anxiously for the toilets, only to find the station toilets closed with a big 'Out of Order' sign posted on the door.

I was getting really desperate now, and was considering trying to find somewhere discreet to have a quick pee when the landlady called me to say that she was waiting in the car park. Not wanting to delay her, I went to meet her and tried to ignore my very full bladder. She was an attractive curvy blonde lady in her early 40s, and very friendly and chatty so there wasn't any awkwardness. On the short car journey to the house, I really wanted to ask her if I could use the toilet as soon as we got there, but out of shyness I just couldn't bring myself to ask, and I tried to keep my fidgeting to a minimum. When we got to the house I took my shoes off and she showed me the room, then took me round the living room and kitchen, and the whole time I was trying to pay attention and not let on that I was absolutely bursting to go to the toilet. I kept trying to find a good opportunity to ask if I could use the loo but I was too shy!

I thought she would then show me the bathroom, which I decided would be a good time to finally bite the bullet and ask permission to use it, but instead we stayed in the kitchen and she made us both a cup of tea. As the kettle boiled, we stood chatting and I couldn't help but fidget around from foot to foot, sometimes crossing my legs, and I'm sure she must have noticed but she didn't mention it or ask me why I was so fidgety! We went to sit in the living room and drank our tea, chatting some more, and I was finding it harder and harder to sit still and not squirm around on the chair as my bladder demanded relief. Luckily she could not see me bouncing my legs under the table!

Eventually, we finished our tea and she offered to drop me back at the station. I was really, really bursting for a pee by this point and could hardly stand still. She then showed me the bathroom, much to my relief, as this was an ideal time to ask to pop in and use it quickly before I left. However, she was clearly very proud of her very large, newly tiled bathroom, as she took me inside and spent ages talking about it, and explained in great detail about the expensive shower with the large square shower head, and how nice it was to stand under there as the water poured out. 

I was literally standing right next to the toilet, stepping from foot to foot, absolutely longing and desperate to relieve myself, having to listen to her talk for ages about rain and splashing water. It was almost too much for me, and I was so close to interrupting her and asking to use the loo, but I just about managed to hang on until she finished speaking. She asked me if there was anything else I wanted to ask and I thanked her and said no, that was everything. I started to blush. It was now or never, I was going to have to ask.

'Actually...' I said, crossing my legs, 'May I use the toilet quickly? The ones at the station are closed.' I jiggled a bit on the spot and she laughed and glanced down at my legs for a second. 'Yes of course you may! I'll wait by the front door for you.' I thanked her and she left, closing the bathroom door behind her. Immediately, I turned around and unbuckled my belt, hopping up and down on the spot as I frantically undid my fly and pulled out my cock, leaking a few drops of pee into my boxers. 

As soon as I took aim at the toilet bowl I immediately let loose a long, gushing stream of pee, splashing loudly into the water below, and I groaned with relief as I was finally able to empty my aching bladder after waiting for hours. After pissing for close to a minute, I gave a big sigh of relief, and washed my hands before exiting the bathroom and walking down the hall to where the landlady was waiting. I'm pretty sure she must have heard me peeing as she smiled at me and asked if I felt better, and my face blushed bright red with embarrassment!

*005*2017-05-19 18:07

Thank you for the comments, I have just posted a follow-up story here!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/37213-desperate-lodger/?do=embed"

