First accidental wetting

Author: cantenday

*000*2017-10-10 03:15

I've never written anything like this before, but thought the experience was worth sharing. Any feedback is welcome, and please let me know if you're interested in more content.

I got home from work yesterday at about 8 pm, and was at about a 5 on the desperation scale. I thought that my roommates were going to be out for the night, so figured I would do a simple hold. I wasn't planning on wetting myself, just to get super desperate and enjoy a night to myself. At around 12:45, I am dying for a piss. Rubbing my thighs, rocking back and forth, bouncing around, the whole nine yards. I think to myself I'll hold it til one, and then I'll pee. At 12:55 my two roommates burst through the door to my complete shock. Through my agony I try to play it cool and ask how their days went. They both say it was alright, and while one of my roommates sits next to me on the couch, the other heads straight to our only bathroom.

Before I can say anything he shuts the bathroom door and turns on the fan. Desperation tingles shoot through my body as I leave the living room. I make my way to my room, trying to hide my embarrassing predicament, and pray to god that he's only taking a piss. He is notorious for taking super long shits and my aching bladder cannot take much more. He in fact, was not taking a piss. 40 minutes pass as I sit in my room going out of my mind with desperation. I have never had to pee this bad ever. And it's also the first time since I was a little kid where I was absolutely bursting and didn't have access to a toilet. And I can't pee in the sink because my other roommate is in the kitchen. I also really don't want to piss on my carpet or bed.

I'm lying on my bed in my underwear, cradling my ultra distended bladder pleading for the toilet to flush. To prepare for the worst case scenario, I lay down a couple of towels just in case. I've never been able to have a legitimate accident and I'm worried that this might actually be my first time. Suddenly I hear the glorious sound of the toilet flushing. I hobble over to my jeans and slowely put them on with one hand jammed into my crotch. Then I hear the absolute worst thing ever, the bathroom door staying closed, and the shower starting to run. Hearing that sound of water running kicks me into panic mode. I start to panic and sweat uncontrollably, but realize that I'm in control of my body and I can make it.

In the past, I physically could never actually lose control. It always just comes down to me deciding when to pee. So I'll just hold it longer, I am the master of my own bladder. It's just willpower, I think to myself, I am an adult after all. My whole body is shaking, knees bouncing up and down and I decide to film a little desperation video to take my mind off of things. In the past I've done this to give my brain something else to focus on when desperate. I press record and try to think confidently.

At first it works well as I slowly get turned on. However at this point my poor, out of practice bladder, was done. Mere seconds later it suddenly feels like I just got shot in the stomach. Every nerve in my body fires off at once and what felt like the ocean of urine compacted inside me suddenly seemed to flip. My knees buckle and a shiver shoots up my spine. My mouth is agape ad my brain can't seem to process what's happening. And for the first time since I was a child, a powerful jet of piss fills my jeans.

Again I must stress, I was really trying not to pee. The feeling of unintentionally peeing was almost orgasmic as another long spurt escaped. Through the haze, I realized I couldn't piss on my carpet floor and struggled to contain my fluids. I managed to stem the flow, and bought myself a few minutes to think. Only after some of that pee left my brain did I remember I had an empty water bottle in my backpack. I filled it up to the brim and thankfully that was enough relief to last until my roommate finally ended his shower.

I was shaking after the whole thing but the actual loss of control was amazing. I really don't know if I'll ever experience that feeling again but it was incredible. Though initially it was just supposed to be desperation, I'm glad I have a video of the event. You can really hear me trying to stop the flow. Anyways thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy the video. Now excuse me because I have some laundry to do.

IMG_0637.MOV

