Grocery Shopping Takes an Unexpected Turn

Author: Cantholdit92

*000*2020-07-02 21:10

Haven't posted anything here in a pretty long time. This pandemic has left me very down and lazy, so i need extra coffee to have the energy to go out anywhere. Today, I decided to go grocery shopping. Had 2 cups of coffee with breakfast, and then left to go to the supermarket. It turned out to be a bit more packed than I expected, there was a line to wait to get in, which took about 20 mins. While waiting, my bladder filled up unexpectedly fast. By the time I got into the store, I had a pretty significant need to go, enough for anyone to decide they need the bathroom urgently. I did not want to use the public bathroom because I dont need the extra anxiety of picking up any covid germs. I told myself i'm gonna have to tough it out until I got home. I've leaked when really drunk, but have never had a true full blown accident.

By the time I got to checkout, 40 mins give or take, I was bursting pretty bad. Pretty sure people noticed as I couldn't help wobbling my legs around a bit as I paid. I loaded the car up, frantically. My anxiety was racing at this point, because I became very desperate, and started to become worried if i'm gonna make it home or not. Fortunately, it was only 5 mins drive back, should be ok I thought. I go to turn down a different side street because there was construction on the usual way i go home.

Then unexpectedly i run into a delivery truck blocking the whole street. My anxiety started to race even more. Because now I was stuck in my car, desperate, legs bouncing up and down. I honked the horn so many times and it took so damn long for the guy to come back. Must have been like 10 minutes sitting there, waiting, holding myself and panicking. Coffee also makes me bloated and go #2 like crazy, gas began to build up and I couldn't let it out because I probably would have started peeing allover my carseat. So now I was just sitting there, bloated, desperate to pee, and I really began to sweat and panic hard that I wasn't going to make it.

The guy finally came back, and as I took off, my bladder was beginning to turn on me. Some pee began to trickle out, but I regained control. By the time I got to my house, my bladder was really starting to feel like it was going to lose the battle, probably because I was also bloated from coffee and my anxiety was through the roof. Pulled into my driveway, and as soon as I got up I knew I definitely wasn't going to make it to the toilet dry. Pee started spurting out again.

I squeezed my peehole shut as I ran to my door and unlocked it, but every leak just became harder to resist, and my bladder muscle began spazzing out and started giving this involuntary 'push' feeling like it was going to lock in place, I squeezed my sphincter and held it with my hand with all I got, but pee was still trickling out. Everytime I squeezed the bigger the next leak became. I got my door open, threw my shoes off, and began dashing through the house. My toilet isn't working down here, so I had to go upstairs.

As soon as I got to the top of the stairs, I completely totally exploded and I could not stop it at all! Pee got allllllover the floor leading from the stairs to the bathroom, unfortunately my parents were there and witnessed it. They were shocked at first. I also peed with such pressure, I lost control of my loose bowels, caused by all the coffee. By the time I made it to the bathroom I just ended up hopping in the tub and finished releasing what was left. I washed the mess off of me, changed into new clothes, embarrassingly wiped up the huge trail of pee from the floor, and took out the groceries from the car, feeling extremely embarrassed. But I explained what happened to my parents and they understood that accidents do happen.

Damn, never in my life did I think I was going to have a #1 and #2 accident simultaneously at 28 years old. This was literally the first time I ever lost full control. But now when I think about it, it makes me REALLY aroused and excited. Hope you enjoyed the read

