Desperate Girlfriend

Author: Despguy123

*000*2017-06-10 15:41

This is a follow up to the story I posted here:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/19106-girlfriend-desperate-after-an-exam/?do=embed"

We had been going out for a few months when I admitted to her that it was a turn on for me to see her desperate for a wee. At first, she didn’t really understand it, but after a while she accepted it and would sometimes deliberately put off going to the loo because she knew I enjoyed seeing her desperate.

I remember during the summer, I was home from university and she came on the train to visit me for the weekend. My parents were away so we had the whole house to ourselves. I picked her up at the station in the morning and we went back to my house, had a cup of tea and decided to walk into the local market town centre for some lunch. We found a nice cafe, had a bite to eat (and another two cups of tea each) followed by a walk around some of the shops in the town centre.

By early afternoon it had started to rain a bit so we decided to walk back home. As we walked, it crossed my mind that she had not been to the loo since I picked her up from the station a couple of hours before, and prior to that she had sat through an hour long train journey. With all the tea we had been drinking, I wondered if she was starting to need a wee. Although she hadn’t mentioned needing to go, I had noticed her stopping to cross her legs every so often as we walked around the shops.

Back at the house, we took off our coats and shoes and went up to my room. We got into bed and started fooling around, undressing, kissing and teasing each other. She had still said nothing about needing a wee, but maybe half an hour after we had gotten into bed, she was lying next to me wearing nothing but her knickers, doing a very cute laid-down ‘need a wee’ dance, raising one thigh to cross it across the other, alternating each thigh, watching me. To my surprise, she then told me that she was ‘desperate for a wee’ but was going to wait because she knew how much I liked it.

I teased her for a while, running my hands over her squirming thighs, listening to her little desperate moans, before we stood up from the bed and I pulled her gently against me, kissing her and feeling her body squirming against mine. She put her arms around my neck and gave a little moan of desperation, bobbing on the spot while pushing her thighs together, biting her lip. ‘Oooh babe... I really, really need a wee’ she said quietly. I moved behind her and asked her to stand up as straight as she could, and she immediately crossed her legs really tightly together. I held her hips and pressed up against her, before gently moving my hand lightly across her bladder. She moaned and pushed my hand away, suddenly bending forwards and pressing her hands between her tightly crossed legs. ‘Oh babe, don’t do that or I’ll actually wet myself’ she said before straightening up and turning towards me, putting her arms around my neck again.

I kissed her again, and she pressed up against me, squeezing her thighs together. We moved back onto the bed and I lay down next to her, watching her moan and push her hand tightly between her legs. I teased my fingers up her quivering thighs, before moving my hand over hers, pressing between her legs. She let out a little moan, and I asked if it was helping her wait. She nodded and bit her lip, before asking me to let go so she could take off her knickers. I watched her squirming around as she slid her knickers down, before she quickly took my hand and placed it firmly between her legs, telling me to press hard. She moaned softly and crossed her thighs around my hand, and I felt her muscles tighten like a vice. ‘Babe that feels so good, don’t let go without warning me first’ she said quietly, biting her lip. I asked why, and she gave me a cute little smile. ‘Because I’ll wee all over your bed’.

We stayed like that for a few minutes, my hand pushed between her thighs, and I felt her muscles squeezing every so often, soft little moans escaping her lips. She had started to stroke my dick, and I was so turned on that I told her that I was already close to coming. She smiled and whispered into my ear, telling me that she would not go for a wee until she made me come. It didn’t take very long, and hearing her little moans and whimpers of desperation in my ear, feeling her thighs squeezing so tightly around my hand planted firmly between her legs, holding back her desperate need to pee, brought me to the edge. 

I tried to hold off for as long as I could, but she knew I was on the edge, and stroked me faster, whispering into my ear ‘Oh babe please let me go for a wee, I’m so desperate, please let me go to the toilet, I can’t wait much longer’ and that sent me over. I came hard, and as soon as I finished she gave me a kiss and slowly uncrossed her thighs. I gently took my hand away and she quickly replaced it with her own, squeezing hard between her legs and moaning softly, biting her lip.

She jumped up off the bed and turned to me, doing a very cute pee dance, jiggling up and down with her hands between her thighs. ‘May I use your toilet please?’ she asked with a cheeky smile, and I laughed and said of course she could. She thanked me and hurried out of the room to the toilet, one hand still firmly squeezing between her thighs. She came back a couple of minutes later, still rosy-cheeked but looking very relieved!

