Snow wetting!

Author: Omoboy31

*000*2021-03-23 13:26

English is not my mother tongue and I wrote this in one go, so please be lenient with me if grammar and orthography are not the best! Thank you for reading!

This is a story of when I was 16. At that age I was already wearing absorbent underwear as I have urinary issues. This accident went unnoticed, so it’s less of an accident than other experiences I had, but I still wanted to die for the embarrassment. I was on winter vacation with a small group of friends in a ski resort, nothing too luxurious because in my country there are lots of cities where you can enjoy the snow without going bankrupt.

At that time just one of my friends knew of my problem since we had been friends for ages, the others maybe suspected something since it was clear I had something going on. We rented a house and lived together for a week, it was really funny (btw we are still close friends and we are used to travel together, when this Covid-stuff will be over we will definitely enjoy it again!). However, skiing and snowshoeing for long periods in snowsuit is not the best for someone who suffers from urge incontinence. 

During the first days I had many close calls, definitely leaked in my protection pants more than once but nothing too serious. However on the fourth day I just could not hold it. We were snowshoeing on a huge mountain path and I thought that everything would have gone just fine because I made sure to pee in the mountain station before hiking. The first days we chose shorter paths because some of us never tried this sport before and snowshoeing can be difficult and fatiguing for a beginner. On the other hand, we were all pretty fit so we felt we could try something harder. We overestimated the length of the route, it took more than 6 hours to go up and down (we took our time for lengthy pit stops though).

It was not too much for us, but my bladder could not resist. When we started I was fine, but since I sweat much I was so bold to drink water to rehydrate. I was feeling funny in my bladder after three hours, when we reached our destination, but in our way back my desperation escalated. I started leaking a bit but I was not too worried because I was used to leak, I know it happens. However, thinking of how much time we needed to reach a toilet I started getting uncomfortable. I managed to resist without leaking for half an hour but midway the urge was too much and I leaked again, harder. It was more like a faint, continuous flux of pee. I could not stop it, I was having an accident in front of my friends at 16! I felt my absorbent underwear getting soaked slowly and I tried my best to stop peeing but the path became too steep and I could not focus on my accident. 

Suddenly I involuntarily started to pee my pants full force and felt the warmth between my thighs spreading. However, I was wearing multiple layers of clothes, absorbent underwear, cotton underwear, thermal tights, cotton tights, pants and a snowsuit (I exaggerated, but I’m pretty sensitive to cold). I released everything I had got, but I could feel that my thermal and cotton tights managed to absorb what the pad could not absorb. I was deadly embarrassed, but no one noticed it. We came back to the snow station and I sprinted to the toilet to assess the damages and it was like I had thought, my tights absorbed everything. I decided to come back to our rented house without the others, who wanted to hang out for longer, so I made up an excuse and went home to do the laundry (as always, I disinfected everything not to cause problem to other people because of my condition). Nobody saw me, I felt like shit but now I enjoy the memory!

*002*2021-03-23 13:34

It was horrible, even though the naughty part of me low key enjoyed it! Now it does not bother me anymore though, nobody discovered it and it did not cause troubles so it’s a pretty exciting memory!

*004*2021-03-24 15:34

I was dead inside fortunately secret wettings and snowsuits are a great couple, so I managed to get away with this accident

*006*2021-03-26 13:26

I have never had complete accidents in a snowsuit since then! I indeed leaked sometimes though!

