My new sauna suit

Author: Snowpants

*000*2021-10-30 20:36

Had to work in my yard the other day cleaning up after a major storm. Many downed branches and leaves. I was not looking forward to doing the work so I decided to have some wet fun while outside.

I waited until my bladder was feeling full before heading out. I wore my new sauna suit to be able to combine sweat to the piss I planned for the inside of the suit. I purchased a Boxraw brand sauna suit that looks more like a track suit so nice to wear in public without too many strange looks.

It was not too long before the suit started working. I was feeling the sweat build up inside the suit so I decided to test what adding some piss would do. To my delight neither the sweat or piss was showing on the outside of the suit. I kept working gathering the branches and raking up the leaves all the time sweating and leaking piss inside the saunas suit. Eventually all that liquid needed somewhere to go. I could start to feel wetness in my sneakers and boy did it feel great.

I wanted to really test out the suit so I sat down to rest. As I sat there I let go and emptied my bladder into the suit all at once. I could feel my warm piss pool up around my butt and behind my thighs. It was great to feel feel the piss inside the pants. I then stood up and all that sweat and piss flowed down both legs and slowly leaked out the leg openings onto my driveway.

I can't wait to piss in that suit again. I am also planning to wear the sauna suit underneath my snowsuit this winter when clearing snow and walking around my neighborhood.

*003*2021-10-31 10:39

@chorlax123

Don't think I have a pic of that suit but I will take and post one.

