Desperate at My Desk

Author: TheMarcher

*000*2016-09-06 23:47

Hey everyone!

So I'm not normally into pissing my self as much as I'm into watching others do it. But I've been bored lately and today was a particularly dull day of work and I figured I'd indulge a little bit.

So I actually work from home which makes it much easier to get into trouble whenever I feel like it. Today for example I was a little hungover and I decided to brew some coffee before work. After two cups I felt much better and I started crunching away.

A few hours into work, I got the idea in my head to do a hold. I grabbed a bottle of water and topped off my coffee. I returned to work and diligently sat through until lunch time. Or tried to anyway

About 45 mins to my lunch break, I wasn't really feeling much. I felt a need to pee but nothing too pressing. So I opted to down a bit more of my water which I had neglected.

About 10 mins later, I started feeling a stronger urge and definitely felt way more into it than I had been. It was getting difficult to concentrate on the customers I was chatting with while silmultaenously entertaining my bladder. I wiggled back and forth a little bit in my chair and that helped to get the urge to subside for a bit.

10 mins after that, I was really starting to feel the pressure building. I was having trouble sitting still and it was glorious. I continued to drink and fill up my ever expanding body of water, knowing that I would soon be able to burst and flood myself in the safety of my bathroom. I continued to shiver now and again and tried mashing my legs together to help curb the urge to pee.

Eventually, I stood up to try and walk about when I realized I had to pee much worse than I thought I did. I realized then I was probably going to be in more trouble than I intended. I had originally wanted to get rather desperate but make it to lunch and wet myself in the shower. It seemed my body had other plans though as urge after urge assailed me and brought me ever closer to not making it to the bathroom.

About 10 mins before lunch, I was chatting with two customers and was about to finish with one of them. I took a swig of water and looked at the clock. At this point, I was so desperate to pee that I was constantly moving about in my seat. Sitting down wasn't helping, standing wasn't helping. All I could focus on was the massive amount of urine that I was holding onto and I was very aware of how close I was to letting loose at any moment.

I wrapped up the one chat and I was still speaking with another customer (an older lady who was having trouble following my directions). While drafting up the follow-up email to my last customer, I was shaking pretty violently as I tried to concentrate on anything else to make the chat end. I kept having to grab hold of myself and trying to reassure myself that I wasn't going to have an accident here.

I tried standing up again and crossing my legs and grabbing tighter hold of my package and pacing back and forth. I tried sitting back down to complete the email when I realized something: I had nothing but seconds left before I was going to be peeing whether I wanted to or not. I had nothing setup to protect anything at my workstation and I didn't have a change of clothes or a towel waiting in the bathroom.

Before I could even get out of my chair, my bladder relented a small degree and I realized I was losing control against my will in my shorts. I ran through the apartment to the bathroom losing dribbles out my dick along the way and exciting my one dog a little too much thinking that I was playing with him.

I rushed into the bathroom and jumped into the tub before finally letting loose a torrent inside of my shorts. I just moaned in relief as it rushed out of me, hissing magnificently against the fabric of my bball shorts. It poured out for what felt like minutes before it stopped, leaving me covered in pee all up and down my legs and leaving an impressive puddle at my feet quickly making its way into the drain.

I finally managed to get a change of clothes and wipe myself down before returning to work to finish my chat.

So yeah, that's my story! I hope y'all enjoyed it :)

P.s.

I apparently still have to pee as I'm writing this so I'll let you guys know if I get a second wetting in.

*003*2016-09-08 20:51

Not on the phone luckily, I do web based text chats only. Although I've done phone support before and had to go something fierce and was on the call for like an hour (and once saw this really cute girl next to me flat out ask a customer if she could use the bathroom since they'd been on a long call too).

And oh man there's no way I could have been subtle about it near the end without losing control right there but I do like the idea of that scenario. :3

