Gym Class

Author: Kayushi

*000*2010-08-28 06:08

Beginning note: This is not a very recent story. I only remember a few details with perfect clarity, the rest is vague. I will try and fill in the blanks as best I can.

In 7th grade I was not very popular, and the few friends I had were in the same boat. I have to start by saying that before I joined this site, VERY few people knew about my attraction to wetting. The very first person I EVER told, was this girl in my Phys. ed. class. For the sake of naming her, we'll call her Katie, though I don't remember her real name.

Katie was about 4'8" and slender with long, dirty blond hair that she usually kept in a ponytail during gym class. Her gym clothes were simple, just a t-shirt and gym shorts, all powder blue. We had become close friends in gym class, and somehow whenever we played sports we ended up on the same team. Always. So it wasn't really a surprise when we went outside to play baseball, that we were on the same team.

When the other team was up to bat, Katie and me stood in the outfield together. Neither one of us were particularly athletically adept, so it was kind of expected of us to just stay out of everyone's way. After 2 outs in that inning, she told me that she'd be right back, and ran to our coach. She gestured to the school building, and said something to the coach, who shook his head. She slumped her shoulders and walked back over to me.

"What was that all about?" I asked.

She blushed a little bit, "I kinda have to go to the bathroom, but coach won't let me. He says class is almost over and I can wait till we go get dressed."

I looked at my watch and saw that we only had like 5 minutes left until we had to go in.

"I'm sure you can wait 5 minutes," I told her.

That was when she told me that she had major bladder control issues, and that she'd always had problems with teachers telling her she couldn't go to the bathroom. Normally whenever a teacher told her she couldn't go, she would just stand in front of the class and wet herself just to prove the point, because it was going to happen whether she wanted it to or not, so she might as well make the teacher look bad for not letting her go in the process.

My heart started to race, and I decided to tell her my 'dark' secret: that seeing girls wet themselves turns me on. I told her that she should do it, just to spite our (somewhat sadistic) coach. She kind of smiled at me nervously, and said "Okay." I expected her to just start going right there, but what she did was BRILLIANT.

Katie went back to the coach, but this time she didn't run over, she kind of waddled. When she got behind the coach she put one hand between her legs and tapped him on the shoulder with the other. I walked in closer to try and figure out what exactly she was doing.

"Pleeeeeeassse, coach?! I REALLY have to go. I can't wait for the bell." I overheard, as the coach shook his head again.

"No Katie, you have to wait like everyone else, now get back out there before I give you a detention."

Katie moaned in disappointment and turned around, then she let out a gasp and moved her hand so we could all see a tiny wet spot in the front of her shorts. The spot grew quickly and spread as pee ran down her legs, which were now shoulder width apart, and straight down between them. She shoved her hand back against her crotch as if she were trying to stop the flow, but it didn't work. Pee flowed from between her fingers into several small waterfalls and hit the ground, turning the dry dirt dark.

I, as well as our entire gym class, couldn't look away as tears formed in her eyes and began to cascade down her cheek. The torrent of pee finally slowed and the coach blew the whistle for us to go get dressed, but he pulled Katie and me aside and told me to take her to the nurse so she could get a change of clothes, clearly forgetting that she would be changing soon anyway.

As we walked away from the rest of the class, I looked back to see them still staring at her. Some of them were laughing. I promptly flipped off a group of guys I knew to be major bullies and instigators (which got me written up, but that's not really relevant). As soon as we were safely away from the fixed gaze of our classmates, an evil smile broke out on her face.

"See? I told you I'd do it," she said, and we both started laughing, until we got to the nurse's office, where she put back on the crying facade and told the nurse, and the principal, how the coach wouldn't let her go to the bathroom.

Needless to say, our coach got in quite a bit of trouble, considering Katie's bladder control issues were well documented in the nurse's office, and she never had a problem with the coach letting her go again... but I'll never forget that girl's acting skills, as she made an intentional wetting look EXACTLY like an accident.

*003*2010-08-28 07:36

{{ 

Story wise, its also brilliant how "Katie" has a real problem but is also brilliantly cunning at dealing with it as well as getting her revenge on mean Coach, she's the hero of the piece as well as the "damsel in distress" (another fave theme of mine).

My own history and experiences aren't nearly as exciting but you've emboldened me to be brave and post some of mine as well as my thoughts and feelings which I'm trying to share with anyone reading this. :)

Corum.

}}

Well I'm glad to have inspired you. Unfortunately, not ALL of my experiences have been this interesting, but what matters isn't how the story goes, but how you tell it. In fact, something as basic as an intentional wetting can be written in a way that it will excite people, without embellishing facts.

I'm just lucky to have known some unfortunate girls with bladder issues ^.^ I would post some of my personal experiences, but I don't know how many people on here respond well to male wetting, or, in that case, intentional wetting, considering I've never had a real accident.

*011*2010-08-29 20:45

{{ 

Awesome story! May I ask, were you and Katie able to remain friends over time? How did she react when you told her you enjoyed wetting – aside from the obvious?... It's cool that you (the op) had the courage to let a friend know.

}}

We stayed friends as long as we knew each other, but again, like everyone else I've known, she ended up moving after middle school, so I haven't heard from her recently.

Even before this incident, I liked her more than a friend, but I never told her that. She didn't seem to really care either way. She kinda teased me for it for a while, but it wasn't in a negative way.

Yeah, I'm lucky to meet these girls, and have these memories, but it's rather disappointing that everyone ends up disappearing on me.

