The time I escorted a desperate girl to a toilet

Author: Impostor

*000*2020-08-15 21:51

Year: 2007, summer. Place: United Kingdom: England: sea city.

Fifteen year old me roamed around aformentioned city with peers my age. Study trip to learn English, they said. Two weeks without parents and strictness, we said.

Smoking lots of cigarettes and annoying the seagulls on the beach everyday. Swimming in the freezing English Channel, when it wasn't raining. Spending good times in the Virgin store, listening to new music in those columns with headphones which are now just a memory. Flirting with the girls in our group, without any luck.

Severe acne. Glasses, but not the cool type. Very geeky. Yeah, the complete package.

###

Meeting point: outside the mall. Time: evening.

All the gang is here, about a dozen people. We start to chat and smoke a little. Loitering, you may say.

A girl approach me, her friends around her. "Listen, I need a favour. Sally needs to use the toilet. The mall is closed right now, but there's a Burger King two blocks down the road. Can you escort her there?"

Her face is really annoyed, like she really does not want to ask me this question. I peek over her shoulder to see Sally better.

Sally is not the girl every teenager wants to flirt with: very slim, no breast at all, a bit tom-boyish. Long frizzy auburn hair, only wears Converse and plus-size checked shirt with bands' t-shirts underneath (mostly Ramones), rarely speaks. I still think she's nice and I fancy her.

Naturally I say "Yeah, ok... Let me finish this cigarette and I'm ready."

"No, please! We need to go now!" Sally's speaking. Only now I notice that she's softly shifting on the spot, her skinny legs in jeans trying to stand still but failing.

My attention peaks.

"Yeah, sure. Let's go!" The girls have their backs on me at the first 'yeah'. I get up and start to walk, Sally following me.

It's very unusual to be alone with a girl and I don't know Sally very well. Moreover she's obviously desperate to pee and I can't focus really much on anything else.

As we walk I try to chat a little while discreetly observing her behaviour: step by step she seems to be more and more aware of her bladder. Sally's legs do little jumps every now and then and has an hand in her pocket. It's funny to watch at. But also something else.

"So... Do you like The Strokes?" (Yes, I was THIS good at talking to women).

Walking beside her on the sidewalk is not easy: she does two little steps and three large one, half-running, changing pace constantly.

"What? ... Yes, well, yeah..." she mumbles. "Listen, sorry if you have to 'chaperon' me to the Burger King. I said to the girls to go together but they didn't want to, so..."

Her legs shifts more often now that we're far away from her friends: maybe she was shy to let everyone see that she needs to pee and tried to control herself before.

"Don't worry, really." I try to hide my excitement, I hope she does not notice it.

We stop at a traffic light. Red. We wait. She keeps squirming around, now very often. She can't keep herself in control anymore: she's like dancing, shifting her legs on the spot like a military march, her hands buried in the shirt's sleeve on her crotch. Then she turns to me.

I can only guess I was heavily staring at her, in a very creepy way. She must have felt so uncomfortable. And I'm sorry for that. But before I can apologize, she bent on my arm: her hands gripping my forearm, Sally decides to regain control by crossing her legs. And she laughs.

"Sorry, sorry, sorry!" she sighs between laughter. "I'm going to pee myself!" (To be completely honest, the correct expression is not so easily translatable; it's more like 'I can't hold it anymore, I'm going to soil myself', but that'll do.)

I'm petrified. I don't know what to say, except "we are almost there, hang on!"

She keeps laughing hysterically and her crossed skinny legs are still in my memories. Her laughs too. Her red face too. Her grips on my forearm too.

Green light! This moment can't last forever, you moron.

And so we cross the street and the Burger King is on the right and we go through the door and there's none beside us and the guy behing the counter and she's not hiding her hands on her crotch anymore, she's firmly holding herself, and she runs to the toilet, down a couple of steps on the left and I go to the guy that is talking to me. I understand there's a price for using the toilet, something like £ 1.00 per use: I deposit two coins in the special plastic box, so I can use the bathroom too.

After my time in the bathroom, Sally is waiting for me at the entrance. I say nothing about what happend before and she thanks me for paying also for her. We return to the gang and split up.

###

After that summer I never saw Sally again.

