The FaceTime

Author: Aloe

*000*2018-09-05 05:18

So, as I’m sure many of you here can relate, I’m a big fan of the pee dance. Like, a big fan. For me, it’s not desperation unless there’s a little bit of restlessness; and when a pretty girls bladder is full to the point she’s physically dancing around to keep from peeing herself..... ugh, it’s awesome.

With that said, I was very fortunate to have a girlfriend awhile back who, not only was accepting of my fetish, but also indulged me on a regular basis. We’ll call her Abby. She was a curvy latin girl, with curves in the right places. Most of my favorite experiences are with her, and she did some crazy stuff for me that I kno you will all appreciate hearing about.

As she found out the specifics of what made me tick, Abby began to actually target my fetish to arouse me. She’s get in the car after work, and tell me how bad she had to pee during the day. She farted of casually, occasionally throwing out an account of desperation here and there that I could save for later. But one day, things escalated.

I was messaging her on Snapchat, asking what she was doing. The coversating went something like this-

Abby: Just hanging out at home. Just got back from work, kinda have to pee.

Me:

Abby: Is there something you’re trying to say?

Me: How desperate are you, on a scale of 1- 10?

Abby: Ehhh, like a 5 or 6. I could probably hold it a little longer.

Me: Well maybe you should

Abby: You really want me to?

Me: Duh

Abby: You’re lucky I like you

Me: Lol wait I was just kidding

Abby: Nah, I’m gonna hold it, maybe i’ll See what all the hype is about

So she did. We chatted on and off throughout the evening, and she apparently continued to hold. After awhile, I had to ask, because it was killing me inside....

Me: So how you holding up?

Abby: Well I’m almost done cleaning my room.

Me: No not that, the pee thing.

Abby: Oh, silly. I’m pretty uncomfortable actually, I have to pee pretty bad.

Me: How bad?

Abby: Like an 8 or 9, I’m probably going to go pee soon.

Me: You could hold it a little longer

Abby: Yeah but not by much....

I was drooling at this point. Unfortunately I wasn’t there to see it, but I needed details. So I got bolder.

Me: Are you dancing around?

Abby: Dancing?

Me: Yeah, you know, the dance you do when you really have to pee?

Abby: I guess you could say that

Me: What are you wearing?

Abby: Well, I’m actually wearing this cute dress. It’s really frilly.

Me: So, what does your dance look like?.....

Abby: You want me to describe it for you?

Me: It would actually be awesome if you did that

Abby: Well, I’m cleaning my room trying to keep busy, but it’s not doing much to distract me at this point. I’m crossing my legs when I’m standing still, and I kind of twirl my hips back and forth so my dress flies around a little bit.

Me: Are you stepping from foot to foot?

Abby: A little bit, it helps actually.

Me: You should show me, through Snapchat

Abby: You really want me to? I look like a doofus.

Me: Well I think you look hot as hell.

She was silent for a moment. About 10 minutes actually. I was aroused as all hell, and I wanted to see something I’d never seen in person.

Abby: You’re lucky I like you, and I will do his for you. But just know, this is one of the weirdest things you’ve ever asked me to do.

Me: You don’t have to if you dont want to, I don’t want to pressure you....

Abby: No no, it’s just, it’s not something I’ve been comfortable sharing before. I usually go pee by now.

Me: Well if it’s any consolation to you, I don’t think you’re weird for pee dancing.

Abby: Geeeee thanks

She sent me a series of pictures of her crossing her legs, bent over, biting er lip, with a hand in the crotch of er dress. It seemed like she was warming up to it, but it wasn’t until she sent me a short 10 second video that I knew she was really feeling it.

The video was of her, dancing in place, with a hand gripping her dress, as she smiled and giggled on camera, while simultaneously trying not to pee herself. At the end of the video, she whispered, “is this what you wanted?”

I was ecstatic. She was getting into it, despite being uncomfortable. She was teasing me, and keeping herself from peeing because I asked her. Damn, I was in heaven.

Me: That was incredible.

Abby: Did you like my high knees? I really have to pee, it helps me keep it in.

Me: Maybe I could help you keep it in?

Abby: How would you do that?

Well, it was worth a shot. Why the hell not.

Me: How about FaceTime?

Abby: Ummmmmm....

Me: Only if you’re comfortable.....

Abby: It’s not that. It’s just, I won’t e able to keep my phone steady. I’m dancing in front of my bathroom rn, I have to pee sooooo bad.

Me: All the more reason you need my help huh?

Abby: Lol okay, only if you promise to help

Me: YEAH SURE I’M THE GUY.

Silence. For maybe 10 more minutes. Another 5 minutes. Another 5. I was a little disappointed, as I thought she had peed. But all of a sudden....

”Abby would like to FaceTime”

*DING*

There she was, standing in front of her full body mirror, dancing in front of her mirror while filming herself.

”I’m so sorry!!!” She apologized, “As I was coming back up the stairs, my mom stopped me and asked me to do the dishes....”

”Oh god, that must’ve been torture!”

”Oh it was,” she said in a sultry voice, crossing her legs and bobbing in place, “I started leaking a little bit. I was dancing and prancing and crossing my legs. Ugh, I almost wet myself.” She sneered as she coaxed me into irresistible arousal.

“Are you still wet?” I asked, entranced.

”Oh definitely, most of my pee is sill in my bladder, slosssshing around....” she giggled, going into a curtsy as she hit her lip.

I was speechless. I’d never seen anything like this before, an I felt like a king. She noticed the look of satisfaction on my face, and couldn’t help but capitalize on this moment to patronize me a little.

”You know, if you want, you can.... get off to me while I’m desperate.” She suggested.

”How about.... you don't get to pee till I finish?” I said mischievously.

”YOURE A BASTARD!” She cried I’ve the phone, dancing still, “But okay. Make it fast though, I don’t want to pee myself!”

As you can imagine, I took my sweet ass time. She continued dancing and swaying and squirming on live feed, and I continued to pretend like I was going to get off in the next minute.

She was swaying her ass back and forth, bobbing up and down, and stepping from foot to foot. My intention was, being the little shit that I am, to push her to the point she would be wetting herself. But she was doing too good a job of coaxing me....

”Babe, I’m leaking, it’s coming down my legs. Are you almost done? I can’t stand still, my bladder is sooooo full....,” and then she crossed her legs, bit her lip, and whispered, “I’m going to have an accident.....”

Needless to say, it was over pretty soon after that, and she couldn’t help but notice.

”There, I win. Time to peeeee!”

”Nononono wait wait-“

*CLICK*

I laid on my bed, utterly dumbfounded, and quietly satisfied. My phone vibrated-

Abby: I needed that

Me: Me too

Abby: You have no freaking idea how lucky you are.

No actually, I did. I was hella lucky, a lot luckier than I’d been in awhile. For the duration of my relationship with her, I remained this lucky. She held for me in public on a number of occasions and would frequently share her desperation stories with me. Being lactose intolerant, there were a number of occasions where she indulged me in a “different” kind of account, very vividly. More than one pair of shorts came very close to being utterly and irreplaceabley desecrated on a number of occasions, either accidentally, or intentionally. I’ll definitely have to tell you about that sometime.

*002*2018-09-05 06:21

{{22 minutes ago, Bluesman59 said:

This girl sounds absolutely amazing.

}}

She was awesome If we would’ve stayed together, there’s a high likelyhood that some of those “near misses,” both #1 and #2, would’ve ended up being accidents. But we had plenty of fun up to that point!

*004*2018-09-05 20:54

{{43 minutes ago, Dwayne said:

You know what? You described exactly the part of this fetish I like! The way you talked to your girlfriend is similiar to mine, asking how she's dancing around. When my friend was doing dishes and texted me that she's leaking a bit... DAMN!

This is an awesome experience. Be it real or not, it's definetly an awesome fantasy to think about it.

To be honest, you should've stopped to prevent you from coming so that she would finally explode... haha.

}}

It’s like, the bread and butter of the omo world amigo. It’s my Achilles heel tbh

Oh it’s definitely real, I have the texts to prove it. Most of it was on Snapchat, but I’m long past the point where I could screenshot that convo without raising an eyebrow I could prob post a convo or two just for legitimacy purposes but I wouldn’t want to do that without her permission

*006*2018-09-07 04:05

That sounds awesome tbh, good for you

*008*2018-09-09 17:21

{{12 hours ago, jrs1989 said:

You know you've got the right girlfriend when you find yourself asking this question.

}}

LMAO

*010*2018-09-23 23:43

{{On 9/11/2018 at 7:46 PM, Weasel said:

Perhaps the best text message I have ever gotten was from my then-partner telling me what was going on and then saying, "You know, this situation would make for a pretty good desperation scene... I think I'll try it right now."

I love, love, love living in modern times and having these communication conveniences...

}}

That sounds absolutely awesome. You are blessed my man

*013*2018-10-04 17:57

{{On 10/3/2018 at 9:04 AM, Helloworldiwea said:

Are you going to post more stories about you to soon (both kinds)?

}}

Absolutely. In fact, I’ll post one of her remote holding sessions soon, and also post one of the few times she almost messed herself. She had bad sushi

*015*2018-10-06 00:52

Here’s a question: I want to tell the “bad sushi” story first, because I like to alternate between wetting and messing stories

But she told the story to me second hand. As in, I wasn’t there personally, she told me after it happened. Should I tell it biographically, how she told me, or should I dramatize it and say it’s based on a story she told me? What do you guys think!?

*017*2018-10-06 14:59

{{2 hours ago, Dwayne said:

Since this is the Wetting Experiences board a real story without modifications would fit more into here. You can still dramatize it and posting into the Fiction board saying that it is based on a real story.

}}

Yeah I can understand that. But my question was more like, “of those two options, which would you prefer,” assuming the story would be posted on the appropriate board?

*019*2018-10-08 06:00

{{5 hours ago, Helloworldiwea said:

Actual account. If she said something dramatizing though herself... I like real personally

}}

Okay! Thank you for the feedback :)

*022*2018-10-25 15:06

{{On 10/17/2018 at 10:49 PM, sammilove said:

This sounds like a really amazing experience! Thanks for the share and the really detailed dialogue.

}}

It was my pleasure! Like, it’s just cool to be able to share these experiences with other people that would appreciate them

