Expected desperation, Unexpected wetting

Author: themerger

*000*2018-04-02 14:17

I did not plan to come here today and write about wetting myself. I have the day off and planned to indulge in some wet fun, only after I ran (what I thought would be) two quick errands: drop off my car for an oil change and drop off my rent check.

Before setting off I drank my regular 12 oz coffee and a pint of water early this morning with breakfast, intending to be nice and full for a wetting when I returned home. I could feel casual messages from my bladder but nothing terribly urgent as I drove to the mechanic. Upon dropping off my car, I began my 5-block walk to the property management company. It was during this walk that the coffee seemed to expedite my desperation, intensifying my bladder's signals; the constant sound of rain and snow falling and hitting the pavement may have aided in that regard as well.

As I approached what I thought to be the entrance of the property management office, I noticed a sign saying that I had to walk an extra block and enter from a lower-level parking lot entrance. Upon reaching the actual entrance, I seriously considered just using the bathroom there as I was starting to feel remarkable discomfort. However, when I entered the office there wasn't anyone at the reception desk, nor at the work spaces behind it. Instead, I just left my check in the collection box on the reception desk and took off.

The 4-block walk en route to my apartment was becoming strenuous, as I had to stop at a few corners to allow Monday morning work traffic to pass, my bladder jiggling with each step. I stepped in a deceptively deep puddle at one of the corners and I jerked my leg up and out, forcing my bladder to hold even harder. I relented to the pressure and a stream of urine wet my boxer-briefs. The warmth felt welcome in the damp cold outside.

With about 1 (atypically long) block to go, the pressure was more than I could take and I began wetting the crotch of my underwear through, until it started to show on my pants just under the seam of my winter jacket; anyone who saw could easily assume that a mixture of moisture on my jacket created the wet patch. However, as I approached the back stairs of my apartment building, I saw my downstairs neighbor (who was kind enough to bring my GF and I some Easter dinner last night) and felt compelled to thank her again and assure her that I would return her dish soon. My bladder was tapping it's proverbial foot VERY hard at this point, so I took my leave up the stairs only to realize:

I didn't have my keys! They were still on the ring with my car keys...at the mechanic!

The realization did not stymie the next stream of pee compelled out of my bladder, but I had to go back- no way around it.

As I started back towards the mechanic, the rain was abating, so fortunately I could hold my umbrella in front of myself as I wet more, soaking my pants down to my knee. By the time I got to the mechanic I had already wet enough that I didn't think I would soak myself, so I got my house key and bound back home.

I snapped a photo as I walked on an empty sidewalk to show the damage. Despite the heightened possibility of embarrassment, it was pretty exhilarating to gush in public.

$$

