Cyclng story

Author: ssjammerz

*000*2016-05-29 05:59

Today was a marker in my life, when I wet myself in the presence of someone else.

I was able to convince a colleague of mine who's pretty physically active (hiking, golfing, fishing, swimming, diving, and of course, mountain biking), to go cycling with me after work. She's a little bit older than me, but still has a very attractive physique and personality. I'll call her Pam, for anonymity.

During the past couple of weeks, I've been trying to bait and watch her reaction towards omorashi. Like most folk unfortunately, she didn't express any interest at all, but that didn't stop me from trying. In fact, I subtly asked questions such as, "I wonder how pros go to the bathroom", to which she would respond that "they just pee" (in the gear presumptuously). Aside from that, I was also able to ask her what she would be wearing, which to my delight, would also be a pair of bike shorts worn under running shorts.

I was super psyched for today, as I have done several dry runs by myself to have it play out. The weather was cooperating (F 75+), not much workload, not too many people where we were at, etc. I was sure to time my liquid intake so that I would be able to go at a moment's notice, but also not to be at the point where it hurt. After work, we changed – she was wearing a light gray, cotton Puma T-shirt, navy blue Nike running shorts, and regular sneakers, whereas I dawned on my blue, one piece skinsuit. She commented that I looked the part of a pro. I was initially nervous, but calmed down after that comment.

We rode around for a few miles for a warm up, all the while I was looking for things to trigger an accident. Luckily, we were biking near a waterfront, and had somewhat of a low tide. I teased the idea of tossing her into the water, with her replying she will take me down with her during our conversation prior, and I decided that was the most "natural" way to wet myself.

We did a few more miles and she wanted to stop for some water. I told myself that this would be a perfect time for me to go through with my plan. After downing the water, we decided to ride back to the waterfront. During our ride, we saw bottles of yellow pee that lorry drivers always throw out. She and I made gross but childish "ewww" comments, but I was using this as an excuse to grab myself and mention that all this talk is making me want to pee.

We finally get to the spot where I planned to have my accident. We lay our bicycles down and then proceed to walk carefully on the rocks out into the bay water. It was low tide, and I pointed out to a patch of dry sand where there were a lot of birds. I told her that we should venture out there. I don't think Pam minded getting wet herself, but said that she wouldn't be able to cycle with me tomorrow with wet shoes. It kinda worked out well, because she could have filmed me trying to do it, which was fine by me. (I made sure I was on the side where the sun wouldn't cast a shadow, thanks to my previous experiences).

As I stepped lower and lower onto the rocks and into the water, I could hear Pam giggling. To my surprise, the water was very refreshing, but still a shock of cold overwhelmed me. At first, I bent over with my knees together, trying to hold it in. However, I couldn't hold it and just released my bladder. All this time, Pam was just laughing and saying how crazy I was, and overall having a good time. I told her that it was very cold and that it's constricting my bladder, and I let loose. She busted out laughing, all while she was still recording.

My pee felt so nice and warm while I was in the water. To make it more plausible that I was embarrassed, I submerged my crotch underwater and got up a few times during my pee.

Though I'm not sure if she actually saw any pee come out, she did comment that I was polluting the bay. After I told her I couldn't get to that landing because the water was too deep, I got out of the water.

I definitely felt so relieved (literally, pun intended) knowing that Pam experienced me wetting myself. We laughed a bit and I commented that I felt much better, we cycled a bit more before we decided to call it a day.

After putting our bicycles away and as we hugged each other for our goodbyes, I told her that I still needed to go. That's when Pam broke away and said "ewww" again, in a childish way. As she got into her car into the driver seat, I told her "I'm gonna do it!" I don't think she saw it initially, but she must've seen the stream run down the front of my shorts, as she turned her attention quickly to me. She started busting laughing out loud and rolled down her passenger side window, and said "Are you kidding me?!" Honestly, she was probably a little bit shocked seeing me wet myself, but to her it was amazingly funny. And yes, I left a pretty sizable puddle of pee on the ground.

I texted her one more time when I got back home that since the sun has set, it was cold and that a wind blew right through my thin skinsuit, and I peed once again, overflowing my shoes. She texted "omg. you are such a dork! :D".

Well, tomorrow's another adventure. Let's see how long I can do this for. Tomorrow's gonna be my green top and black shorts ensemble...

*002*2016-05-29 14:12

For me, it's the actual excitement of someone else witnessing an actual wetting and to see their reaction – not to have intercourse with. I'm definitely not going to go down that road of forcing others if I got nothing but negative vibes, but it sure did seem like my colleague had a good time with it. :)

