Drunk and high hold

Author: soakedboxers

*000*2019-11-23 10:31

Starting to do a hold at home when crossfaded (drunk and high). will update this as it goes along, starting now. I already need to pee a little and am drinking a water bottle and taking a shot (fireball)

*001*2019-11-23 10:50

More information: I'm wearing a pair fo boxers and pyjama pants right now and am lying in bed. The boxers have a decent amount of paper towel in them to hold leaks and I have an empty solo cup (16 oz) beside my bed to hold leaks. I've been drinking with friends since 10 pm (it's now almost 6 am) and have peed 4 times, each time nearly filling one of these cups (i peed into the cup when in the bathroom instead of the toilet). I have little control over my bladder at this point (nearly 15 shots and 4 bowls in)

*002*2019-11-23 11:51

I'm too drunk to be able to hold well. After about an hour and 20 minutes I let out a long spurt. My panties aren't wet yet but after I stood up after that more peed ribbled out of me. I'm currently in the bathroom. squirming and desperate (don't worry, I won't use the toilet)

*003*2019-11-23 11:55

I tried to spurt again and ended up leaking for a while and now have a small wet spot on my underwear

*004*2019-11-23 12:03

Third spurt just caused desperation and a long leak (about 5 seconds). underwear are decently wet now, and I think a drop hit the floor. still absolutely desperate

*006*2019-11-24 10:11

Near constantly dribbling now and can barely hold it in. Standing over a bucket at this point to avoid too big a mess starting leaking uncontrollably (about 7)

At 7:15 I sat on the bucket and just let go. I was so used to holding it just dribbled out, and my underwear soaked through, the butt getting very wet. I'm almost sure i'll still need to pee in a bit, but for now I'm enjoying the wetness of my underwear and the paper towel in them

Posting this later bc I reached the day's post limit. please recommend hold ideas - drinking with friends again tonight!

