First Time To Try: My Holding

Author: Night

*000*2012-05-23 22:01

This is the right place to post this? Oh well...

After waking from a nap, since my mom had arrived at my apartment, was at around 12:30-1:00pm. I hat to use the bathroom slightly, and (knowing I myself had drank a glass or... three... of water) went to pee, but didn't go much at all. But better safe than sorry, since I would DIE if I wet or showed desperation in public, and my mom was comming to take me to do my laundry, since I don't drive, and it's cheaper this way.

Anyways, while waiting there, I downed a full bottle of water, so it's safe to say around three bottle-fulls of water (maybe more, since I sip on water a LOT) was now heading to my bladder. I didn't notice my need to urinate until I arrived home and my mom left, around 3:10, I believe.

I decided to celabrate moving out on my own about a week ago, I would experiment holding my pee. People have been visiting, and honestly I haven't been in the mood since I don't wish to be caught. It's just not an easy topic to tell your mother or best friend. They wouldn't judge, because I could tell them anything, but... still. TMI really. I drank a very small half a glass of water at this time to quench my thirst (and fill up my one gallon pitcher with sink water to cool it in the fridge for later), and waited half an hour, then drank a full glass of cold skim milk. It was good, though I don't normally drink or like to drink milk.

I decided to go read some omorashi stories, for entertainment, and around 4:15 I started to remember my problem. I had to pee. No, not "I would like to pee soon, but..." More like, "Water. Is. Cruel. I would love to pee right now... or a few minutes ago." But I refused. I've never had the guts to go all out and wet myself, so today I would at least hold it till I squirmed for a bit.

Happily, I started to notice that my bladder was filling up, and because of the slow rate it filled at, some pee was already teasing my hole. I could feel the pressure of urine somewhat in my bladder, but mostly right above my crotch area. I was constantly clenching and unclenching my muscles to keep it all inside. It was hard to move around too fast, and slightly painful. As I hate pain, and the idea of pain, I tried to stay still. It was still possible, so that I did.

I had to get up to do something, and the walking was painful a bit, so I decided to massage my lower tummy in order to relieve some of the pain. I'm glad I did-pain left a bit, but need to pee increased. I could tell that my bladder was definately full.

4:30, a small drop started to leak, but I easily stopped it. Why stop here? I didn't want to pee just yet, as I wasn't even squirming quite as I wished. My leg started to go up and down, and my eyes water, my mouth starting to salivate slightly (I do this sometimes when holding, not sure why...)

I decide to go ahead and go to the bathroom, so if anything did happen I wouldn't soak the new carpet. The landlady would kill me, after all.

Around 5 minutes later I'm standing up, bouncing. Hunched over. I forbid myself from holding myself, sitting down, or going in the toilet. For the first time I'm using the tub. Small spurts escape into my panties. This is the point I was hoping for. I still try to hold back as a trickle escapes and tickes the the side of both my legs.

I start to sway back and fourth, picking up one foot at a time as I do so. My thighs start to press themselves together, like glue is holding them. I felt strangely relaxed, but desperate. I don't know what to do by 4:40, and am really needing to pee pretty bad. I stood in the tub and put my hands on the high-up bar to prevent holding. I had my legs crossing and uncrossing each other, and by 4:42 I was fully crossed, and long spurts were comming out, my body slowly starting to take over. Another minute, and I released, just peeing, feeling the warm liquid flow out and down my legs (I didn't move them apart much). Even though I was still attempting to hold a bit, I gave in and finished my pee, which must have been for another minute.

After that I cleaned up, and finished my "report" and am now posting it. :]

Sorry there's not as much description, it's my first time doing this. I'm a writer, so I'm not satisfied with my own lack of detail. I shall experiment more ways of desperation, and hopefully find something good to share another day. :] No pics this time, and I do not wish to describe my looks. Just imagine how you will. I'm not a model by any means, but aren't ugly either. There. :] Right, I love to ramble. Pressing send now.

*004*2012-05-24 23:53

Thanks you three. I'm glad you enjoyed it. :] I know I did. Haha... Thanks again. If anyone is interested, I have a thread in fiction/fanfiction as well with a story, and asking questions for a possible chapter story, if enough people want to read it. :]

*006*2012-05-25 03:32

Well, I did that yesterday, right before I posted. I have consumed about.... 2.5 larger glasses of black tea, and kinda need to go, but I don't know If I'll wait or just give in. It's already late... but we'll see. I'm wanting to do this again, but I don't want the habit of too frequently, as I don't want permanent damage or anything. I'm a bit paranoid about that. Haha...

*008*2012-05-25 04:31

Well, I held it, and kept a log, you could say. I believe I shall post it.... Not sure if here, or in a new thread....

(Decided to go ahead and post it here)

###

To start off, let me say I consumed a whole glass of black tea in one sitting, then over the course of an hour or so another full glass was downed. I don't know how long it took, but by 10:30, I discovered a need to pee, though at first I wasn't sure I was going to hold or not. Of course, I did... This is my account, starting at 10:40.

10:40, somehow, in 10 minutes, because I drank a lot, fast, the desperation is starting to kick in. It's not too bad, but every now and then I'm unconsiously twisting my hips and clenching my lower muscles. I decided to hold, since it looked it may be over relatively quicly anyways.

My body is sending signals to my mind, assuming I didn't get the "pee" message the first time, but I can pretty easily ignore it. I feel a little cold to. Five minutes later, I feel like almost squirming, but I'm still pretty calm and still, and decide to go read an omorashi story.

10:50, I'm still pretty still, reading got my mind off things, but now that I type about it, I remembered that I really do have to pee now. I can feel my muscles flexing, and can't help squirming to keep it in, but just barely. I'm at the point I enjoy now, so I'm definately holding.

By the way, I'm sitting on my bed, with my laptop propped up in front of me on a pillow, sitting "Indian Style". This is my normal position while using the computer, seeing as I don't have a desk. A stand, yes, but no desk (I wouldn't use it anyways). And Uuugh! I do have to pee. Really, I'm starting to squirm a little. (10:55). Back to reading for a little bit.

Ok, it's 11 now, and I had once agian forgotten my need while reading. Of course now that I'm typing, I'm squirming more, and my bladder is definately full, wheather I like it or not. *smile* I almost want to laugh for some reason, but that may be "fatal" if you know what I mean. My body is starting to shake, and I can't stop clenching, squirming a bit as well. Not quite enough to pee yet. I wan't to hold longer. I paused reading to tell you guys.... I looked over at my cup. When it happened is beyond me, but apparently it's half empty, which means I have more liquid (BLACK TEA) in my system than my poor bladder is used to. My habbit of drinking and sipping... That's why I'm now squirming as I finish this update, (11:05)

11:10, and It's starting to hurt a little. Not pain, but pressure wise, and my hands are shaking so it's hard to type. I'm swaying back and fourth, twisting my hips, and about to go to the bathroom just in case. I'll finish the type up when I get back.

###

Here's what I did:

I went to the bathroom with some difficulty and took off my nightgown and panties, deciding I couldn't risk wetting in them, because I don't have access to a washer, and my mom helps with laundry, so too much wet clothes... I've told her about some fetishes, in more or less terms, and she was surprised (not expecting it) but of course accepted the fact that I'm odd. Haha, we've always known this, and I love being odd. :]

Right, anways, I'm not ready to tell her about this one, so I let it go for now, since it could be one that just makes her worry a little. Mom's just can't help that stuff, no matter how loving and accepting overall they are. Everyone has natural limits. So... back to the story.

I decided to bring the computer into the bathroom, not able to judge how long it would take. That's the thing about my bladder. It does what it wants, when it wants, why it wants, no exceptions. I hardly notice my need to pee a lot of the time, and can apparently hold for a while, but other times (like this) not so much. ???? As I headed for the bathroom a second time, a spurt escaped. By the time I headed for the tub, I was already nearly peeing myself, my body rejecting the idea of standing, the pressure of gravity having it's effect.

I headed for the tup, already nearly peeing myself. The effort it took to step over the edge to stand in the tub was great, loosing a bit of pee as I did so, but I managed to recover. However, I started to pee a bit, quickly crossing my legs hard, full force, to stop from doing so. I was going to maneuver, but my bladder said no. As soon as I released the slightest pressure, I started to pee hard, and closed myself off even harder with my legs crossed as much as I could handle. Even with my legs crossed, I was shaking, and my right leg (over my left) was bouncing, vibrating, muscles trying to obey, but becoming unwilling.

A stream of pee escaped down my thighs, but I held on, not wanting to end it just yet, but this was not to be. At 11:15 I just counldn't hold it even while crossing, and the pee started streaming down my legs, so I uncrossed and gave in, the pee making a hissing noise, spattering on the tub's surface, so I moved in a way, allowing it to run down my leg instead, so that hopefully my neibors wouldn't hear (the apartments are designs so that the "center" of the one-bedrooms building is where all four bathrooms touch).

Then I typed this up, and I'm going to send now....

*011*2012-05-26 00:48

Reading about pee stories is one thing, but writing it is another. It is possible it affects it a little, but what I notice most is when I'm trying to dig down and describe my urgency, it really makes it worse. When I describe something, I try to really get into the feel of it, a habit of writing a lot (I roleplay and am writing a story), so when I write about my desperation... I "get into the feel" of my desperation and pay extra attention perhaps subconsciously, so the need increases because I'm fully focused on my bladder rather than on something else. However, you may have a bit of a point with the switching to typing as well.... Maybe next time I'll try to remember to experiment with this. See if it's typing in general, or if it's typing desperation like I suspect, or perhaps both...

And there may or may not be more this weekend. I don't want to overdo it, since I'm not a fan of UTI, but if it just happens that way, who knows? However I know I'm giving myself a break eventually... I'm sorta having a bit of insomnia right now, probably from my Abilify medication, since I accidentally skipped a couple days. Or the fact I've been drinking a LOT of caffeine (I never drink caffeine), or even the fact I had sweets the two days. (I avoid most sweets as well). I need to readjust, get some good sleep (unlike last night) and then I'll see. As usual, it's all up in the air. Haha....

My bladder is a bit unpredictable... though apparently I have a larger than normal bladder, based on some stuff I was reading today.... Eh, who knows. It is what it is.

*015*2012-05-27 00:56

Well, I got four hours of sleep last night, and took a nap to finish it off, so I think by tomorrow I'll be awake and ready to have some more fun. :] I figured as much since I have pretty good, healthy systems, and it likes to kick out bad things. I plan on drinking SOME tea, but not nearly as much as I drank the first night... I'll stick to water, and next time I'll make sure to get decaff tea so It doesn't affect my schedule.

I think I understand what you were saying better now, like it's waiting to say something till I pause. I get dense sometimes. (Ok, a lot). lol I'm not sure if it's that, or what. I'm really not the best at answering questions like this... My disability likes to kick in. Let's see... I don't know if the pause affects me or not, I didn't think about it, but I know that the act of describing it really is a good part of what does it. :]

Let's see... as for what I was reading, it was several different things. Basically that normal, healthy, adult bladders hold up to 2 cups (16 oz) of urine and still be comfortable. That quickly the liquid is added depends on how much extra water your body is trying to get rid of. And most will need to urinate when the bladder reaches 400ml (just less than 2 cups) however it can be held up to twice that (800ml, so less than 4 cups?) of urine on average. I drank more than that, that's for sure. :/ I really don't know, and the only way to REALLY know is to measure urine at an auto-loss, or an ulra-sound or something. I guess.... Like I said, who knows. Haha...

And thank you for commenting on my writing, everyone. I always want to do better writing, it's just not always good enough. But as long as you guys like it, I'll leave it be, since it works for me. I really love to write, it's a gift from God. I remember when I was in first grade, the teacher called my mom, accusing me of copying the story I wrote from a book! Of course, I didn't and the teacher eventually believed us. Though it wasn't always so great. In 5th grade? we had vocab words. We were supposed to use each in a sentence. "Brilliant" me, I was bored and used each in a sentence all right... but I turned it into a story using the sentences. Guess what the WHOLE CLASS had to do the rest of the year? Story vocab. ... I was not well liked. lol

And I don't mind any posts (as long as they aren't rude, of course, which none so far are) since I enjoy replying to them. I love to ramble, and online is the only time I get to really talk with people.

Also, I do plan on holding/wetting tomorrow sometime, if time allows before my mom comes, so I may have another story for you guys. Of course if she comes early I may not. I'll go to bed early tonight, just in case, and I should feel fine in the morning. Theoretically. I won't do anything that seems damaging, though, don't worry. One time I stayed up so long (I was reading a book, I get TOO into them) that I could not sleep, and got to the point I was "seeing" things, "feeling" things mildly, and I took a benadrill and still just laid there forever till I finally slept a little, then wound up not sleeping good/long till the next morning at the water park, while I laid out. Lessons were learned. It was freaky. 

1. NO staying up reading books. I now have a loosely permanent bed time set for myself, minus very rare special occasions. 2. Books are good. Sleep is healthy. Priorities. 3. If I start feeling "numb", then I need the max dose of benedrill and sleep before it gets worse. 4. Sleeping under an umbrella does in fact not prevent sunburns, though sleeping outside is very comforting when sleep deprived. :/ I wish I was joking or lying, but sadly, it's true to the best of my memory. I've learned when it's serious insomnia, and will never let it get to that point ever (ever, EVER) again. Ever.

*017*2012-05-27 18:00

{{ 

Don't worry about whether you fully understand anything that I rattle my mouth about here. I construct these contorted theoretical ideas of what's going on inside me, and sometimes they are just so many of Pam's loose screws... The thing is that almost everything on this subject, from why I like it in the first place to how my bladder works exactly, is somewhat mysterious to me, and as much as I like to hypothesize and conjecture, the truth is that I like not knowing all the answers... that's what keeps it interesting.

I'm glad you got at least a bit of sleep the other night. How did last night treat you? Yeah, stay away from the caffeine for a while. I'm saying that to you partly so that I hear those words echoing in my head this evening when I walk into the kitchen and am tempted to partake of something caffeinated myself. I have to get up very early tomorrow, and staying up late would not be good.

My own love of writing blossomed only after I was out of school, though there were subtle hints of my interest in it early on. Very subtle. Most of the time it was a maddening exercise for my parents and teachers getting me to write anything at all. It took me forever to get myself started on anything from an essay to a term paper. I guess I got mired in my own sense of structure, and aspired to write better things than were necessary or than I was capable of. By the time I was old enough to handle the responsibility myself, so many papers were never turned in because of procrastination. If I managed to get past the first paragraph or page, things were usually different. I hit on a rhythm, and words flowed. Teachers liked my work, when they got it, but were frustrated by my inconsistency in completion. 

This all seems so strange and distant to me in looking back, because now you can't shut up my fingers once they have a keyboard within reach. If you're the slightest bit interested, I'd be happy to share what I think may have been one of the little turning points along the way. In any case, I really wish that I had been nurturing my writing ability since childhood like you have. I want to try submitting some stories here, apart from the things that I've just added to existing threads here and there, but I'm trying to decide whether to base them in pure fiction, perhaps built upon life experiences, or to dig through my memory and see what real tales I can dredge up.

I have a bad habit of staying up reading books, sometimes promising myself that I will stop reading and go to sleep once that moment comes when I have to put the book down and leap out of bed before something gets wet that shouldn't... Most of my lessons learned have been about staying up too late and then sleeping through appointments, and other blunders that could be career-damaging. I'm lucky not to suffer from insomnia often, unless I get carried away with caffeine. I hope you eventually find habits and rhythms that allow you to almost always get the rest you need. I've known several people with that problem, and it can be a serious headache.

}}

Oh, I love to chat and ramble, especially over the internet. I'm not good at talking in real life, and this is the chance I get, so I take it. I agree on a bit of a mystery. In fact, it can pretty much be a turn on. :] Well, sorta, for me, that is.

Like I said in my new topic, from my latest hold/wetting, I did sleep alright last night. Back to a normal schedule now. Yeah... I'm not supposed to have caffeine, like I said, and normally don't like it. But If someone gives out of kindness, I don't like to refuse their kindness without good reason (or if it's coke, as I don't drink cokes, and fyi coke = sodas in general). Like yesterday I was visiting my great aunt... She offered me a cookie, and I said no thanks because I don't want or need sweets, and besides I am on a diet. So we went to the grocery and bought ice cream. T.T Haha, it was good though. She was real happy to share it with me. :] Though it brought the story of hansel and grettel to mind....

I'd be happy to hear more about your writing and turning points. :] I love to write, but only when /I/ want to write. Otherwise... like with papers for college, I procrastinate real bad, but having a perfectionist period in my past, I am used to being about to pull something good together, about 4 or 5 pages in word, in an hour. (double spaced, normal font). One time, I have a paper of mine saved about respect, and the real definition, and I wrote that in an hour and a half. It is one of my all-time favorites, other than the paper I wrote on my adventure in Silver Dollar City Theme Park, Missouri, USA. I also write poetry, and procrastinated on that as well, and have a couple really good ones saved. And most were A papers/poems, somehow. ^.^ Makes me happy. It's odd.

One hour or two last minute paper, turning it in before closing, one minute to spare? Grade A. 92% I think it was. But taking my time, spending a day on a paper on the topic of my disability, of which I'm highly interested and able to chat of more easily that the other topics, I struggled more with and wound up with a B. Hahaha.... I'm used to procrastination. Probably not a good thing, but better late than never, right?

I usually sleep pretty good, though sometimes I oversleep.... I love to relax and rest. I'm not lazy or anything, but just have lots of spare time. But when I do something stupid like drink a near gallon of caffeine, I tend to have problems. Expectedly. Haha... I'll learn eventually. Just slowly, I assume.

*019*2012-05-27 19:28

Well, caffeine naturally isn't good for females (I have no clue why, too unconcerned to research further). I used to drink LOTS of caffeine. I would drink cokes, caffeinated tea, cappuccinos, but not water or juice. And eat lots of chocolate, which I believe has it as well sometimes? Don't remember. I decided a couple months ago to stop my addiction to it, and cut off of it. I cut off of all drinks other than water and occasional juice (besides very rare occasions, and if I do drink a coke it's probably Sprite, a clear one). And I seriously cut down on sweets, sadly, I haven't been able to cut them out completely, but I feel SO MUCH BETTER physically and mentally. They sometimes taste odd now, and I just don't feel right on caffeine anymore....

Plus, I think I mentioned before, I have HFA (High Functioning Autism (have plenty you can learn about it)) as well, so I think it affects my behavior a little, and I'm not sure if it's in a positive or negative light, so I like to just avoid it, but it's not like it's actually dangerous or anything... besides possible insomnia.... my med can occasionally cause insomnia, so caffeine on top of it really isn't a good idea... like when I didn't sleep two nights ago... But it's under self control and everything.

And yes, I try to be a good person. I wrote up a "positivity prayer" a month ago, and have been reading it aloud daily, and I'm trying to keep things in an upbeat light. It takes work with God for me to be a good person, trust me, but by his grace I've changed into a lot better of a person.

