Wetting while being Babysat

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-08-10 04:20

So, this occured in first grade, so I was about seven. I had gotten off of school that day, but remembered that my mom would be late to picking me up that day due to a prior engagement, a medical one I believe, so she arranged for me to stay at the house of my best friend, let's call him Joey, until she was finished. After his mom drove the two of us to his place, we went off to play. It was during a game of hide and seek that I felt a familiar twinge in my bladder.

Normally, if you've read my previous experiences, you would have wondered why I simply didn't just let it flow into my diaper. I would have, except I had run out. My mom had stashed the last two diapers in my backpack and promised, by the time I got home, I'd have a fresh pack waiting, which, more often than not, was the case. The first spare i had used before class had begun, having pooped in it on my way to the bathroom with my mom, so I could go before class began, which was a daily occurrence if I could spare the time to try and use the bathroom, and the second, I had soaked during a recess game of tag.

Squeezing my legs a tad to relieve pressure, the game was eventually called off as Joey's mom had made us some snacks. Still under control, though I did had to stop and squeeze my thighs together at least twice, and let out a few droplets into my dark green shorts that I wore beneath the school khakis. After the quick snack of grilled cheese sandwiches, I felt my need to pee slowly rise.To visualize how I had to go, I guess picture a bucket, slowly, but surely, filling to the brim with pee. My need was still under control, but growing ever harder, so I guess a smidge or two above the half way point of the metaphorical bucket. By now, I was, albeit as discreetly as I could, squeezing my crotch with my hands, only for a brief moment, to try and help relieve some pressure.

Eventually, when the bucket was filling up to the brim, I decided to try and find the bathroom. I recall there being two bathrooms, one downstairs near the stairs, and one upstairs, by the bedrooms. Squeezing myself once again, I headed to the bathroom closest to where I was, which was the downstairs bathroom. Knocking on it, I heard the slightly lispish voice of one of Joey's younger sisters, who were twins. I honestly can't remember their names, as I never really spent that much time with them. Anyone, upon hearing one of them say something along the lines of a todderlish version of "I'm using the bathroom." I dribbled a tiny bit more into my shorts, thankfully having avoided drenching my khakis, as those would be far easier to hide the wet spot.

Now squirming and holding my crotch, I carefully, but quickly, ascended the flight of stairs. Knocking on the other door, I found Joey's mom in there taking a shower. By now, the bladderal bucket was basically splashing a bit out of the brim, and I knew I'd lose control any second. Wanting to minimize damage, I took my khakis off, and set them aside. Leaning against a wall, I let go. A feeling of relief exploded over me as my young bladder released, soaking the front of my shorts, sliding down my legs, and dampening the carpeted floor beneath. After the relief washed over me, I grabbed some napkins laying on a nearby shelf, and used them to wipe up my legs, tossing the wet wad into the trashcan. Pulling up my khakis over my dampened shorts, I went out to the backyard to go play with Joey.

This was also the day he accidently threw a wooden block at my head

*003*2018-08-10 05:52

{{Just now, BENAir01 said:

Did anyone notice? Did your khaki shorts hey wet from the peed shorts being beneath them? What happened to the puddle?

}}

Not that I knew of, as I didn't see the other sister, and I had heard nothing indicating either of the bathroom doors were opening. They didn't, as my khaki slacks had been put to the side. I don't know in all honesty

{{1 minute ago, OmoNinja said:

Oh well that's nice

}}

{{:

Yeah, we were playing some kind of game, and he accidently tossed a wooden block into my head. It didn't hurt too bad, but left a bit of a bump

}}

*005*2018-08-10 05:54

{{Just now, BENAir01 said:

Oh I didn’t mean did anyone see you peeing, but did anyone notice after the fact that you had owed yoursel?

}}

I don't think so, as my wet shorts were covered up by my khakis

*007*2018-08-11 16:39

{{7 hours ago, blasseroz said:

I love the deliberateness of this knowing that you were going to go; removing your shorts so as to hide the event; feeling and watching the event as it occurred, and being careful to cover your tracks. I am presuming that the outside shorts were some kind of synthetic that didn't take up moisture from your undergarment.

}}

No, they were khaki slacks, but I think its due to the fact my inner shorts had absorbed a majority of the moisture.

