Bed wetting all night

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-05-23 20:59

So a couple nights ago an incorrect Starbucks order ended up leading to a night of continuous bed wetting.

So for context, I have undiagnosed ADHD, and because of that caffeine effects me really differently. It actually makes me feel sleepy rather than more awake. I won't bog the story down with neuro science, but it is relevant. I struggle getting restful sleep, and one of the few things that helps me get that is coffee. I hate the taste of strong coffee, so my daily Starbucks order is white mocha with blonde espresso (less bitter coffee taste and actually has more caffeine) extra shot, then a whole bunch extra white chocolate syrup and some toasted vanilla.

A couple days ago I went to a different location than I normally go to, got my coffee and drove home. It wasn't until I was about to go to bed that I realized, they'd used regular espresso instead of blonde, so it was really really bitter. I needed the caffeine to sleep, so I decided to add a fuck ton of sugar and milk and just chug it, then go to sleep. I ended up having to double the volume of liquid to make it palatable, so a full 32oz (946.4ml) of milk, with 225mg of caffeine.

So I drank the whole thing as fast as I could without making myself sick, stripped down to just my panties, and laid down to sleep. I thought I might have to pee pretty bad in the morning, but I was already feeling tired, and the caffeine was making me sleepy really quickly so I figured I would just deal with it in the morning, maybe wet the bed for fun.

I don't know how much time it was, but just as I was starting to drift off, I started to feel the need to pee. A little annoying, but my sleepy brain was determined to just ignore it and wait until the morning. My need to pee grew really quickly, and after not to long there was to much pressure to comfortably lay on my stomach. I tossed around from side to sit trying to ignore the building pressure and go to sleep, but the need to empty my bladder was keeping me awake.

Eventually I opened my eyes and looked down at my swollen bladder making my stomach bulge, and knew I needed to pee before I could sleep. I sat up to actually try and use the toilet, but as soon as I did a big spurt forced it's way out, quickly soaking my panties and leaving a wet spot on the bed. At that point I just decided, fuck it, tomorrow's laundry day anyway.

I relaxed my muscles and let it flow. A strong stream of pee flowed out of me and pooled around my butt and legs. A loud hiss filled the room, and I couldn't help but moan from relief. I didn't fully realize how badly I needed to go until I actually started peeing. I must have peed for almost a full minute, and it felt soooooooo good!

Once I was done I basked in the feeling of relief for a few seconds, then laid back down in my big, warm, wet puddle. It actually felt very comforting. I was just about to fall asleep when I started feeling a strong need to pee again. I had already gotten the bed wet, so I just let it flow again. That sweet rewetting feeling is something I'll never get tired of. Feeling the wetness get all nice and warm again.

I did eventually fall asleep, but at least 5 times that night I woke up with a feeling of a painfully swollen bladder that desperately needed emptying. Each time I said, fuck it, and just peed in the bed, and went back to sleep.

I woke up the next morning to a truly soaked bed. I have a queen size mattress, and almost the entire bed was covered in pee. I gave it one last wetting, my usual big long morning pee, then put the bedding in the wash and took a nice hot shower with my favorite vibrator.

*003*2022-05-24 00:39

{{1 hour ago, FreddyBeerz said:

The feeling of being warm and wet for the entire night must be so amazing. Obviously if you've already wet once, the sheets have to be washed regardless, so it makes total sense to keep going until morning. It also sounds like the day before laundry day might just have to be espresso day now too!

}}

I might every once in a while, but my blonde espresso is too tasty. I have heard some people say caffeine goes right through them, so many this new coffee habit of mine will lead to more wet nights.

