Spontaneous Shenanigans in the morning

Author: ifeelgood

*000*2020-11-26 01:41

Hello everyone!

So, when it comes to doing deliberate holds for fun I am quite the novice.

I have tried some Milonova-content but always b*tched out before the risk of actually losing control got too high, mainly because I don´t live alone and I don´t want to risk beeing caught.

Usually, when I get out of bed the first thing I do is take a pee. But today was a little different.

When I woke up I decided to postpone my morning pee. The plan was to make it the last thing I do before leaving the flat for uni.

I lay in my bed and snoozed for another good half an hour. Then I finally got up, went to the kitchen and drank a glas of water.

I was pretty unconfortable already so my bladder did not quite like that. I was not extremely full or anything but there is something about morning pee... that makes it very hard to hold. I entered our bathroom which is separate from the toilet in our flat and quickly brushed my teeth.

To make it harder for myself I decided that it would be a great time to shave (my face that is ).

So I filled the sink with some water and started going at it.

At this point I had already took of my briefs because I originally planned on taking a shower.

After very few strokes and razor-rinsing by shaking it in the water I became very aware that I had set an unrealistic goal.

I had to go. I had to really persuade myself to not just say f-it and go to use the toilet. There was undeniable pressure but I was not in pain or anything.

It was more that I felt weak, like I could loose it at any moment now despite not feeling full to the max. I went on shaving.

Stroke... washing of the razor making inevitable water splashing sounds... teasing water splashing sounds...

Stroke... washing of the razor making inevitable water splashing sounds... teasing water splashing sounds...

Stroke... washing of the razor making inevitable water splashing sounds... teasing water splashing sounds...

When I got close to done it happened. I lost control for a second and spurted into the water in the sink.

I clenched hard but there was no use. I guess I can blame the self-enforcing acoustic stimuli.

Sound of pee splashing into water  – > harder to hold  – > more leaking  – > even more sound and so on.

So, I could´t stop it right away and after about three or four seconds I didn´t even wanted to anymore.

Because the release felt nice and it was just hot.

When I was on my way to uni twenty minutes later I caught myself drooling over pretty much every nice butt in jeans I saw.

It´s funny how much such a little extracurricular activity can be such a turn on (for me at least).

Well, that was that.

