Chugging water before bed leads to strong desperation in the middle of the night

Author: DataLover88

*000*2022-01-21 07:53

I just had a great hold and wetting experience. So basically, I started the hold off with a few drinks. Nothing much, just a little bit of vodka and some soda. Vodka and soda both tend to fill my bladder up quickly, especially in large amounts, but I only had a little today. So I only got at about a 6/10 when I was done drinking. It was also getting sleepy since vodka also tends to do that to me in small portions. It was getting kind of late, so I was starting to lose my patience a bit. I decided to do something new. I would chug water then go to sleep so my bladder can fill up while I sleep. I wasn't sure how this would go since I never go to bed with a full bladder, but I decided to give it a try. I drank about a 1.5L of water then fell asleep immediately.

In my dreams, I could tell my bladder was very full. My dreams focused on finding a toilet to relieve myself in with no luck. I dreamt about my bladder bulging out so far and being so full of pee. It was honestly the closest I could consider to be a wet dream without actually being one. However, this didn't last. I was only asleep for three hours before my bladder woke me up. It turns out my dreams weren't too far off from reality based on my bladder bulge and level of desperation.

I was absolutely bursting, 10/10. I was going to burst in less than a minute. I immediately grabbed two towels and there them on the floor so I didn't have to worry as much about the mess. As soon as they were on the floor, my bladder gave in. Pee just shot out of me for about 2-3 minutes straight. I soaked my pants and both towels with enough per left to still make a puddle on the floor. I'm honestly surprised I held that much in without leaking in my sleep. I'll have to do that again and try to last until the morning next time.

