Various Accidental Desperation Stories

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-02-18 07:02

I was in early middle school and I was at a party/sleepover type thing. We went to bed in the living room. I was right up against the couch, and most everyone was in front of me. I was the last one to fall asleep of course. It was about one in the morning and I needed to pee. I tried on multiple occasions to step over people to get to the bathroom, but I kept making too much noise or stepping on someone’s foot or something. I was too timid to just ignore that kind of thing. I laid back down and went to sleep.

I woke up with the sunrise because I really needed the toilet. I was still so tired, but my bladder was pulsing intensely. I again tried to step over people, but I ended up stepping on someone’s finger and waking them up. That was embarrassing, and I just layed back down. I curled into a ball trying to sleep because I had to piss so bad. I eventually fell asleep again, this time waking up because a few other people woke up too. I had a fucking hard-on so I pretended to be asleep until it passed, but I seriously needed the bathroom. Once it was halfway soft I got up and went pee.

In elementary school, a girl was crying in the bathroom for a really long time. I needed to pee, and so did this other kid I was with. He was much more open about it. When the girl came out, the teacher let him go first because he looked more desperate. I nearly wet myself that day.

Kind if accidental, but not really. I was in a hotel room and wanted to do a hold. Drank a lot of water, and some time later my bladder was pretty full. I was bored, though, since I wasn’t too desperate yet, so i decided to walk around the hotel. I looked at all the decor and stuff, and eventually got something to eat, including a medium coke. Now I really needed to pee. In the elevator, doing kind of a pee dance/march thing, I tried to remember what floor my room was on. My hotel key only said “17.” 

I went up to a floor and walked hurriedly around looking for a room 17, but I couldn’t find one. It was getting bad. I was seriously needing to piss, and I couldn’t find my room. My bladder started to hurt, and i headed over to the elevator to go to a different floor. Again, running around frantically trying to find my room and not piss myself. I did this again on another floor before just going down to the lobby and using their bathroom. I relieved myself into a urinal, quite disappointedly, but still relieved to not have wet myself. I eventually found my room, though, on a floor i had already checked :/.

