Polyamory holding contest and piss drinking

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-06-20 21:30

Been a hot minute since I posted on here, life got busy, but I have a helluva story for you.

So I'm polyamorus, and our whole polycule has a thing for piss, and we've been wanting to try something with all of us for a while. A couple days ago we decided to go for a good old fashioned holding contest. Rules were simple, everyone had to wear at least their underwear, constantly drink water, and hold it for as long as they could. I suggested the addition that the first person who pissed themselves had to drink everyone else's piss, and they all very enthusiastically agreed.

Participants were me (they/them), my boyfriend who I'll call K (he/him), his fiance S (she/they), their mutual boyfriend D (he/they), and D and S's mutual girlfriend A (she/her).

We all met up at K and S's place and decided to get started right away. K, S, and I were all in our underwear, D was wearing tight blue jeans, and A had on gray leggings. We were all watching TV for a distraction as we all started chugging water bottles. I had peed right before I got there, so I was starting with an empty bladder.

A was already fidgeting in her seat halfway through her first bottle. D and S made some cute little remarks about her having a weak bladder, but she was determined to last this time.

After the first bottle I was starting to feel the need to pee just a little, S was fidgeting a little, D and K were grabbing their crotches, and A was bouncing hard in her seat.

A bottle and a half in, A had started pacing around the room while moaning, which was honestly pretty hot. I had a really sudden jump in desperation, going from about a 3/10 to a 6, and soon joined A in pacing. K, D, and S were still sat but all holding their crotches and saying they were feeling like they needed to pee pretty bad.

Two bottles in, A was holding for dear life, S and D had started pacing too, and K had managed to stay sat, but only because he felt like he would burst if he stood. Him and D were visibly hard as well. I was desperately holding myself, feeling like I would burst at any second.

A suddenly yelled out that she was leaking, and held up her hands for just a second to show the dark wet spot on her crotch before holding herself again. Seeing that I felt a leak of my own seep into my panties. It seemed like it was between me and A who would be drinking piss that night.

Impressively, we managed to hold it for another solid 5 minutes, everyone else watching the two of us in horny anticipation. I could feel my bulging bladder contracting, trying to force me to pee. I was about to lose it, when A dropped to her knees and announced she couldn't hold it any more.

She gave a loud sigh, splashing and hissing filled the room as piss flowed out of her and quickly puddled under her on the floor. Dark patterns spread across her leggings as she peed herself.

Seeing that made a big leak force it's way out of me and start to run down my leg. I blurted out that I couldn't hold it anymore and she needed to drink it now. She nodded, I stood over her, and I just barely pulled my panties out of the way before shoving her face into my pussy and releasing. The relief was absolutely amazing, and feeling her tounge and mouth on me was so good that I almost climaxed.

I was tempted to stay there and let her eat me out until I did, but there were three more bladders that needed emptying, so I stepped aside. Besides, with our history, there was no way this wouldn't turn into an orgy. S was right behind me with her panties already down. A barely had time to catch her breath before they shoved her face into her pussy and started pissing. A was touching herself through her wet leggings, and I couldn't help but do the same. It was so fucking hot to watch! I thought my boyfriend was a piss drinking champion, but she didn't spill a single drop.

S stood next to me after she finished as D stepped up. He was dancing around as he waited for her to catch her breath, before putting their cock in her mouth. D sighed as he started peeing in her mouth, and she gratefully swallowed. S and I just enjoyed the show as he sighed and moaned in relief. Once he was done he kneeled beside her, slipped his hand into her leggings and she started moaning as well.

K stood up, holding his cock as he walked over to her. He has a really difficult time pissing when he's hard, but always releases immediately after he cums. So she took his cock in her mouth, and started bobbing her head and sucking. D slid her leggings off, positioned her on his lap and started fucking her while she sucked K off. Eventually he came in her mouth, then immediately started pissing, and she swallowed it all.

The rest of the night was very long and eventful, and a a whole lot of fun. We all got to go at least one round with each other's partners, and by the end of the night I had gotten a creampie from both K and D, eaten A out until she pissed on my face, and came so hard I peed three more times.

It was an absolutely amazing night.

*002*2022-06-21 08:24

{{2 hours ago, Cutiepie135 said:

I’m not into piss drinking but this gets me hot

}}

A being a human urinal will never not be hot. And let me tell ya, the sensation of letting out a big long piss that you've been holding for a while, combined with the feeling of oral sex, is fucking amazing!

*004*2022-06-22 06:05

{{10 hours ago, BladderChamp said:

This was so hot! Have you all had any other contests before or since?

}}

S and I had a holding contest before this. We were hanging out at my place with my roommate on vacation and had a threesome preplanned for weeks, so decided to add a bit of piss fun. Whoever could hold it longer got to take K's dick first. It was really close, we both held in three bottles for almost 45 minutes. She burst first, pissing her pastel pink panties see through as she released. She peed for a solid minute, there was a massive puddle.

And since I won I got to ride K's mutant horse cock first. He laid down, I kneeled over that massive veiny beast reverse cowgirl style. I looked S dead in the eye as I sank down onto it, and started pissing halfway down his shaft. Let me tell you, peeing with a cock in you, especially a big one, is fucking fantastic. I peed for a long time, piss was flying everywhere as I bounced on his cock.

She got a little bit of revenge by making me lick the piss off her pussy until she came a few times. I still got a nice big creampie in my pussy first though! She got to ride his cock next while I rode his face. He's really good at eating pussy, and I refill really quickly after a good hold, and I tend to lose bladder control when pleasure gets too intense, so I peed on his face just as he nutted in her. And he peed on both our faces after we had him shooting blanks.

Ah, good times.

*006*2022-07-04 17:27

{{57 minutes ago, tennyson said:

I love contests where everyone wins. And this sounds like one of the contests I have dreamed of all my life.

}}

The only contest where losing is also winning. Peeing in someone's mouth, or drinking pee with your mouth on some good pussy or dick. Win win either way.

