m/Drug Test Desperation

Author: IHTPP

*000*2020-09-13 23:31

So I was getting ready to start my first job, 19, and it required a drug test. Before I left the house I chugged a whole lot of water to make sure i had to go, way more than i should have but I was super nervous about peeing while someone listened and the door was wide open. This was before i was into desperation outside of my home, i never held, but I had a very shy bladder in high school and into my early 20's. The testing center was 35 minutes away, and i began my drive. It was quick that my already semi filled bladder began to swell with all the water. The only way i felt i had the mentality to pee was to be full so it had to come out no matter what.

I was 10 minutes to the testing center when my bladder was beginning to become super uncomfortable. I was kind of pressing my legs together, trying to pry my belt so it could have more room to fill. I parked and went in, trying my best to feel as casual as ever and went up to the desk.

"OH honey you're a bit early, if you can have a seat we will try to squeeze you in. I sat down, a guy in his 40's was there, and a guy in his 30's i'm pretty sure was talking to another lady. I began to tap my foot quickly, nervously looking at the clock. 10 minutes in the guy said "Looks like your Dam is ready to blow haha, i'm right there with ya!" He laughed as he got called back. I was the last remaining person. I remember my bladder feeling like every inch was filled, and I was really worried at that point. Finally I got called back. I stood up and could barely walk straight. The lady gave me the directions... and that's when I freaked out.

"Fill the cup, don't touch anything, leave the door open, you only have 15 seconds to empty yourself from the moment you begin urinating." I stood at the toilet and unzipped not able to contain the torrent of piss i began going immediately in the toilet, quickly getting the cup under it and filling it up in literally a second. I continued to pee, and then cut it off... which was so freaking hard. I still had to go so bad, i gripped my dick like it was a hose. Forcing it in my pants and letting a squirt out. I gave her the filled cup and she marked it and told me to wait another 20 in the waiting room to process the papers. I was hoping i'd be able to completely relieve myself, but i guess not.

30 minutes passed and now i was beyond what I was before the test. Every second i'd think i would lose it, I was literally busting at the seams and didn't know what to do. They finally told me I could leave and gave me my ID. I jumped in my car and gave myself a hard squeeze. I just had to make it to somewhere with a bathroom. I drove with one hand in my dick and one hand on the wheel. Squeezing my dick as hard as i could to keep the pee in, until i couldn't wait any longer.

I immediately pulled off the road because my dick began to turn up the pressure and it started to drip like a leaky faucet to the point of me having a golf ball sized wet spot. I stood up on the side of the road and my dam the man was talking about finally busted. I tried to quickly unzip my pants and whip it out but the damage was fierce do to the power stream that was smashing into the leaves below me. This was the only time I've ever accidentally wet myself and I've tried to get myself to that point but i've never succeeded. I wish i could have measured.

