Huge mess completely on accident

Author: AudreyLovesPee

*000*2016-05-27 21:13

Hi guys this is my first post in awhile.

So today it was really hot in my house becuase it's getting to be summer and it's always hot in the summer where I live. I was relaxing on the couch wearing only panties, bra, and a t shirt since it was so hot.

I was watching YouTube when all of a sudden my bladder shot from not needing to go at all to 9/10. And then my butt had this pain that surged through. I knew I needed to pee and poo so badly but I was really enjoying the video. I decided to hold it. But that wasn't a good idea. With 10 minutes left in the video my butt couldn't take anymore. I clenched my butt checks so tight but it didn't help. The next thing I new the mushiest diarrhea I had every had started leaking out my butt. Then to make matters worse my bladder completely lost control. Pee shot through my pussy and out of my panties. In able to stop the poo and pee leaked out for almost 2 minutes.

When hen this was happening I was laying on my couch.

Halfway through my panties were already full. The poo leaked out the sides onto my butt cheeks and all over the couch. When it finally ended I sat there in the amazing warmth until the video I was watching ended. Then I went and took a shower.

Hope you enjoyed. This was a complete accident. I usually poop my self on purpose butt this time I had no choice. Now my poor couch is completely soaked and covered in diarrhea.

Now on I will set off to cleaning it. Hope you enjoyed

