I may have underestimated how much pee I had left in me (with pic)

Author: DouglasCande

*000*2020-11-10 18:29

This is a pretty short and quick story that just happened to me right now.

So I'm studying for some big test coming soon and when I study I drink a good amount of coffee in the moring as well as always having a water bottle next to me during the day. Todaym at about 9am, I felt the need to go pee, but decided to hold it off a little while I finished some practice questions. As soon as I finished I ran to the bathroom feeling extremely desperate, the release was blissful. It felt so good to finally release that I got the idea to drink a full glass of water every half hour just to see how long I could go without going to pee, or getting so desperate that I couldn't concentrate at all. Apparently all that coffee and the previous hold had irritated my bladder a bit because I reached that moment surprisingly quick and went and peed again.

This happened like two more times until I decided I wanted to just let go in my pants and wet myself. However, I came back to reality and remembered that I am currently visiting my parents at their house, so the full wetting would have to wait for some days when I get back to my apartment. Instead I decided to let go of all the pee I had inside in the toilet like I normally would and when I felt that I was finishing let the few dribbles come out on my underwear.

I peed for like a minute (not exaggerating, literally) and when the stream slowed down to a really weak little trickling stream and I was 100% sure that it would stop in less than two seconds I put my penis inside my pants and relaxed what I thought was the last few drops.

I was mistaken and a HUGE spurt came out just as I decided to clench my urethra to let the last amount of pee out. It made quite a splashing sound and left a small puddle on the floor (I'm home alone right now, luckily).

Here's a picture of the result:IMG_3067.heic

Since my pants didn't show any sign of wetness due to their material (they did get wet though) I decided to stay dressed exactly as I am, feeling and enjoying the wetness.

I have to go to the post office soon and I'm starting to feel the need to pee again, so I may get a little experimental and go there while a little desperate and see if I dare to let a few leaks come out in the parking lot lol

*002*2020-11-11 16:23

{{6 hours ago, ThiccusDiccus said:

Really great story, thanks for sharing! Sounds like you had fun

One thing though, what file type is .heic? I’ve never seen that before and can’t open it

}}

Sorry! Didn't notice that. Took the picture with my phone and it got saved in that format for some reason. Here is a .jpg version. Thanks for letting me know!

$$

*005*2020-11-11 18:46

{{15 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

You thought you were through peeing when the flow stopped, but that was because your bladder stopped contracting, not because your sphincter had closed. So when your bladder contracted again the pee had clear sailing down the urethra!

}}

Exactly! It felt really good though. The fact that it took me by surprise just made it better.

{{1 hour ago, BladderLad said:

Great account and picture!! That certainly was a big dribble!!

}}

Thanks! It really was a big dribble lol

*007*2020-11-11 19:13

{{10 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Lol- did the experience make you a “ little excited” by any chance?

}}

It did make me excited, just not "a little" lol

