My wife set me up for an outdoor concert

Author: scinosensation

*000*2016-05-09 08:25

One Friday my wife and I, in our late 20's, early 30's, walked home together from work and as usual went shopping. After we got home we made dinner and she gave me a beer to drink. When I finished it she brought me another, and then another and then another. I thought she just wanted a quiet evening at home together. After we finished dinner she said she forgot about a concert in the park she really wanted to go to. She said we had to leave right then so we could be near the stage. Shortly after we got there a family with three young girls arrived and sat on a blanket near us. 

The girls were young enough that I soon saw that they were wearing cotton panties under their dresses. On the other side was a family with two teenage girls. I asked when the concert started. My wife said after sundown, about 2 hours. Finally the concert started and went on with music not of my liking. There was an intermission that lasted about 15 minutes. Bright lights were turned on. No one near us moved but the lines to the port-a-potties instantly grew to immeasurable lengths. I was drunk and not sure I could stand if I wanted to.

Shortly after the intermission it was as if my kidneys knew intermission over, time to get to work. Within minutes my bladder was full and pressure waves began each stronger and longer than the one before. I was drunk enough that when a pressure wave was so strong I felt an orgasmic release and warmth at my crotch spreading to my butt. I stopped the flow and I simply thought I peed in my pants. As the concert went on another pressure wave came every few minutes and I held for the orgasmic release as I peed in my pants every few minutes. I was getting more sober as the concert went on. Finally the concert ended and the bright lights were turned on. I looked over to the young girls and soon saw they all had dry panties. I said to my wife did she notice anything about the little girls. She said no, what about them.

Just then the older of the teenage girls started crying about how she peed in her pants and the younger said she couldn't wait and stood up and peed in her pants. I said the teenagers wet their pants but the little girls didn't. She insisted we get up and go home immediately. I said I was drunk and didn't know if I could get up yet; besides I didn't want people to see my pants. She said it didn't matter; she wanted to go home. As I stood up another pressure wave hit and along with the orgasmic release warmth flowed down my legs. The youngest of the little girls loudly said mommy you said big people don't go potty in their pants. Her mother told her to be quiet. Another of the girls said but mommy that man went potty in his pants. He's big enough to be potty trained. Their mother said be quiet they would talk about it when the got home.

The next morning she started me, or more like resumed something for me I will describe in another forum.

