Holding Fail

Author: yoyohalo

*000*2012-03-12 22:22

Well this story may be a little bit short but i will try to add as much detail and make as long as possible.

It was my last year in high school and I was into wetting and all that but i did not know about this website. So I woke up that morning and i slept in a little bit so i was in quite a rush.

I had to get dressed and all that stuff in like 30 mins so i just pulled my favorite light blue jeans on and white boxers, white socks, and a white T-shirt (i like white) then hurried off to catch my bus.

I just caught the bus in time and i realized i forgot to pee but then i thought of an amazing idea, i would hold it until the end of the day. Well my bus finally arrived at my school and i hurried to my math only feeling the tiniest bit of pressure in my bladder.

I personally think math class is boring so i just dozed off in math class, and after math class was over i had my usual long drink of water. After that i headed to all my other classes feeling a some desperation now and felt that i needed to pee pretty badly.

So it was the end of the day and i went to get my little sister when i felt a big spike in my bladder so i hurried to my sisters class. Well she takes forever to get ready so i just stood there bouncing ever so slightly when she finally finished.

We always walk home after school so as we were walking i felt this major urge to pee so i tole Lilly (my little sister) that we should hurry home so that's what we did.

Luckily my mom wasn't home at that time so if i did wet i wouldn't need to worry but then i realized that i left my keys at home so i had to go the long way.I always keep my window open when i leave and there is this like ladder thing by my window that i use all the time.

Sp i climbed up the ladder thing to my window and climbed in my window, as i was just about to go to the bathroom i forgot about Lilly so i ran down the stairs and unlocked the door for her.

I was super desperate right now but just as i unlocked the door for Lilly she ran up to the bathroom before i could. Well i knocked polity on the door and asked if she was almost done well she said she needed to poo so i was really worried that i was going to wet myself... in front of my little sister.

After a very painful wait i felt a few squirts in my boxers and my bladder was really starting to hurt but she did finish and i rushed in and locked the door.

Well this is the moment i failed at, I was in such a rush this morning that i forgot the jeans i have on has a broken zipper that when you zip it up it gets stuck and you need a screw driver to get it back down.

Well i just realized it when i was yanking at my zipper and felt super dumb at that moment. I could feel my bladder about to explode and it was seconds away so i was panicking (BTW the bathroom i was in didn't have a shower but only a sink and a toilet). Just then my bladder exploded and I just peed my self making a big mess on the floor and my clothes were all wet.

After about a min i decided to risk it and make a run for it to my room and try to get my pants off. Well my sister was playing right outside of the bathroom so i was nervous but right when i started to walk to my room she turned around and gave me a slight smile. Well i made it to my room and i was looking for my screw driver when i realized my dad had token them to work so i was stuck in my clothes for the rest of the day.

Well to wrap up the story it was supper time and my sis did say to me am i ok and i said "yea im perfectly fine" well i knew i wasnt because i had to sleep in those clothes plus i smelt really bad from all the urine.

Well I hope you liked the story but i will describe what my clothes looked like after the wetting.

All over my light blue jeans it was dark and a really faded yellow, my boxers were stained yellow, my socks were a bright yellow and my shirt only had a yellow out line at the bottom of it.

Hope you enjoyed and please give me feed back good or bad.

*002*2012-03-13 03:21

Well it wasnt so bad, like it did feel all warm for like 30 mins but it wasnt the best

And thank you

