At the pub

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2017-01-07 15:54

I left the house at 6:30. I was probably on a 6/10 by the time I had left but I had drank so much before I left that it was going up quickly! I was wearing my pearl panties, then a normal pair of panties, my fishnet tights, ankle boots, and leather skirt!

I got to the pub at about 6:50ish after walking there. I had 2 glasses of wine between like 6:30 and 8:00 but because I was already full of drinks from before I left I filled up stupidly quick! By 8:15ish I was pretty damn full. Sitting at the table in the booth I kept crossing my legs and the pearls tickled me down below! I was really quite desperate. By 8:30 I couldn't take how risky it was me sitting there. At any point I could have leaked uncontrollably sat with my friends! I had to make an excuse.

The pub I was at has really terrible phone signal. I used that excuse and said "Guys a text just managed to get through from my friend asking me to ring her, I'll be right back" I stood up and hurried out of the pub out the back. Rushing along with my legs together pretty tightly was difficult and the pearl panties tickled like crazy!

I got out into the back garden of the pub and luckily no one was there. I sat my self on a bench at the back of the garden, pulled my skirt from under me, sat as close to the edge of the bench as possible and just exploded through my panties! I peed for like 45 seconds straight!

Honestly I felt so amazing. It was so warm. The relief was almost orgasmic! After I had finished I sat there for about 5 minutes letting them drip and dry as much as possible.

Walking back into the pub felt amazing as my wet panties and little wet pearls tickled me all the way back in! I sat my self back down on the end seat of the booth and made sure my skirt was pulled down as low as it could get. Then crossed my legs. Crossing them tickled like mad as the wet pearls slid up in between my pussy lips! I almost shivered from the tickle it gave me.

By now it was about 8:45. It didn't look like it was going to be an early night. My friend bought a huge coctail. She told me that it was 2 for £12 for these huge jugs! She told me she may as well have got two and handed me mine! I drank the whole lot! It must have been a whole litre maybe more! I had finished that by 9:30!

We had another couple of drinks and by 11:00 I was bursting to pee again! I decided to try and see if I could hold until we left. I knew it wasn't going to be long. Sitting there for another 20 minutes was torture. I kept clamping my legs and crossing them and wiggling and every time I did my pearl panties just tickled me. I sat with a quivering twitching pee hole for what felt like eternity!

Then suddenly everyone came to the agreament it was time to leave. Everyone stood up. I struggled like crazy! My skirt waist band was pressing tight on my bladder bulge and getting up was a right challenge.

I hobbled out the pub with my legs pressed together and my pearls rubbing me every step I took. All the way out the door.

I had to walk along with one of my friends for about 10 minutes. Her house was half way back to mine and the whole time I was desperately trying not to wet my self in front of her. Finally we got to hers and she just stood talking to me about her boyfreind issues or something. I have no idea what she was saying! Every ounce of my concentration was being focused on keeping my pee hole closed! I was actually sweating I was that desperate!

Finally she said she was going in!! YES! She shut the door and it kinda slammed loudly. I spurted! But somehow my poor little pee hole managed to regain control! I have no idea how. I quickly hurried down her drive and off down the road. I wasn't stopping for anything! Not even if my bladder gave up!

The pearls were massaging my like crazy and suddenly my bladder gave up! There was no chance I was controlling it this time. It was like a huge waterfall of pure relief flooding through my panties, and sorta flowing down my cold legs guided weirdly by the fishnets. I peed what felt like endlessly! Walking along splashing the pee off my legs and boots all over the floor leaving a little patern of pee puddles behind me. My boots wear totally flooded with pee and my feet felt amazing!

I got home like 5 minutes later. I was turned on like crazy but I am unfortunatly currently banned from coming! So reluctantly I hurried my self into the bathroon. Dived into the shower and just washed my self down getting undressed as I showered.

When I was finished I shoved my clothes in the wash and left my leather skirt on the washing thing on the radiator to dry out!

It was absolute heaven!

*007*2017-01-09 17:29

{{On 1/7/2017 at 8:34 PM, wrdb01 said:

Nice story, how come your banned from cumming?

}}

Failed to hold a set amount of time someone gave me :/ haha.

{{On 1/8/2017 at 4:05 PM, TeaWithDevin said:

This is actually the first time I've ever heard of pearl panties. (I had to go look them up.) Quite the interesting concept! Were they distracting enough to make it harder to hold than normal?

}}

Let's just put it this way. My ones are the double string ones. You have to pull them up and the idea is that one string goes one side of your cliterous and the other one goes the other side. Closing and squeezing my legs together clamped it and rubbed it! It was a massive distraction!

