Intense Desperation and an "Almost Made It" Accident... because of the Bus Driver's mistake.

Author: Roosterbutt

*000*2015-03-14 02:37

Yeesh, it's a been a while.

I come with a story! Two days ago, I rode the bus home, since I was off of tryouts for softball that day. I sat in the front and was half asleep with my music in. I didn't realize the passing of time and where we were going, but I'd been needing to pee-pee a little :3

I snapped up, realizing that we were at one of the local middle schools, the one eleven minutes away from my home walking. Of course, the bus driver noticed and was very apologetic.

"Are you sure you want to walk? I can take you in the middle school route."

Of course, me being stupid and too nice for my own good said I would just walk. I got up, exited the bus. Everything was wet and slushy around, as I trekked home. I'd dressed for comfort, a nicer pair of leggings I'd gotten for Christmas, Ugg boots, and a flannel for the spring day.

As I reached a crossing, my bladder was going more and more insistent. My little stomach was poking, those of you who like tummies, quite obviously through my shirt and the uncomfortable bloating was setting in. I stood there, perhaps shifting a little on foot and still humming as I waited on the cars.

After that, passed into the wooded area of my home. The path was not kind to my close to bursting bladder. At this point, I was at a six. I was holding myself, because I was alone and didn't need an accident on top of wet boots.

Now, as some of my small bladdered {yet strangely strong holding} brethren and sisters may now, desperation can jump very quickly. In the midst of the woods, my need jumped from a six to a nine. I bet over, whining and tearing up as a spurt burst from me painfully. I stood there, legs shaking, considering running up to one of the houses nearby. I couldn't. Besides the not knowing any of the inhabitants, I was spurting and passing gas as I needed to go in the other way fairly badly.

However, I recovered, and managed to jog to a blessedly empty home. I tore off my ruined boots, hung up my jacket, and ran up to throw the backpack aside then to the restroom.

It was too much to see the toilet and get my pants off. My wee wee hole twitched, and I started peeing uncontrollably. I sat there and sniffled, as my pretty polka dot underwear got ruined with bright yellow pee. Then I messed too, wheh. I took a shower, put on my sweats and padded myself with a few pads, then took a very well deserved nap.

Hope that made up for me being gone!

