Finally wet my bed while sleeping and sober!

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2018-08-02 07:30

I've tried to achieve this a lot of times. Since the last time when I was like 11, I've only ever wet my bed while asleep after getting black out drunk, like 4 times in total or something. I've come close a few times, the closest being when I awoke, immediately started peeing and only really grasped what I was doing after a few seconds. I've tried so much, but I'm a light sleeper so I always wake up before it can happen. I've tried rapid desperation techniques but I don't usually fall asleep fast enough before I need to go too badly to ever be able to fall asleep. 

I've tried putting on headphones with water sounds, I've tried quadrupling my daily dose of melatonin (using that daily is like the only way I can sleep for more than 4 hours so you can imagine how easily I wake up), I've tried totally tiring myself out before bed, several techniques to fall asleep quicker, only peeing a little bit every time I woke up and combinations of all those things but no matter what I do I always wake up whatever I try.

This morning I thought it was the same. I went to bed at 2am, tried my best; I drank 1.5 liters of water in half an hour, peed in the middle of that in order to not need to go too bad to fall asleep when going to bed and doubled my melatonin. I didn't expect much, but I was planning to wash my sheets anyway so I'd be fine with just peeing after I woke up and pretending it happened before as I always have to do.

So, I woke up and looked at my clock; 7am and I felt I needed to pee. I was convinced I failed, since this normally means I just woke up because of it. But instead, only after a minute or two, I noticed that everything around me was wet, and the parts where my body was not were already cooled down! That means I peed myself, slept through it completely and only woke up when I needed to pee again! The wet spot was huge and there was only one very small dry part left on my panties (like, 2cm^2 on the front at most). At most 1/4 of my shirt stayed dry. Apparently with the amount I drank it was just the right timing to pee the bed while I was at the deepest of my sleep. Finally, I know that it's possible! I thought I'd never be able to do this without getting so drunk I couldn't enjoy it.

Only downside is that I'm very tired now.

*003*2018-08-02 21:45

If you don't move and are sleep-drunk I've heard it's pretty common not to notice, if it's been long enough that there isn't a puddle anymore. I noticed when I moved.

