One quest too many

Author: Anathema

*000*2012-10-23 02:57

So, I'm kind of a boring guy. I'm afraid of wetting in public, and I'm just not prone to true accidents.

Being a geek, I've always played video games, and where I end up wetting myself most of the time is in front of the computer. I put a garbage bag down on the chair, and sit on a couple folded bath towels to protect it. I've never managed to overflow the towels.

It's very hard for me to drink enough to lose control, so I play bladder games to keep things from becoming painful and not fun. I'll relax my muscles and try to get as close to peeing as possible without leaking, then clench it back again. It's a game I never win for very long.

Lately, I've been playing Borderlands 2. It's a fantastic for desperation games because of it's many addictive game mechanics. You always want to finish just one more mission, or one more badass rank, or just level up, and before you know it, hours have slipped by.

So there I was, playing my game, kicking ass and taking names. My bladder was getting quite full, so to hurry things along I instituted a rule for myself. Every time I finished a wave of enemies and things got quiet again, I had to relax my muscles and get as close to wetting as possible.

Every few minutes I found myself pausing to relax to try and start peeing without actually peeing. I don't tend to fidget much until the seal is broken, so if you were watching, it would look like nothing more then I was stretching my wrists.

Before I knew it, an hour had passed and I was still dry, my natural urge to not pee in my pants still winning out on my attempts to tease it into submission. It wouldn't last long though. Every time I paused, it got easier to relax and let go, and harder to prevent myself from breaking the seal.

Finally it happened. I relaxed a little too much and broke the seal. A squirt leaked out and into my boxers. With my dick pointing up, the warmth was unmistakabke. There was no wet spot on my jeans though.

With the seal broken things began to happen very quickly. I was able to stop the leak, but the urgency was unrelenting and I had to clench constantly to prevent from drenching myself. I also began to fidget like, well, a boy about to wet his pants, grabbing myself and squeezing my thighs together tightly and leaning forward.

Not that it helped. Seconds after the first leak, my muscles slipped again and I leaked more, a full second this time. I had really done it now, there was a large stain on my pants and my crotch was bathed in warmth. I was able to stop peeing again, but the dam had burst and it was in vain. A second after stopping, I lost control, and this time I was only able to stop the strong flow after several seconds. No sooner had I gotten it under control, my muscles simply gave out entirely and i leaned forward letting it all flow out into my jeans. I could hold back no more.

Finally it was over, and I pushed the last of my pee out into my pants. my lap was completely soaked, and I had a delightful warm and wet feeling.

I was going to clean up right away, but I just wanted to finish one more mission...

*002*2012-10-25 00:37

Glad you like it. It felt a bit done to death at first, but then again, who doesn't enjoy true stories?

