Wet movie

Author: RedFox12345678

*000*2017-06-18 16:40

A couple of years ago, I read a story about a girl who deliberately slowly wets her jeans when she's watching a movie. I loved the story, so I decided to try it out.

First things first: I drank a lot of water and coffee to ensure I had to go to the toilet when I would be watching the film. I already felt the need to go when I picked out the film (a horror movie so maybe I could have a real 'accident') and put a waste bin bag on my couch (I do not want to ruin my furniture). Then I changed into a pair of grey skinny jeans, which show wetness clearly. They are also very tight, which puts more pressure on the bladder.

I started the film and drank some more water. In the first part, the urge to relieve myself increased, but I kept watching. I found it difficult to pay attention to the movie - my bladder demanded more attention and I felt excited about just going into my pants. (I guess that's why I do not remember which film I picked, nor do I remember the storyline).

Nevertheless, I kept watching and drank another glass of water. It was my 5th glass- I had hydrated myself well! It worked nicely: the pressure on my bladder became to a point where I could not sit still. I squirmed on the quich, but had not leaked yet.

After 15 minutes, the need to relieve myself became more urgent. I squeezed my hand between my legs and decided to just make the pressure more bearable. I relaxed and let a nice spurt flow into my jeans. A couple of spurts followed. My panties were feeling quite damp at this point, but there was no visible wetness on my jeans.

I decided to speed things up and leaned backwards into the couch and spread my legs. I loosened the control (which was surprisingly hard) and peed for one or two minutes. I felt the luiquid filling my panties, nice and warm before I felt the wetness. I relaxed one more time and this time, it showed. My panties could not contain the pee anymore and I felt it leeking into my jeans. A nice wet patch appeared in my cotch, about the size of a quarter.

Satisfied for now, I reseated myself with crossed legs and quitly enjoyed the feeling of my warm, wet pants. I drank another glass of water and kept watching the movie. My jeans stayed nice and warm for a pretty long time.

About 20 minutes later, I decided to re-wet my jeans so they could become a little bit more saturated. This time, my already soaked undies could not take much liquid anymore. The pee quickly pooled into the seat of my jeans, warming up my butt nicely. My previously damp jeans were now pretty wet: I had a nice wet spot in the back of my jeans, and the wet patch in my crotch expanded to the size of a baseballl. I enjoyed watching the wet spot grow and touched my jeans a couple of times to feel the wetness. Needless to say, the movie was long forgotten as I could not keep my attention on it. My wet pants appealed much more to me when I felt the warmth and wetness. I kept feeling the wet fabric and touching myself.

After an half hour or so, I still had to go, not having released all contents of my bladder yet. Also, my jeans were cooling off, so I let go once more, still sitting on my couch. The wet patch glistened when I re-wet myself, expanding to the size of a good basketball. Still not satisfied, I stood up and fully released all the pee I was holding. It ran down my legs at the front and the back, very visible. My socks became soaked and before I knew it, I was standing in a puddle. My jeans were now very wet -the inside of my legs and my crotch were completely soaked. My butt had a nice round wet patch.

I throwed a towel at the puddle and made my way to the bathroom, where I turned on the shower to become even more soaked. The warm water soaked my t-shirt in several minutes. My already wet jeans were even more soaked, heavyily sticking to my body. I sat down and let my clothes become drenched.

It was a nice evening.

*003*2017-06-28 18:29

{{On 2017-6-21 at 7:51 AM, The Dark Wolf said:

Love that story. Thank you

To the horror movie thing, I do sometimes wonder what a fear wetting - or a "laughing too hard" wetting - would be like. The closest I've come to involuntarily peeing is forcing some leaks by getting into positions when I'm desperate.

}}

I wonder about the fear wetting too - maybe because Stephen Kind described a lot of them in his books and I've read almost all of his work when I was a kid. I've never had one and my attempt obviously did not work, although I had a full bladder. I also never had a 'laughing to hard' wetting; the closest I've come to that was leaking a bit when I was a kid.

The only time I peed involuntarily was when I had a bladder infection, but even that was not a full wetting, although my underwear was very wet.

