After Work Challenge + Pics

Author: TheHamp

*000*2021-01-10 07:19

Hello everybody!

I decided to finally make an account on here after many years of being into omo and browsing this site. I decided to celebrate by coming up with an exciting new challenge to try.

For some background, I work in a particularly stressful ward in a hospital which has been crazy busy with the pandemic. Needless to say, bathroom breaks are scarce. My facility supplies us with a cart full of scrubs that we change into for our shift and dispose of before leaving. I wear street clothes under my scrubs so I can just remove the scrubs and leave after my shift. This usually consists of a plain color T shirt, boxers, basketball shorts, and my work shoes. I would never do anything omo related while at work, but I almost always leave work bursting with pee.

Many days I have wanted to just lose control on my way home to blow off some steam and relax after a long shift, but I never have due to not wanting to ruin my work shoes or get my car wet. This gave me an idea for a challenge. I have been working a string of overnight shifts that end about 1 hour before the local big box store opens. My plan was to start drinking extra water an hour or so before the end of my shift, then drive straight to the big box store and buy the cheapest pair of shoes I could find. From there, I would take the long way home and just see what happens.

0400 rolls around and I have two hour until freedom. I decided to begin a sort of modified rapid desperation plan. I would drink one entire bottle of water for each of the next two hours of my shift. By 0600, I was bursting. I chugged one more bottle of water and relieved myself once before leaving work. Just as planned, it was already nice and clear and without much smell. By the time I reached my car at the top of the hospital parking garage, I could already feel the pressure starting to build a little bit once again. From there, I hopped in my car and headed to the big box store on the opposite side of town from where I lived. I arrived there at around 0640, 20 minutes until they open. I sat in my car, trying to focus on other things to take my mind off of the rapidly building pressure. I had only had the chance to use the toilet 2 times over the course of my 12 hour shift, so my body was really building up pressure fast from all of the night’s liquid, plus the extra at the end.

By 0700, I was borderline desperate. I got out of my car and headed into the store. Standing up helped the desperation a little bit, but not much. I rushed into the store right after the door was unlocked. The shoe section was all of the way at the back, of ocurse. Along the way, I also picked up some trash bags to cover my car seat, just in case. Once I got to the back, I spent some time looking for the cheapest shoes there. I finally found a pair of really nice dark gray shoes in my size for less than $10. These would be perfect.

By the time I got to the check out, I was absolutely desperate. Thankfully, nobody was in line yet so I was able to make my purchase and rush back to my car. I felt like just bursting right there in the parking lot and feeling the warm relief all down my legs, but I resolved to finish the challenge I set for myself. I spread out the bag over my seat and covered it with a hoodie I kept in my trunk. Once I sat down, I suddenly became more aware of how desperate I really was. The extra pressure on my bladder was intense, and super exciting. I knew at that moment that there was absolutely no way I could make the hour long journey home without loosing control.

I swapped to the new shoes while sitting in my car, atop the bag and gray hoodie under me, and set off. I can’t remember ever being this desperate while driving.

Every single bump, turn, stop, and acceleration was absolute torture. After about 10 minutes of driving, I hit a particularly deep pothole. I couldn’t believe it, but without even realizing it, a large spurt of urine began soaking into my basketball shorts. The feeling of actually loosing control, small as it was, was indescribable. The warmth spread over my right upper leg and seeped down to my butt. I have never wet myself in the car before and all of the excitement caused me to stiffen up considerably. Between the small leak and my chub, I was still desperate, but I felt like I had regained a small amount of control.

Another 10 minutes of driving went by just enjoying the wetness, when I suddenly felt more desperate than before. I knew there was a road about a mile ahead which led out to the countryside. Since this would be my first accident outside of my home, I wanted some seclusion, while still having the small risk of someone driving by. I turned down the road and suddenly realized, this road was unpaved and covered in gravel and potholes.

The sudden change from pavement to gravel was just too much to bear. I went around a curve about 100 yards from the beginning of the street and felt myself spurt again. Now was the time. I pulled off to the side, put my car in park, and got out. I tried walking to the other side of my car to give myself a little cover, desperately trying to clamp down on the spurts which were now hitting it waves. As I crossed the front of my car, I felt a trickle slowly creeping down my left leg, soaking right into my sock and the side of my brand new shoe. I grabbed my crotch and squeezed until I made it to the passenger door. I had finally made it. I took a moment to savor this moment of roadside desperation, already slightly damp. After holding back one more huge was of pressure, bent over holding my wet crotch, I stood up straight and completely relaxed.

Before I could even consciously realize I was peeing, I felt a warm patch slowly spreading across both of my upper legs. I admired the stream going down my left leg in the same spot where the first one went, slowing moistening my sock and new shoe. That was when I finally lost all control. Hot clear pee erupted from the front of my shiny black basketball shorts and began spreading all across the front. Several streams were pouring down the inside of both of my legs and all over my feet and the snowy ground under me.

Eventually, my shorts were so saturated, large warm streams were pouring off of the bottom brim and all over the tops of my shoes, while the streams on my legs continued to soak the insides. The relief was truly indescribable. In all of my years of experimenting with omo, this was the closest thing I have ever had to a true public accident. My head was reeling from the relief my bladder was feeling, and the awesome warmth which now covered my legs and feet. I spent several minutes just taking in the feeling and admiring the steam coming from my shorts and legs. Once I was completely finished, I looked down to admire my pants and new gray shoes. I was super excited to see that it was barely visible due to the black of the shorts and dark gray of the shoes.

I made my way back to my nice warm car and sat down. I still had another 20 minutes before I was home.

The rest of the ride hope, I kept on just letting the pee go any time I felt it, especially at stop lights. I would look at the cars around me and revel in the fact that they had no idea what was going on right next to them. By the time I got home, the hoodie under me was completely saturated. I collected all of my things from work and hurried inside before the neighbors could see.

So that’s it for my first challenge, public experience, and car experience all in one. Sorry if my writing is bad, this is my first time writing up a story like this. Please feel free to leave me any feedback about how I can improve future write ups. Now that I have a designated pair of omo shoes, I am excited to try all kinds of public adventures in the future. Thanks everyone!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2021-01-13 03:27

Thank you both very much! This is the first time I've ever really shared this part of my life so I really appreciate it. I can't wait to do more soon! Feel free to let me know if there's anything in particular you like to see.

