Wet Myself On the Blacktop

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-07-06 06:59

So, this occurred in 1st grade, during the mid year or so of 2004. It was one of my favorite types of school occasions, in this case, a free dress day. As it was a chilly day, or at least chilly for my past of California, I wore a pair of dark blue sweatpants, which still fit me then, a green T-shirt with a tan stripe in the middle, vertical, and green sweater, not too dissimilar to the school uniform sweater, sans the lack of the school logo, and this one was a tiny bit lighter shade of green. Alongside that were my newest pair of glasses at the time, a sky blue framed pair, and a pair of Velcro sneakers. Now you may ask, as I've reiterated in stories in the past, why I didn't mention my diaper. Well A. I thought it would be redundant at this point and time to do so, and B. I wasn't wearing one. I had worn my last one to school, had pooped in it changed,, and didn't have a spare.

Anyway, it was while playing jump rope with some friends (I was one of the two holding the rope handles), when I felt the need to pee. Letting out a small dribble, I clamped my legs together a bit, and kept on swinging the rope. After a few more minutes, and me now jumping, I felt my need to pee return. Not wanting to risk any of my pee hitting my friends in case of an accidental or intentional wetting, and also to have more time to play, I told my friends that I had to go to the bathroom. Letting out another dribble to regain my control, I made my way to the bathroom.

However, to my dismay, not only were all the urinals in use, with the only one not being Out of Order, but all the stalls were in use. Crossing my legs, I went out to go find a place to pee myself in peace. Eventually, I found a place on the blacktop with a little crater in it. Making sure I wasn't being directly watched, I looked at the sky, and relaxed my bladder. I made it look like I was simply watching the clouds and making a story or pictures with them. As the crotch of my pants darkened, the stream traveled downwards, and into the little crater beneath. I liked the warmth, especially as it was chilly that day. Once I had finished wetting, I went back, and began playing with my friends again.

*002*2018-07-06 07:27

{{3 minutes ago, blasseroz said:

Dark coloured pants have probably saved many youngsters from potentially hazardous social situations.

How thoughtful of you to contain the damage in a hidden location whilst wetting so publicly. I love your attempt at not being noticed by using a distraction (just like magic).

}}

Heh, true my friend. And yeah, I got to pee myself, and my reptutation was intact, win-win for young me. Also, yeah, granted, I'm more into star gazing then cloud watching

*004*2018-07-06 14:03

{{1 hour ago, BENAir01 said:

I’m surporsed you had the mental capacity to figure that one out at age 6 or 7.

}}

Heh, thanks man

*006*2018-07-06 15:38

{{3 minutes ago, Rileyy said:

Wow in first grade I never would have thought to do that xD I would've just like freaked out. Thanks for sharing your story!

}}

Thank you Rileyy, I have plenty more posted and unposted

