Boxers or briefs? Plus holding challenge (pics)

Author: Skinnyboy

*000*2016-10-04 22:08

Hello. I know it been quite a while since my last post but here's a little story from something that happened today. (Also want to discuss something at the end and I also need advice) (also I'm wearing male panties and lycra tights the ones that cover your feet as well)

So today I decided to try one of those nerd quiz things and it didn't go so smoothly. First off I have extremely strong bladder musels so it takes forever for me to get desperate, also theirs another bigger problem I have but I'll discuss this in this story. So I had 2L of water and after about 10hours and many more cups of water I started to get desperate. I was planning on holding it till I finally burst but it would of taking it forever, so I decided to do one of those nerd quiz and well it didn't go down to well. As I started the test I didn't feel nothing and even tho I was getting desperate but this is were it went really wrong. 

One of the question was "let out squirt for 1second and stop. What happend" and I tried to but even though I relaxed and tried to let it out I stopped when it reached the end of my penis. It really hurt so I had to start pushing it out. I gave up at the end and forcefully peed my self. I don't know what the problem is? Is it because I'm wearing breifs not boxers? also not bragging as I'm not that type of guy but I do have a really large penis and because I wear breifs it kinda gets tucked between my legs so I don't know if that's why it's happing? Also dose anyone have and suggestions on how to relax your bladder more? Also in general what do women prefer on men boxers or briefs? Always been a briefs man $$

$$

