A very wet afternoon!

Author: JuicySanae

*000*2018-03-11 00:37

Hello everyone~ I was debating whether I should have submitted this experience in a first person view or third-person view. I eventually decided to go with a third-person view. The events are real, but I referred to myself as "Sanae", since I feel it goes better the experience I've had.

Sanae knew that it has been a very long time since she had shown any sort of activity, but since Spring Break is around the corner, and she got more free time, it would be the perfect moment to indulge in wet, fun experiences ;)

So, she brings you a story that she had experienced today, just because she can't let moments like these pass up. These are the perfect opportunities~!

Alrighty, let's begin, shall we~?

It all starts 16 hours ago, when she started watching fun videos (namely a playthrough of Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Extreme Randomiser, for whoever knows it!), and she had with her a few drinks, including blue pop, water, and an energy drink. As the night wore on, she didn't think much about the drinks she had, as she was finishing to watch that playthrough. She stayed up for maybe about 2.5 more hours before going to sleep, not using the washroom before sleeping.

Skip ahead to this afternoon (she slept quite late, about 4am or so). She woke up at about 8 hours later, with a decently full bladder. It was more or less to the point where she'd normally start looking for a washroom in public; about a 5.5/10. No problems so far. For the next 20 minutes or so, she was watching a few topics here in OmoOrg. A few stories inspired her to do this hold, such as $/42492-watering-plants-isnt-just-for-guys/, and $/42467-a-trans-woman’s-very-public-accident-and-a-very-validating-experience/.

(Shoutouts to the authors of each of the stories! ^u^) These topics kinda motivated her a bit more to indulge in a nice, desperate wetting this afternoon, even moreso because her roommate had already left for Spring Break the day prior, and she hadn't been active in a few months. Her mind started racing and a few naughty thoughts came to mind...

She eventually decided that she was going to try holding until the twenty hour mark (that's a very 'realistic' goal, Sanae-chan... You know you can't go that far! >\\\<). And, she started drinking half a bottle of water that she had from yesterday, as well as another bottle of blue pop, yet another water bottle, and the energy drink that she hadn't consumed yesterday. This was was about 2 hours after she woke up. Needless to mention, she felt tingly down there... >\\\>

And now, as she waited for the drinks to do their magic, she started playing phone games, such as Clash of Clans and F/GO, to distract herself from her rapidly filling bladder (then at a 6.5/10). She slowly starts getting more desperate... And that desperation led her to ask for more of this experience... She decided that she would choose her favourite outfit to wet, hehe~ It was this blue, long cotton dress that she usually wears to bed, along with cute white bloomers, lacy tights, and black/blue striped panties. Pretty comfy, pretty naughty, pretty cute~ She waits for another hour or so, and she starts to get quite desperate, at about a 7.8/10. She could start feeling a dull ache in her abdomen, as well as a dull sting on her urethra. This was at about 14 hours in or so. In total, those drinks must have been about 1.3L of fluids.

Slowly but surely, Sanae gets even more desperate. She starts getting squirmy. Her bladder starts begging for release at the 14 hour mark. (8.5/10) As she was getting highly uncomfortable holding this full bladder, she decided to let off a 5 second spurt on the toilet. Phew~ A small feel of bliss, and the pressure was temporarily gone. With newfound confidence, she thought she could make it to the 16 hour mark without too many problems. But she... had overestimated herself yet again.

To try take off the edge of her desperation, she tried to masturbate a little, and distract her mind of the aching desire she desperately needed... But, it actually it made it worse! (ufufufu~ Y-Yes, I know... =3=) She was touching her rock-hard bladder every so often, each light poke sending jolts across her urethra and her body. It felt so good, she didn't want to stop, but eventually stopped out of fear she'd wet the couch she was sitting in.

15 hours in. She's trembling, and her bladder muscles are complaining more since that short-lived feeling of bliss. Now at a solid 9/10, she knew that even reaching the 15 hour mark would be a stretch, but she held on for dear life. She then tried to watch even more videos (this time an F-Zero playthrough, a high-speed futuristic racing game). The reason why she usually watched this game was because it helped her distract herself very well, since it is quite intense and fast-paced, thus, she had to keep focusing to watch what happens. But, alas, even her aching bladder could only take so much. When she started watching the playthrough she was at a 9.5/10. She knew she had little time left in her, and she tried to go on for as long as she could. Her bladder muscles were trembling, her bladder trying to push all that ocean of pee out of her. She did her best, trying to hold her groin, trying to sit straight (since it helps her), and breathe in a controlled way. But even then...

At the 15.75 hour mark, she felt the smallest spurt going into her panties, and knew that at that point, she wasn't going to keep going to the 16 hour mark, as much as she tried. So, still leaking, she got into position (the place that she lives in has carpeting in her room, so she had to resort to the living room, with all windows closed, of course), and the little setup she had made to contain the accident, which consisted of two towels to absorb anything she gushes, and a pair of socks to not wet the footwear she wore too much. She got into position, and at 15.8 hours, she couldn't take it any longer.

Slowly, a few spurts started coming in waves, before the dam broke, and started pouring a torrent all over her dress, bloomers, tights, and panties. It rapidly spread down her legs, and bloomers, as she felt the most powerful form of bliss that she could ever experience.

"AAAAHHHHHH~ <3"

As slowly but surely her bladder relaxed, and let out all the ocean filled within her, she went for about minute and a half before stopping. She was in Nirvana during that short time; she was moaning, and in ecstasy, enjoying every second; every millisecond of it. As the river stopped flowing, she felt so calm, so relaxed, so naughty. She decided to linger in her wet clothes for a while longer, all while enjoying the feeling of said wet clothes and the salty, slightly sweet scent of her own pee ;)

She still felt she had a little bit within her, but she couldn't let it out just yet. Although, because she was painfully horny, she played with herself again to try and help the desperation get to her a bit faster. All of this pleasure was quite overwhelming, and seconds seemed like minutes. After 15 minutes had elapsed, she finally came back to reality, wondering where those 15 minutes had gone. She surely was completely out there, if 15 minutes felt like 5, hahaha~ Ah well. She was still waiting for another wave of desperation to hit her, however small, so she could finally be completely empty.

Another wave of desperation came about an hour later, and she decided, since she was quite soaked anyway, she should just let go what was left into herself. She went yet again for about 30 seconds, with even more some sweet moans of relief. <3 And after that, her desires had finally been sated, and then she cleaned up, showered, and rested a little, still intoxicated from the sheer amount of pleasure she experienced. And now, after this joyous adventure, she is writing about it in OmoOrg, along with some bonus pictures~

This was my story about how a typical Saturday afternoon turned into a magical, naughty Saturday, from a third-person point of view. I hope you enjoyed this story as much as I did making it~!

With love, a very desperate Sanae.

