Wet myself on the treadmill ... sorry batman

Author: Bravestone

*000*2020-01-22 15:28

Some friends here have encouraged me to share my accidents more in forums. One I wished I had listened to better. Anyhow, I have had many over the years. I may share all the interesting ones eventually. However it is easier to just start with new ones as they happen. Be kind this is not that easy for me

So rewind to yesterday. As is typical I had a few small cups of coffee and a bit of a water before my lunch run. I had run 7 miles before work so had been drinking water all morning too for that. Now, I swear I peed before I headed to the treadmill in my company's warehouse (it's tucked in a quiet location to not bother others) but maybe I didn't. So I felt the need to go but usually running it goes away messing is the main concern running due to the bouncing. So far I've been lucky there over the years. Anyhow. As predicted the urge to pee disappeared as I set off into my warmup. I had planned two 3 mile intervals at race pace after warming up.

I wrapped up my warmup and hopped off the treadmill for water and some dynamic stretching. I had to pee sooooooooooo badly! Bathroom was other side of the facility. It hurt so bad I knew I couldn't do two 3 mile intervals with rest needing to pee that badly. As I was trying to figure out what to do the decision was made for me. A hissing sound on my shorts and warmth in my crotch was unmistakable. I didn't want to be caught or leave a puddle on the cement floor so I grabbed my towel from my gym bag and sat on it on the floor until it finished. I tried to look like I was stretching and towelling off sweat. The relief felt great but my face burned bright red with embarrassment as my batman towel absorbed my pee like an external diaper.

When done peeing my pants I hammered out my 6 miles and a cooldown in my peed in running tights and shorts. Raced back to change fast. I knew I smelled like I had wet myself. Luckily I sweat unbelievably running indoors so it was not visibly noticeable.

*002*2020-01-22 16:03

{{24 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Thanks for sharing and I am glad it didn’t stop you enjoying your run! I am the opposite in that I find it almost impossible to lose control so I am really interested and slightly jealous of your experiences

}}

You're welcome. I enjoy sharing so far My doctor believes its related to my enlarged prostate. However I had accidents all through elementary school. So not really sure.

*004*2020-01-22 19:43

{{Just now, BladderLad said:

Do you have a reduced bladder capacity or just struggle to hold on?

}}

Struggle to hold. Becomes intense fast unpredictably.

*006*2020-01-22 19:48

{{1 minute ago, BladderLad said:

That sucks- hope you can find a medical solution?

}}

I cope. This place can be very helpful that way at times. There are two things I can do with high success rate. Surgery or medication. Until I'm done competing in running events I really don't want to do either. Actually hoping for holistic fix before I do pull the trigger on fixing. If it ever got to be a nightmare I'd consent to surgery. But for a few accidents a year I don't mind yet.

*009*2020-01-23 09:54

{{5 hours ago, nerdy princess said:

It's great to finally read one of your stories. I loved it. Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you! That’s very kind. It felt good to post it.

*012*2020-01-23 13:31

{{11 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Ya, plus towel pees always feel so good and naughty

}}

They do. Especially as I was looking all around to see who could see me.

