Dumbest Omo Experience

Author: RandomWetName

*000*2018-05-03 18:11

So in this topic I would like to share one of my first and simultaneously dumbest omorashi experience.

This story took place when I was 12 years old. I just recently - not longer than a year - discovered the joy of wetting myself. It was summer and I was heading with the family to the pool. We were all laying in those typical plastic sun loungers, by the side of the pool enjoying the hot weather. Some time later I felt an urge to pee. A naughty thought crossed my mind... How about going to the bathroom, but letting it go in my swimming shorts instead? Sounded like a plan to me! I excused myself and went looking for a bathroom. Eventually, I found the bathrooms at the opposite side of the pool. I stepped into a stall, I spread my legs a little, closed my eyes and relaxed... I felt the boxerbriefs I wore underneath my boardshorts getting warm and wet. The wetness spread to my boardshorts and my legs. I could feel a puddle forming at my feet. Gosh, what a feeling!

I opened my eyes and looked down. To my horror, it was completely obvious what I had done. My red boardshorts were soaking wet between my legs and in the crotch area. Somehow, I expected it not to show on the boardshorts. What was I thinking?! How I could I be this dumb! I did not think this through, AT ALL. My heartrate raised rapidly as I started to panic. What do I do? What do I do? How am I ever going to hide this? Right outside the bathroom is the toddler pool with lots of mothers, i.e. witnesses. 

What do I tell my family? Shit, shit, shit! Not good... I figured there was only one thing I could do. Jump in the pool to erase the evidence. On my way back to the pool, I still had to pass the mothers at the toddler pool. I unlocked the stall and I made a run for it. I ran past the mothers, leaving some wet footprints on the asphalt from the puddle I stood in. No strange looks. So far so good! I continued running and immediately dived in the pool upon arrival. As I swam towards my family I analysed my surroundings. No one appeared to be paying attention to me. I sighed of relief. I did it. I hid my very public wetting and knew I had to become much more careful from now on.

So this is the first time I described one of my wetting experiences. If you guys have any feedback it will be very much appreciated. Like I said, this was incredibly dumb. I still feel bad for whoever had to clean up that puddle in the stall. It was also the first and last time I did something this bold.

*002*2018-05-04 17:07

{{20 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Can’t say I haven’t done a smililar thing before... although I must say most of my swimsuits growing up hid the wet spots wonderfully.

}}

Guess you had more luck than I did, haha

*006*2018-05-06 22:47

{{On 5-5-2018 at 5:37 PM, blasseroz said:

I love the way that desire hides common sense until reality hits - it's part of the 'thing' that makes omo so fascinating.

}}

Very true!

{{On 5-5-2018 at 10:22 PM, Spectator9 said:

We all do dumb stuff once in a while. I recall a poster who was home alone purposely holding his full bladder, and just as he started to leak into his pants a family member showed up. His leakage would have been obvious if he had stood up to head for the bathroom, so he remained seated during the hourlong visit, desperately trying not to wet enough to have it show.

I think he has learned to lock the door.

}}

Lol! Now that's an awkward experience!

