Desperate girl in the city

Author: Tibarary

*000*2018-10-06 18:07

The chance to see a girl holding her crotch in public is very very rare, but today I had the luck on my side.

I now here are not many comrades who like real involuntarily desperation with embarrassment, shyness, hidden suffering and so on. But someone who like such things can understand my enthusiasm about what I had seen a few hours earlier. Even it was not long or very eventful, it made my weak a bit better.

Today I was standing in a shopping mall in the very crowded city, only strolling around, as my eyes caught 4 girls in her best teens standing together in front of a bakery around noon. It looked to me as if they were arguing about what to do next. Nothing unusual so far. But then it happened, I nearly couldn't believe my eyes. One of the girls put her hand between her legs, only for a short moment, squeezing her pussy.

Now I was awake. Was it possible that she had to pee? I began watching them in stealth mode.

My view was blocked many times because so many people were walking through the mall. But to my surprise she did it again, she was holding herself again for a moment.

She was well build, slightly chubby, wearing a high waisted ankle free tight black jeans with a tight top which stucked into the jeans (I saw many girls walking around like this since a time and I must say I'm not a friend of such hight waisted jeans, always reminds me of the picture with Obelix, I can show you if you like, it's funny).

However, she was looking not bad with this pants and because she was only wearing a small denim jacket, nothing was hiding her crotch.

A moment later they got outside first but were coming back inside the mall only a few seconds later, obviously unknowingly where to go and again they discussed what to do next.

During this, she was bending forward an searched something in her bagpack which was standing in front of her. Her right hand was not grabbing her pussy directly now, but she took her hand on the inside of her right thigh to get pressure on her crotch with the edge of her hand or her wrist.

Interestingly this was the only sign I saw at her. She was not agitated or squirrelly like many girls if they have a full bladder, not that she was standing with her legs crossed. I don't know why.

I began to wonder, the mall has enough good cleaned toilets, not far away, so why didn't she simply went there. Her friends seemed not to recognize something and the girl did not excuse herself for a toilet break, however.

Again they were leaving the mall, she gave her pussy another squeeze, and I followed them outside (first I had a lot of time and no idea what to do next, second they were walking to the direction of the same tram stop like mine).

During the walk, she did it again, this time longer and for all to see (but none of her friends seem to notice). A few seconds long her right hand was holding her crotch very clearly while she was walking with a grimaced face.

One of the others said suddenly, "there is another food store a few meters ahead, maybe we will find something to eat there" and they walked inside and out of my sight.

The food store ("REWE 2 go", for my german brothers) was right at a big city square were also the tram stop was.

Even there were a lot of people around, I didn't follow them inside. In my opinion, watching someone in public is okay as long as the person don't notice this or felt uncomfortable. As good as the sighting was, and until today, it was the best of this year I had. Normally such a long and clearly crotch holding of a grown girl on daylight with lots of strangers around is very hard to find.

The tram stop was only a few meters away so I decided to wait for the next one, staying right where I was. Of course I kept an eye on the store and it took a while as the girls were walking outside again packed with salad and bottles of water or juice. They stopped not far away from me and one said "let's go there to one of the benches, we can eat there". The crotch holding girl did not held herself again as long as they were standing or walking. They placed themselves on the bench and began to eat/drink.

I got my way and saw them not again this day.

Thinking back, there are a few questions what might have happened. First I wonder why the girl didn't go to the toilet in the mall. She must felt embarrassed for visibly holding her crotch at her age. At least that's what I think. It is possible that the second store also have a toilet for customers, I don't know this because this store is new in the city. Maybe she relieved herself there.

Whatever, one of the best sightings since a long time... or I must go in the city more often.

I am sure, I will use this real sighting for a fictional story sometime.

