Another Hold in Jeans, but Accidental [lots of pics]

Author: anon789

*000*2016-02-22 20:54

This is just another hold on my part, but unlike the last few times, for this one I stayed in place until I legitimately lost control of myself. No running to the bathroom, just sat there and let myself involuntarily (that sounded contradictory...) leak until my bladder forced itself empty. The puddle under my butt was *very* warm, and may have gotten the chair a little bit damp despite there being two towels folded over twice each. Mildly infuriating, but worth it...

I think the series of pictures I took can explain the desperation process better than words, seeing as how holding challenges are well-understood scenarios anyway, but here's short description: after a couple hours of rapid desperation, a patch appears because I began leaking a bit to relieve the pressure. But by the time the patch had turned into more than one patch, I had begun leaking uncontrollably. Only moments later, my bladder decided to go full "screw you!", at which point I ended up gushing into my jeans so hard that the towels under me couldn't really absorb it all. :'( God, I hope my roommates won't suspect anything from today...

It's really a wonder how I even got decent quality pics out of this considering my lack of muscular control. o.o

I hope you enjoy!

*002*2016-02-22 23:50

{{: 

Thanks for sharing the pictures!! I should really do this and get some pics one day!

}}

Thanks! I look forward to when you do. ^^

*004*2016-02-23 03:13

{{: 

Need to find enough time alone first!

}}

Usually, yeah, likewise. Next time I want to post a video using a mounted recorder (phone, I guess?), inspired by Ellie's recent posting, but it will have to wait. :\ I can't keep taking work off as a part-timer...gotta pay those bills.

*006*2016-02-25 19:18

{{: 

Oh I enjoyed! I really...really enjoyed....

}}

Hopefully more to come...perhaps next week! :)

