Dinner Desperation & Wetting

Author: Lils

*000*2020-04-27 17:18

I have enjoyed what they say could be the last nice day in a little while, by going for a walk in a nearby park. Before I was leaving my home, I drank a bottle of water, and upon returning home I already felt a slight need to pee. Instead of visiting the toilet, washing my hands both before and after (I assume I'm not the only one whose hands feel like sandpaper from all the washing), I just washed my hands and sat on the couch with a new bottle of water and a cold can of coke. When half-sitting half-laying on the couch, I noticed that this was not the most optimal position for my bladder. My tight blue pants where digging into my tummy, putting some more pressure on my filling bladder. But I did not really care, and started watching my show anyway.

After an hour or so of watching television, and my need growing steadily while consuming those drinks, I was growing hungry. I got up to start dinner, and immediately fell the effect of gravity on my bladder - it was starting to get full and a need to pee was turning into desperation to pee. I put on the oven, got my pre-prepared sweet potato cubes out of the fridge, and started cleaning and cutting my veggies. I danced around a little in the kitchen, while filling another glass with water, and pouring water in the pan for cooking (and my bladder screamed at me for teasing it with that sound). Quickly I had everything ready to go, put the potatoes in the oven, put an alarm for when to start cooking the vegetables and sat back on the couch.

There was a bit more uncomfort sitting on the couch, and I found myself squeezing my tights together, and occassionally grabbing myself. Before to long, the first alarm went off and I turned the oven down to a slightly lower temperature, turned the potato cubes and put the vegetables in the boiling water. I put a new timer on my phone, and sat down again, to continue watching my show and hopefully finish the puzzle on my phone while still holding myself with one hand.

Before to long, dinner was ready and I really really really had to pee. I quickly prepared my plate and told myself that I would be allowed to go to the bathroom after visiting my meal. I took my dinner outside to enjoy the last bit of sunshine. The first part of the dinner went okay, desperation was coming in waves but I had promised myself to stop holding myself with my hand while eating. I felt the need to brace myself every time desperation increased and I felt myself tense in the chair multiple times. It became harder and harder to continue eating, as I often had to pause to put my full focus on holding in my pee.

When my plate was about half finished, the first leak happened. I paused in the middle of chewing my vegetables, as I felt some hot liquid flood my black panties. I could not see it immediately on my pants, so I was sure it was a small leak. This proved to be the first of many. After the second leak, just after I had finished chewing two bites of veggies, I could see a little wet spot on the wooden chair, about the size of a large coin. I was still desperately trying to hold, and my legs were shaking with the effort I was making. A third leak came, and made the spot a bit larger. I quickly continued eating, still thinking I could maybe largely make it to the toilet.

The fourth leak was way larger, and splattered onto the stones underneath me. After that, the leaks came more, and longer. A minute later, it was more like I was intermittently holding than that I was leaking, and my pee was partially going down the legs of my pants, and partially going over the chair and landing on the stones below. After what felt like a long time, I was able to stop and continue my meal, with my slightly cooling pants and the pressure on my bladder that had eased considerably.

It was when I got up to bring my plate back to the kitchen, that I leaked again, this time dripping pee in my pants up to my knees before droplets landed on the ground between my feet (thankfully keeping my running shoes dry). I clenched my legs together as I brought my plate back to the kitchen counter and walked to the toilet. I wasn't sure how long I could hold back the flow, so after quickly undoing my pants, I sat down on the toilet in my black panties and let the warm pee flow out of me through my panties and into the toilet. I saw small droplets being stuck to my legs as I sighted in relief.

After leaving the toilet and putting my wet pants back on. I observed myself in the toilet. At the front, only the line of pee in my inner tight going from crotch to knee was visible. My backside spotted a nice wet spot, that was glistering in my synthetic blue pants, and more wetness down my legs. I went upstairs to change (without bothering to shower first, who knows what the rest of night might bring with the amounts of liquid I consumed).

And now… I have to pee again, before I do some grocery shopping - because shopping is already stressful enough without being desperate to pee and having a weakened bladder from the first accident. But... I think I'll have a bottle of water before I leave, just to take care to not get dehydrated - you know….

