Having a genuine accident and nearly caught by the police.

Author: StubbornBunny

*000*2019-10-17 02:54

Tonight has been the most thrilling and unexpected wetting I've ever had. Seeing as i had just woken up and was really desperate i thought i'd start a hold. It started by posting a live hold asking if anybody wanted to control my bladder and seeing as i was already quite desperate, i wanted to challenge myself to see how long i could last! After about 30 minutes of me posting in the Live thread, i started to need to go badly. Like REALLY badly. But i was still determined to hold on and give it my best shot.

I went to my wardrobe and got the tightest jeans i had. They were navy blue, skin tight jeans which i fount out was a size to small and that's why i had never worn them. This would be perfect for a hold i thought, if i was to have an accident then it wouldn't matter and i could just throw them away if the damage was too bad. After about 5 minutes struggling to put them on, i got in my car and drove to my secret wetting location that i like to do in public. Although it was nearly 1 am, i still get a thrill knowing that somebody could see, or that i could get caught.

Little did i know what was going to happen later on! After driving for about 10 minutes to my secret spot, i pulled into the country lane lay by to find 2 cars parked up with people inside. My luck. At this point it was starting to get unbearable and knowing that I've got to hold it, made everything ten times worse. I quickly drove around trying to find another spot, i started to feel myself leak as a wet patch started to form on my tight skin jeans. I managed to gain control and stop before flooding my car. A few minutes later i fount a dirt path which lead to a dead end with a gate at the bottom. I quickly reversed into the spot, and turn my car off. I stepped out of my car to assess the damage.

I had leaked more than i had thought.

As soon as i had took the picture, my bladder gave way. I started gushing into my jeans and i couldn't stop it, the stream ran straight down my legs with speed as i quickly tried to take my shoes off. i felt it spread like a wild fire, all down my legs into my socks. It felt so good. I just stood there as i watched my jeans get darker and darker with the warm piss running down my jeans. It was really cold outside which made it even better. You could see the steam coming off my jeans! After i was done, i stood there whilst i had a cigarette, Trying to keep the feeling of the warmth while it lasted.

After my cigarette, i got changed and placed my dripping, pee soaked jeans into a bag and into the trunk of my car. I went and got in my car and sat there whilst looking on my phone. All of a sudden a bright like caught the attention in the corner of my eye. It was a car coming down the country lane. As the car got closer, i noticed it was a police car. My heart stopped. This sudden tsunami of fear engulfed me. I froze. The police car slowly drove by and stopped just after my car. I started to panic and felt my face go red. I was praying they didn't get out and search my car to find the newly pissed soaked jeans in my trunk. My heart felt although it was in my throat. The Police car then reversed, and pulled in front of mine. I pretended that i had just woken up from his blinding headlights shining through my car to make it less suspicious. It felt like the light was shining through my soul at this point, knowing that if they search my car there going to find my mess. 

After about 5 seconds of the police car facing me and them having a good look at whom is inside, They reversed and drove off. I could not believe it. My heart felt like it was going to explode. I sat there for about 10 seconds until i seen them take the corner and out of sight. I quickly started my car and drove in the opposite direction as fast as i could. I drove like i was in a scene from The Fast And Furious. When i finally reached home, i sat in my car and laughed. I've never been that close to being caught and out of all the people it was the police. I lit up another cigarette to calm my nerves and just give me time to take in what had happened. Whilst having the cigarette, i let out a little pee in my sweatpants as a reward

Hope you guys liked the story! I'm sure i wont forget this one.

*005*2019-10-20 22:36

{{6 hours ago, Gregory10031 said:

I'm not sure what country you're in StubbornBunny, but here in the US the police can't legally search your car unless they have a good reason ("probable cause") or a warrant. So just you sitting in your car on the road isn't enough to justify them looking inside your trunk

}}

Here in the UK it is a little different. They can pull you over to make sure your taxed and insured and also if your looking suspicious they can pull you over to ask if everything is ok (basically the police being nosey lol)

{{7 hours ago, themerger said:

Wow @StubbornBunny

- thrilling indeed! Thank you for sharing the story and pictures. I could imagine how that situation may have been less alarming had it been earlier in the evening. Also- makes you wonder what the other folks were doing parked near your usual wetting area. How often do you wet in you 'secret spot'?

}}

Glad you liked it! And i would say i try to go there 2-3 times a month. It's normally really quite around that area, it could be also used as a dogging spot

*008*2019-10-21 16:44

{{8 hours ago, ntiu_123 said:

What if you were still desperate and the cops caught you

}}

Honestly being that desperate, i would of lost control for sure. That would have been very embarrassing

