Literally taking the piss

Author: Alice grey

*000*2017-04-19 00:33

(I know its been months since ive uodated anything dont kill me)

This took place literally yesterday and I decided to write down the events while they were fresh in my mind.

Emily and I decided to go to town mid afternoon when the sun was at its highest, pretty dumb right? Of course.

As expected the sun beating down on us and the aimless walking we had been doing (not to memtion the 30-40 minute walk it took for me to get to town from our neighbourhood) left us extremely sweaty and thirsty, our main concern was our sweat which we went down to the toilets to splash water on our faces and freshen up, however then we went up to the nearest shop and bought two monster energy drinks. Emily didnt finish hers so i finished hers for her. We then went to subway (which had free refills) and drank till we felt bloated from all the pepsi we had ingested into ourselves befire starting our journey out of town to find friends. We ended up first at a mutual close friends house downtown and it was just after we left her house that i felt the urge to pee. Badly.

One thing about me is that my bladder is strange, when i need to go its sudden.

Next we made our way down to andrews house, declans house and eventually joems house. At this point i was ready to die. Literally i was in soooo much pain.

Unluckily as we walked through alleyways i realised i had left my pirse back at emily's house all the way up the other side of the city, i quickly told Emily what was wrong and naturally everyone was irrate at the idea of going all the way back and opted to wait while me and emily made the trip.

Me and a slightly pissed off emily began to make our way across the city to get to her house. I felt a nasty pang in my stomach from holding a can and a half of energy drink and atleast 4 large pepsi's. Emily looked at me wierdly never having seen me show this much desperation physically considering usually i would just let go because we had nowhere to go but home. This time i truly had to hold it.

She looked at me and asked me what pained me, i answered that we had best walk faster because i needed to piss so badly

"this is literally taking the piss" was her snarky response. As we walked up the hill to her house i was barely holding and even she was doing a pee pee dance of sorts. She grabbed her keys and fumbled with them until she finally got them in the lock, i could feel leaks begin to spring and dampen my crotch. Since it was her house and she could just change the moment she closed the front door behind me she just let go right on the welcome mat. I dont know why i didnt dash to the toilet as i had planned but i stopped and watched her as her legs grew wet and shiny the entire way down.

Her head was tilted back and her eyes screwed shut, when she was done she immediately stripped (she hates feeling cold wet) and i sprang back into action dashing up the stairs and to the toilet door only to find it was locked. A laugh sounded from downstairs as Emily made her way upstairs (emily often locks her toilet door when im over during our punishment games howver she had lost the key) Feeling more than a little pissed i shuffled my way into her room and pulled out a pair of her pants shed my own very quickly only loosing a few spurts and adorned hers. She is slightly thinner so her pants button pressed into my bladder and i stood on her shaggy rug and let go.

Her face showed surprise and arousal as she watched me piss in her trousers on her beloved fluffy rug with a smug look on my face. It felt rediculously good and warm and in her tighter pants it was a very sensual experience. Eventually i changed back into my own jeans (minus the wet panties) and we went back out, however after she made me come over hers and put the still damp trousers back on while i scrubbed her rug.

*004*2017-04-20 22:05

{{On 19 April 2017 at 3:29 PM, Brandie said:

Well done! Love that you stood on her beloved fluffy rug with a smug look! Was the act of defiance worth the work of scrubbing it? lol. I think it would have been.

}}

Definitely worth it, even though em was rather annoyed about her shaggy carpet getting pissed on she was more amused and aroused she said. So I suppose its a happy ending after all.

*005*2017-04-20 22:08

{{On 19 April 2017 at 9:14 AM, LunasAuditor said:

Wow!! I mean, just... WOW!!! Love that you put the wet trousers back on afterwards - you ever put on a pair that Emily has just wet?

}}

No, i havent but youve officially given me an idea. Id have to catch her right after and arrange it before hand (easier said than dont because Emily is rather spontaneous about wetting) and i must admit even though putting on her wet jeans after was arousing they were also quite cold.

