Always Discreet Test

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2017-12-05 21:12

As some of you will know, my OB has been acting up again. This has resulted in a number of wet nights and a couple of daytime accidents. As a result, I’ve been wearing protection to bed every night, and increasingly taken to wearing pads during the day. I’m scheduled to meet with my urologist soon, so at this point it’s just a waiting game. I’ve noticed that I’ve been doing a little less intentional wetting fun lately, most likely as a result. But despite this, I’ve still had a little bit of fun. This entry is about some fun I had with an incontinence pad and one of my favorite pairs of panties!

Incontinence pad technology has dramatically improved since my days of wearing maxipads and overnight period pads. I keep up to date on the technology and always send away for free samples of new diapers and pads. As a result, I’ve got a box under my sink filled with a very random assortment of pads, panty liners, maxi-pads, and other panty-protecting paraphernalia. Too many years as a student, I can’t resist the lure of free samples! Over the years I’ve tested out a lot of the products, and put them through their paces. The only problem with this system is that after awhile I forget what pad is what, so it can be pretty random.

So the other day I was doing house work, and wanted to have a little fun. I was wearing my delightful pink Little Mermaid panties, and had already had a mug of green tea. I should not here that green tea goes right through me, and I now only drink it in the mornings. Anyhow, I was pottering around the house, feeling naughty, and not quite wanting to just pee my panties or slide into a pullup (I had worn one to bed after all). So after tidying up the bathroom, I rummaged through my panty-protection box to see what I could find. There was a rather scant collection of thick incontinence pads, and so I decided, rather than testing out a new or mystery product, that I would test out one of the Always Discreet Maximum Regular Pads

.

I recently bought pack of these after my rather significant accident while out shopping, and I’ve taken to wearing one during the day when I’m out. They work really well for light to moderate leaks that result from say a sneezing fit, impact activity, or other such things that cause leaks. I know this from personal experience these past few weeks. Fortunately I’ve not had a chance to see just how absorbent they are when it comes to catching more serious leaks, the comfort of my own flat seemed like just the place to test them out. The pads are specifically designed for pee, and have lovely gathers and a nice purple design.

I’m not sure if anyone is familiar with key-in-latch incontinence, this is where you leak just as you approach the washroom. When my overactive bladder is acting up, this can occur to me, and this type of thing tends to result in the most serious daytime leaks for me. So my plan was to see whether these pads would hold up to a rather serious leak on my part.

I slipped one of these into my panties and then realizing that I should document my experiment ‘for science’, I slipped off my panties and snapped a pic. At this point I felt rather full as a result of the green tea. I slipped my panties back on, pulled my PJ bottoms up over them, and went trundling around the flat tidying up for about 15 minutes. I also poured myself a small glass of juice.

$$

$$

It didn’t take long before my mild feeling of being full had progressed to a strong feeling of needing to pee. Not the kind where you jump about and need to hold yourself, but certainly the point where, if I were out, I’d immediately start looking for a loo. I gave it another 20 minutes, which brought me to the point of needing to wiggle a little, and I decided that I didn’t want to do a ‘pushing it to the limits’ desperation hold. So I wrapped up what I was doing and slipped off my PJ bottoms (the laundry had already been done and I’ve washed enough PJs this month already). For the next 10 minutes I wiggled around the apartment, moving things about, but in a clear state of distraction from my full bladder.

$$

My plan was as follows: I would enter my washroom and see if I could trigger an authentic key-in-latch accident. If that didn’t happen (and they are fortunately not all that common for me), I would let out one squirt and then bear down to stop it. Stopping mid-flow is a huge challenge for me, despite years of trying Kegels. Me letting out a serious squirt would lead to a more serious accident. I would do all of this in the washroom, because there is no way I want to wet my carpet.

Well as I felt a rather strong, sudden and urgent message from my bladder, I hurried into the washroom. It’s kind of hard to plan out a ‘real’ accident, and my body behaved. So I was now standing in my washroom with only panties and a pad on my bottom half, and I let my bladder relax for an instant. A strong squirt of pee escaped my body, and flooded the pad I was wearing. I did my best to bear down and stop the flow, but it was a good 4-5 seconds before I managed this. I could feel warm wetness all down the inside of my inner thighs. The pad felt heavy and sodden.

$$

With the test complete, I pulled down my panties to inspect the damage. After of course finishing peeing in the toilet (like a big girl!).

$$

As you can see, the pad soaked up a serious amount of pee, but not all of it. The gusset of my panties got pretty wet. I think the pad could have held all the pee, but it would have needed time to absorb it, as you can see in the images, the ends of the pad look as though they could still hold some more liquid.

$$

My analysis is that the force of my ‘accident’ overwhelmed the pads ability to absorb. Had I released the same amount of pee but in smaller amounts, I think the pad would have held up.

$$

$$

I dried myself off, slipped into a fresh pair of panties, and went about my day. Before leaving for work in the afternoon, I stuck a fresh pad into my underwear, just in case.

Rachel

$$

*007*2017-12-08 00:29

{{22 hours ago, gt123 said:

Nice! Only leaked a little.

}}

Mmm I'd call that a significant leak. The kind that gets your pants a little wet... But not a serious accident. :)

{{On 12/6/2017 at 3:37 AM, Riptide101 said:

Amazing pictures, and awesome test! This would be a video review I would watch. :D

}}

Been testing out a couple of new pads :) More to come soon.

