Preliminary omorashi leading to marriage (part 2)

Author: scinosensation

*000*2020-10-20 02:43

I had had “accidents” each of the two previous weekends. On Monday night after the second weekend I succumbed to family pressure and no doubt other pressures, and the fact that she acted like she was sympathetic when I had an “accident’” and I asked her to marry me. She immediately said yes. Later she told me she was scheduled to fly to the west coast very close to where I had come from for a job interview. I wanted her to get the offer so I could move back to that area with her. We got up the next morning and I drove her to the airport then contacted my girlfriend I needed to break up with.

The next day I loaded up all her stuff into my small car and drove 5 hours to her house where she lived with her parents and 7 or so brothers and sisters. I got there and we unloaded her stuff and spent the day together. I took her to lunch at our favorite place, we spent the afternoon doing things we liked, I took her to dinner at another of our favorite places. After dinner we did more things we liked.

Then after dark, about 9 PM or so I drove her to near her house. I pulled into a parking lot and tried to explain that I was breaking up with her. It very quickly became very tearful. Finally it was late and she needed to be home and I needed to drive 5 hours back. I got on the Mass. turnpike making sure that there was gas available (this time was one of the gas shortages periods). I filled up just before I got off the turnpike and drove the rest of the way home to the apartment. I parked the car and in spite of my very full bladder I walked past the apartment building to the corner to go 5 blocks to a 24 hour liquor store.

I was stopped by a very sharp pressure wave quickly followed by an orgasmic release and warmth spreading at my crotch to my butt and down my legs. I stopped it before it got al the way down but had anyone seen me they would know I peed in my pants. I went home and changed undies and pants went to the liquor and bought rum. I took it home then went to the store on our block and bought 2 liters of a cola and 2 liters of a lemon lime soft drink. I got home and drank enough cola to put about half the rum in it. I drank the 2 liters of rum and cola and was too drunk to stand up. My bladder soon filled and I felt the orgasmic release and warmth spreading around my crotch and between my legs and soaking my butt. I fell asleep in my puddle.

I was awakened suddenly but I don’t know if it due to sharp pressure in my bladder or the ringing phone. (No cell phones in those days except for the ultra rich) I answered the phone and it was my new fiancé calling from California. I felt an even sharper pressure in my bladder soon followed by an orgasmic release and warmth spreading from my crotch to my butt and I was soon sitting in a larger warmer puddle. She stopped talking long enough to ask if I was OK. I just told her I was tired from the trip breaking up with my now ex girlfriend. She continued talking and told me she had turned down the offer. I had to act like I accepted it. She told me she was going to stay another day and take the overnight and get back to New York early Friday morning. I had sobered up enough that I cleaned up me and the puddle.

I then mixed the rest of the rum with the 2 liters lemon lime soft drink and got drunk again. I waited as the bladder pressure built and pressure waves finally led to the orgasmic release and warmth rapidly spread around my crotch and butt. I tried to get up but couldn’t so I was soon sitting in a growing puddle. I fell asleep. I dreamed I was having sex and reached orgasm with her and woke up and I was peeing in my pants. For the first time it hit me that I might have gotten more pleasure out of the orgasmic release when I wet my pants than I got from having sex. I cleaned up and went to bed for the night. I went to work and made a point of using the restroom every hour. When I got home I got dinner and continued using the bathroom every hour.

I woke up earlier than usual so I could drive to the airport. I drank some orange juice and drank about a liter of coke to get caffeine so I would be wide awake. I called and her plane was on time. I drove to the airport and went to await her arrival. The signs said her plane was on time. The expected arrival time came and went and I felt tired so I got more coke and drank it quickly. I waited for her plane. The expected arrival time kept changing. Finally my bladder demanded relief, but the arrival time board said arrived. I waited and waited for her and finally saw her walking and talking to a woman with a toddler I did not know.

Finally I got to them and the woman asked if I could drive her and her little girl home. My new fiancé said of course I would drive them home. We waited for all the luggage and finally got it loaded into my small car. I asked where she lived. It would take me about an extra 45 minutes to get home. We started the drive with my bladder pressure growing. We ere about half way to her place when she asked if I could drive her to a place about 20 minutes out of the way. My fiancé said of course. The little girl said mommy I have to go peepee. He mother told her sh did too but they would be home soon.The little girl was wearing panties, not the diaper I expected. We got to her out of the way place and she went inside for about 15 minutes. When we started to her place the little girl again said she had to go peepee.

Meanwhile I really had to go too but had not reached the greatest pressure. We drove about 20 minutes and finally got to her place. The little girl said for about the 10th time she had to go peepee. Her mother asked if she could take her little girl potty before she unloaded her luggage. My fiancé said of course. My bladder was sending repeating increasing pressure waves. Finally the woman came back wearing different clothes and her little girl appearing to wear the same panties. I got out to help with the luggage hoping nobody could tell how close I was to going peepee in my pants. We got her luggage inside and started our drive to our apartment.

I first asked just who this woman was. She was a well known second tier opera singer. I asked about her little girl. My fiancé thought she was just past two. I said I was surprised she wasn’t wearing diapers. My fiancé said the little girl seemed well potty trained. For the first time I ever mentioned it I told I wished I was wearing a diaper. She asked why. I just told her it woul be a lot better if I were wearing diapers. She pushed me on why I wanted to be wearing diapers. We were driving in relatively light traffic. I felt a very strong pressure wave and an orgasmic release as warmth spread around my crotch and to my butt and the backs of my legs. I told her I needed to wear diapers because the little girl was better potty trained than me.

She looked and saw I had a wet area around my crotch. She asked why I hadn’t said anything and I told her I was too embarrassed and I thought I would make it home in time.

We got to the apartment and because I was wet I cleaned up then she took a shower. We took the day off work. She finally let me talk about the breakup with my girlfriend. I described how tearful it was and I told her that after I got back and parked the car I was walking to the apartment building and wet my pants before I could get there. Then after I got cleaned up I got drunk on rum and coke and couldn’t get up and wet my pants. I went to sleep and woke up to a ringing phone and an uncontrollably full bladder. I answered the phone and immediately wet my pants. I didn’t want to tell her I wet my pants when she asked if I was OK.

We rested on Friday and Saturday and I stayed dry. On Sunday she had me drive to meet friends of hers who were getting married in a few weeks. We spent a delightful afternoon into the evening together. I had enough wine and soft drinks that I was aware of my bladder. I used the restroom just enough to noticeably reduce the pressure. We had a 3 hour drive back. We started the drive back. The drive was uneventful until what should have been the last hour. It took 2 1/2 hours. By the end even she admitted she had to go. We got parked and walked to the apartment building and got on the elevator. I immediately felt a very strong pressure wave. Then the elevator stopped and people she knew got on. She introduced me. I felt an orgasmic release and warmth at my crotch that spread to my butt before I could stop it. Her friends got off two floors later and seemed to have no idea I wet my pants while talking to them.

I told my fiancé that was a very close call. She asked what I meant. I told her I peed and they seemed to have no idea. She said she had no idea either. I showed her that I had wet pants. There were a couple more stops with people she didn’t know. I hid behind her and nobody seemed to notice anything. When we reached our floor I felt another pressure wave soon followed by an orgasmic release. The wet area at my crotch grew around and merged with the wet area at my butt. It started down my legs. 

Then we got off the elevator and quickly got to our apartment. She dashed into the bathroom and stayed a long time, running the faucet a long time. After I got cleaned up and changed I noticed she was wearing different panties. I asked if she had an accident. She vehemently denied it; she said I was the one who wasn’t potty trained. I asked if that meant she didn’t love me. She immediately grabbed me and kissed me and said of course she loved me and if I wasn’t potty trained she would live with it.

The next weekend, the weekend before Labor Day, another friend of my wife, was having a big party in a park area. We had to takes subways with 2 changes to a commuter train line for a 2 hour ride then get picked up and driven to the place. We took drinks and munchies. We got there and there was nobody I knew. I got introduced and to the woman and her husband who were hosting the party. I got myself pleasantly drunk on wine. The woman hosting the party seemed to be a little anxious as she fussed with drinks munchies table. Finally she walked away headed to the port-a-potties. She got accosted by her friends including my fiancé. We were standing talking and I noticed her legs were spread.

After a minutes I thought I saw a drop fall between her legs then another then another. One of the women said she was dripping. She turned beet red and admitted she was. Another woman started singing, to a popular song “It’s your party, you can pee if you want to, pee if you want to” She said don’t make her laugh. The drips turned into a steady flow. Finally she said she needed to change. I was majorly triggered. The party went on until we had to be driven to the last commuter train. I had avoided using the port-a-potties because they were usually nasty, or so I later told my fiancé. We got to the commuter train just in time. I noted the restroom on ours was closed.

We made the 2 hour ride and got to the subway transfer station. We had to wait a few minutes. Meanwhile my bladder was having pressure waves. We got on the subway and rode it to about 25 stops or so from the station where we had to change to a cross town line to connect to our line. There was only us and a young woman with three little girls maybe 3, 4, and 5. All three showed they were wearing regular panties, not training panties or plastic panties. The middle one, who was maybe 4, said she had to peepee. The woman told her to wait; she was a big girl. I felt an enormous pressure wave followed by an orgasmic release and warmth quickly spread around my crotch and butt. My fiancé noticed and moved away. The little girls saw I peed in my pants and ran to the young woman and the youngest told her that man went peepee in his pants. She said to the girls to be quiet. I told my fiancé I felt sick loud enough for the young woman to hear. She and the little girls got off at the next stop.

We got to the transfer station. I stood up and saw a puddle where I had been sitting. My bladder was giving pressure waves and soon another orgasmic release as warmth spread around my crotch and butt and down my legs. We took the transfer line and I stood the whole way. We got to our line. Another strong pressure wave hit quickly followed by another orgasmic release and warmth spreading to my butt and down my legs. When it finally came there were several people on it, some staring at my wet pants. We still had a 5 block walk home. I felt another pressure wave followed by an orgasmic release as warmth spread further around my pants and down my legs.

We walked home and got to our apartment. Because I was already wet she went to the bathroom first. I went in and cleaned up and changed. I told her the party was fun and I hoped to see those people again. She agreed. We made no mention of my wet pants. We had sex and I reached orgasm. We were embraced in each other’s arms. She soon drifted off to sleep. My full bladder kept me awake. Soon my bladder was sending pressure waves. I was dozing off between pressure waves. Her leg was between mine resting on my crotch.

After about an hour I felt a very strong pressure wave and an orgasmic release, that felt better than the orgasm I had with her. I quickly moved her leg and got out of bed and ran to the bathroom. I got there and just sat on the toilet peeing through my undies. She woke up and followed me to the bathroom. She asked what was going on. I told her I couldn’t help it but at least I did not wet her bed. I cleaned up, put on clean undies and we went back to bed and slept through the night. The next day I stayed dry.

Then came the Labor Day weekend.

