Breaking the Rules

Author: bookbuggie87

*000*2016-09-08 21:41

To start it off I knew thought that following the rules for the bathroom would be no problem. But that's getting ahead of myself. I live in an apartment with 4 other women. It is 2 stories and I live on the second floor with 2 other people. The ladies downstairs said that we are not allowed to use their bathroom and they would not use ours. At this point I was thinking, what if I was using ours and someone needed to go? I wouldn't mind holding it, but who knows about the other girls upstairs? Then I learned that upstairs we have our own large bathroom with separate shower, toilet and sink rooms. And below us they have a single 3 piece bathroom. So if push comes to shove you can pee in the shower.

More boring discussion about rules continued and I got very bored. Later the talk of cleanliness came up and I started to pay attention again. I learned that I live with several germaphobes that are obsessed with cleanliness. And this is coming from a very neat person, but who needs 2 sponges to wash the dishes? They key point that came up was that one of the upstairs girls said in a timid voice "Showers are for washing bodies, nothing else happens in there, and I mean more than just no sex..." I then went on to sign a roommate contract to uphold all the rules we agreed upon not realizing something crucial.

I like to pee in the shower.

Peeing in the shower is normal right? At least thats what I thought growing up. Then when I got to college I realized that its not something everyone does.

I would pee in the shower out of convince, I never felt like I had to go when I got in, but once I was under the running water no matter what my level of fullness was I would have to go. Later on in life I realized that I loved the feeling of pee running down my legs and the warm trails that it would leave. I enjoyed smelling and watching the yellow goodness pool at my feet. The shower became a place where I could easily enjoy myself and have no separate clean up. Who wouldn't enjoy themselves?

When living in dorm showers I didn't care at all, I was wearing shower shoes and everyone else did too. Why do I need to worry? Everything gets washed with soap that comes off my body and goes down the drain. But here no one wears shoes in the shower, who would, there are 3 of us that use one shower? It also gets cleaned every week.

Now to get to the part that everyone has been waiting for. As I took my first shower in the new apartment, I was running over the rules that I agreed to, no leaving bottles in the shower, make sure to pick up any hair and then I remembered the showers are for washing bodies only comment. By this point that it dawned upon me that this meant to peeing in the shower, I had already let lose my stream and was enjoying myself. I thought crap, well I shouldn't do this again. I just met these people and want to respect their wishes.

I decided that holding my pee in the shower would be a game, so for the next shower I entered with a full bladder at a desperation level of 8. The shower was a safe place to do so and there is a risk if I would lose it. However instinct took hold of me. I got into the shower and all I could focus on was my bursting bladder. I'd held though hard times before and thought the shower would be no problem at all, but I forgot to think about habit and what my body is used to. I started to distract myself by continuing my shower routine as I normally would. And this seemed to work, but half way through washing my hair (its very long and reaches my waist) I realized that I felt relaxed and euphoric. Then I realized that my legs felt all tingly and there was the sent. I had peed myself! I didn't even realized what I was doing, I just let go!

Now at this point it felt so good I just continued to let the stream flow, not even trying to stop it. And OMG it felt amazing. I had just peed myself somewhat involuntary with out my notice of it even starting. I was high on feelings and just enjoyed the whole shower, while slowly letting out streams of what ever remaining pee I had in me. This was one of the most euphoric showers I could remember and I completely failed at my goal.

After getting out of the shower I decided to screw my roommates stupid rule, no way am I going to stop peeing in the shower. However the added rule breaking and trying to hold it in has created such a fun new aspect to showers that I love!

As I've been writing this story I went from a 6 to a 8 on the desperation scale and want to take another shower and see if I can make it or fail (possibly on purpose) and enjoy myself. However I have already taken one shower today and it would seem strange if I take another! ;-) Just going to have to stick to a normal desperation for now! I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoy doing it!

