A conversion #2

Author: Nazca1

*000*2021-08-22 21:15

As I wrote here:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/70071-a-conversion-1/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1907612&embedComment=1907612&embedDo=findComment#comment-1907612"

When I was 25 or 26 I had a fuckbuddy who had a strong kink for underwear and that, after a first a period of hesitation and shyness, began to develop a certain interest for wetting (and not only for wetting as we'll see).

He didn't become a real wetting enthusiast, but he began to include wetting into his sexual practices. We met 7-8 times a month and 1 or 2 times he decided to wet his underwear for me. He never wet a pair of trousers, always his undies, but we share the same interest for underwear and so for me it was simply perfect, I never ask him anytihing.

The most exciting thing was that he never planned with me the wettings. So it was always a new surprise, we can say. I went to his apartment without knowing if I'll have a gorgeous session of wetting or simply very good "vanilla" sex. After an hour of petting, for example, he took my hand and he brought me to the shower empting his bladder in the underwear he had choosed that day. They were always wonderful looking underwear, very suitable for his body and for being wet, I haven't to specify it. Sometimes he wet himself multiple times or had sex with me in his soaked briefs.

I only followed his mood, It was all very natural and quite spontaneous.

One night, after sex, he was in the mood for talking and he said to me that he had two messing accidents during his life. It was the first time he talked about these two events.

The first one happened when he was 14. He had a severe food poisoning and he pooped his pants. He hadn't memory of this accident because he was tremendously sick and only half-conscious.

The second one had been more embarrassing and happened when he was 20.

He was returning home from his jobplace and he had an extreme need to poop. At that time he lived in a room of a shared apartment with three other guys of his age. He described the terrible travel in the underground and his growing panic. He prayed god that the toilet were free.

He arrived home. With an effort of will he went to the toilet: it was free. But when he grabbed the handle, as you know, the catastrophe occured.

He completely shat his pants. Hopelessly. He didn't try to save the situation, he knew that it was too late. Relaxing his muscles, he pissed he pants a bit, too: he was petrified.

He was wearing only loose shorts and, dear jesus!, a thong (he really loved thongs and sometimes he wore them as briefs). At this point, smiling, he asked me: do you know how horrific is pooping yourself wearing a pair of shorts and a thong? I didn't know, but I could immagine that it was horrible.

He told me that he made a huge disaster on the floor.

When he got back on track, he carefullu undressed and put all his shitty clothes in a garbage sack. Then, he wore a clean pair of shorts, rapidly cleaned his legs and started to clean the soiled floor. Luckily, none of his roommate came home in the past three hours and so he could remove all the traces of his disaster.

He told me that he was terribly mortified and ashamed. For many years, he had considered this accident the worst experience of his life.

But now, he said, he started to perceive the messing from a different point of view. He understood that accidents can happen and beyond the embarrassment he began to see the possibility of some herotic implications.

To be continued.

