That time I wet myself at hospital

Author: Lesbianomogirl

*000*2020-04-23 21:04

Thought I would share another one of my shameful wetting stories. This is triggering for self harm and serious medical stuff.

This takes place many years ago. I will also be honest and say that my memory of the event is hazy because of how sick I was.

Many years ago I was feeling depressed and did something silly to end my life (No worries I am in a better place now). I remember the police taking me to the hospital and this is where it goes hazy. I go unconscious. I wake up at various points during that night to find myself lying on a hospital bed and surrounded by hospital staff. My last memory before the event happens is waking up to someone shaking me. I have a oxygen mask on and a drip. There is a lot of medical staff around me. There asking me if I have ever had a seizure. I tell them no. I also notice at this point I need to pee and I remember feeling concerned that if I have another seizure and pee myself I have no spare clothes with me. I lose consciousness again.

I wake up again. This time I am much more aware of my surroundings. My oxygen mask is now gone but I am attached to a drip still. I really need to pee now. I remember thinking I really can't hold it. I had never felt so desperate in my life. This time when I woke up I was alone.

I waited for what felt like ages but in reality probably wasn't long. A nurse walks in. I remember telling him I need to pee and he tells me the toilet is just down the corridor. I was feeling shakey and sick. But my desperation made it so I had to try get out of the bed and get to the toilet.

I manage to get out of the bed. But I was a lot weaker then I thought and promptly crashed to the floor. The nice nurse re thinks me walking to the toilet and helps me get back in bed. He tells me he will get me a commode.

He must have only been gone about 10 minutes. But it was the longest 10 minutes of my life. I was literally holding myself trying to keep it in. My desperation was to great though. It started to leak out into my hands and soak the bed sheets. I must have been holding my bladder for hours. I honestly have no idea of the timings. But I was peeing onto that bed for a good 3 minutes. Once it started I just couldn't stop.

Then nice nurse arrives back with a commode. I had the most embarrassing moment of my life having to explain to him I wet the bed while waiting for him. He seemed shocked for a moment. Then quickly reassured me it was okay and he left to get a female nurse to help me change. Which just added to the embarrassment.

Both nurses came back. From what I remember nice nurse he cleaned the bed up. While the female nurse helped me get changed into a hospital gown.

The next morning I was moved to a hospital ward. I was in there for 2 weeks. Which didn't help my embarrassment in regards to visitors and having to ask for clothes and give them my wet to send home to be washed.

*004*2020-04-24 19:47

{{7 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Thanks for sharing hun, and I'm glad you are here to share the story with us. Sounds like it was a rough time.

}}

{{5 hours ago, ews21 said:

I am glad you are here to share your story too. Even if it was embarrassing at the time

}}

{{50 minutes ago, Ninji said:

Empathy overload, my heart is going crazy

}}

Thank you for all the lovely comments

It was hard at the time but I have gone through a lot of recovery.

It is one of the most helpless wetting experiences I have ever had. Which is why I decided to share it.

