Planned accident

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-02-16 13:28

First Time I peed my self on purpose & where my pee fetish started to grow was in 10. I planned the whole thing out, when I woke up in the morning I didn't use the bathroom. I put on black basketball shorts with no underwear. I went to the fridge and grabbed 3 bottles of water and I drunk two bottles of water. when I got to my room I drunk last bottle of water and sat in my chair. I could feel my bladder starting to fill up slowly, and I was becoming more exited the more my bladder filled up because I wanted to hold a full bladder the whole day. Eventually my bladder became really full to the point it was sore, I could feel the the 3 liters of water starting I drank stretching my bladder to the limits. My bladder was starting to give up and it contracting a lot and every time it did a jet of pee would shoot out.

The jets of pee where so strong that they went through my shorts like I wasn't wearing any pants, and my pee was shooting high enough to wet my shirt and my desk. I grabbed myself so hard that I stopped the pee from coming out. The only thing stopping the pee from coming out was my hand and It was starting to burn really badly. My bladder muscle completely gave up and the only thing keeping the pee in was my hand squeezing myself. My bladder contracted terrifyingly hard, and grabbed myself as hard as I could. It the burning feeling from holding myself increased so much that I couldnt take the pain anymore and I lost the grip I had on myself and I started peeing uncontrollable on myself. idk why I enjoyed it so much back then, it was a good feeling when I held it until I lost control of my bladder, i love it.

