WFH Wetting

Author: desperationman87

*000*2021-01-20 19:49

Since my work day was unusually light with only one meeting, I reached out to a lovely friend here on OmoOrg and we agreed to hold together and chat as we did it. I will leave her part of the hold to be told as her own experience, but I thought I would share the pictures from my hold. We started just after 9am Eastern Time this morning and agreed to drink at least 16oz of water each hour until we couldn't hold it any more.

I was wearing a sweater and a pair of jeans. I decided to protect my office chair with a towel.

$$

After about three bottles of water, I couldn't keep from holding myself while wiggling in my chair.

Before my fourth bottle of water, I began feeling the waves of desperation hit me and with each one, I didn't know if it would pass, if I would leak, or if I was going to have an accident. Eventually one of those waves couldn't be held back and I leaked a large spurt. Luckily my underwear absorbed all of it and my jeans only looked damp.

Alas, the leak was all that was needed to tell my brain that it was okay to finally get the relief that I so desperately needed. I began leaking large leaks and eventually they just ran together and I realized I was having an accident at my desk in my home office. I simply couldn't stop the flow and finally let myself have it and let go. When I felt like I was done, I sat in my wetness for a little while and, just as I was about to get up to change, I felt another delayed wave hit me and I started to lose it again in a huge way. I just sat and kept wetting myself uncontrollably in my chair. I finally finished and let it all soak into the towel before getting up to get changed and take pictures of the aftermath.

So, right now, I am in clean clothes, but I put on two pairs of underwear with a small towel tucked into them incase I have little aftershock leaks as I keep working for the day.

I did take some great video of my accident, but I have been thinking about an OF just for male Omo and this might make some good first content. If I were to create a page like that, how may of you would be interested in seeing the content there?

Anyway, thanks for taking the time to read my story, I hope you all enjoyed it!

