Trying out my own challenge

Author: Themaster258

*000*2020-10-13 12:34

After creating a new milovana challenge yesterday to play with the new editor, I attempted it today.

This one: https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=47015

It started me off with a cup of coffee and then drinking a bunch of water over a little more than an hour.

When I got to the first batch of challenges, my bladder was starting to make itself known in my lower stomach, but they passed with very little problems.

As I got to the real deal about 1,7l of liquid later my poor bladder begged for relief. I stood in front of my PC, dancing from one foot to the other and waited for the timer to count down.

Next challenge: Put your hand under lukewarm water. As soon as my hand touched the hot water I felt the first drops make their way past my clenched muscles and form a wet spot in my underwear. I knew I wouldn't last long, but I tried.

I passed a few other challenges dancing desperately but then it hit me. "Lie down on your stomach" At this point I was pretty excited and thus pointing upwards like a steel rod. My own excitement poked right into my bladder as I lied down.

I cursed and tried to focus, but spurts left my bladder without mercy, now soaking through my underwear and forming a baseball sized spot on my sweatpants.

Next challenge: Rain sounds, not the worst so I once again waited for the timer to run out.

Then came the challenge that marked my end. "Step into the shower and let warm water run around your feet."

I stepped into the shower, turned it on. I watched the stream make it's way towards my feet and started counting down. Thirty seconds sounds manageable. I didn't even feel the first spurt leave my bladder. It simply happened. A warm wetness clung to my leg and I knew I was done for. I clenched my muscles and danced, but more and more spurts left me against my will.

I lost my concentration for a second and pee burst forth like from a fire hose, drenching my whole leg until I got it back under control. There was no point in holding anymore, so I simply let go, but when I was done my bladder was still half-full but my rock hard erection made it hard to let out anymore.

As I am writing this I am opening the editor to make an improved version of the challenge. More options, longer or shorter, so many things and ideas to try.

