Choose Your Own Experience [Pictures]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-11-15 01:46

Well a while back I posted a picture and someone wrote their own interpretation of what happened, and well, before sharing what I did the other day, I thought I'd give people here a chance to make up their own adventure. So, without further ado, here are the pictures I snapped mid-way through the adventure:

$$

$$

$$

$$

*005*2018-11-15 20:58

{{43 minutes ago, Stanley79 said:

You ate at an Indian buffet where you couldn't resist the great chai. After four refills you window shopped an Indian book importer with good prices but no public restrooms. Chances of a public facility in the small-shop district looked slim. You bused to the Hudson Bay store where the ground floor lady's was closed for cleaning. By the time you found the upper floor lady's you didn't need to pee.

}}

Very specific, nice!

{{3 hours ago, Kez said:

A completely soaked pad... but dry panties... and maybe in public?

What have you been up to Rachel

}}

I know right, a mystery!

{{3 hours ago, ian flemming said:

Running accident with a full bladder .

Or leaking workout mishap .

Possibly another Rachel pad test .

Can't wait to hear the truth .

}}

Ah interesting thought, I will say this wasn't from running, as strangely enough my panties were completely dry (or mostly so), which doesn't quite happen with running... also the pad is not the best quality...

Some good guesses.

*008*2018-11-15 23:59

{{3 hours ago, nappypants said:

Challenged yourself to see how wet you could get a pad without any leaks, while in a public place?

Then after inspecting the damage, changed into a nappy and just peed yourself freely the rest of the day?

}}

Ooooh mischievous

{{32 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

You were on the sky train, totally desperate and decided to relieve some pressure, soaking your pad

Once in the bathroom, your body just relaxed, overflowing the pad, before you sat on the toilet and let go...

}}

Nice, using the local Vancouver infrastructure. And also these kinds of leaks happen...

*011*2018-11-18 20:14

{{On 11/15/2018 at 6:32 PM, supernerd222 said:

You walked into a public bathroom and were shocked and disgusted to find someone had forgotten their underwear and used incontinence pad on the floor. Being an upstanding citizen, you decided to clean up, so you disposed of the pad and left the panties on a shelf in case their owner came back for them.

}}

Hehehe very creative

{{On 11/15/2018 at 7:54 PM, Stanley79 said:

Oops! I Thought the Vancouver area only had one of these.

%http://locations.thebay.com/en-ca?

Something here might work for a little-girl look. But some prices and materials unsuited to a long afternoon enjoying tea and tarts on the White Rock beach.

%https://www.thebay.com/Women/Women-s-Clothing/Skirts/shop/_/N-4ztft1/Ne-6ja3nm?FOLDER<>folder_id=2534374302024773

The wide angle beach shot looks like brave ones could still do a beach pee without getting caught.

%http://explorewhiterock.com/

}}

Ooooh a good amount of research and you planned my outfit

*013*2018-11-23 07:48

{{2 hours ago, Kez said:

I really wanna know the real story behind this one, do tell us!

}}

Hehehe I should stop teasing

Will soon

*014*2018-11-28 20:38

Well, I have people to chance to offer ideas as to the story behind these panties, and I will say, I loved some of the suggestions, and I might try them.

Anyhow, here’s what I really got up to.

So this was a few weekends ago, it was a long weekend (Remembrance Day). Over the weekend most of the shops were still open. For some reason, on Saturday, my husband and I ended up wandering about town. I was dress conservatively, in a long dark navy dress, with a toasty jacket on top, with cute new striped panties on the bottom (not currently on my website, but they are for sale), and one of my regular bras. I also had on a cute beret, also dark navy, which matched my dress (and I think goes well with my hair, which was down).

We ended up in a fixture store, looking at lights or some other such things for the flat. Not that we need any new fixtures, but my husband has some sort of grant vision for the bathroom and has been looking for something specific, and I’ve been humouring him.

Well, he was taking way too long and I got bored. We had already had some hot drinks earlier in the day, and hadn’t visited a washroom. So while my hubby examined fixtures (what’s with men and hardware?), I wandered over to the bathroom. While it wasn’t a particularly nice bathroom, they did have a retro/vintage pad vending machine. Well, for those of you who were previously following my pad tests, I sometimes have a little kink for wetting pads, and well, for some reason the machine clicked something in me, and I was like – I need to buy one and soak it, right here and right now.

So I rummaged in my purse, found the correct change, and bought a pad. They were the kind that comes in a little box, and very similar to the free ones I’ve found on airplanes. In other words, thick cottony pads (without the plastic dry guard surfaces some other pads have), and rather than wings or gathers, they simply had embossing designed to keep liquids near the middle.

I had some fun looking at the pad, but I really did have to pee, so I hiked up my dress, pulled my panties to mid-ankle, and affixed the pad.

I pulled my striped panties up, and dress still hiked up, patted the front and back of the gusset of my panties, feeling the thickness of the pad and the lines where the pad ended near the front and back. There’s something enticing about feeling yourself through padding, whether it’s a diaper or a pad (or even like thick clothes) it feels foreign, impersonal, while at the same time intimate.

There was a joke from some TV show or movie (I can’t remember) where a guy says he would sit on his hand to give it pins and needles so that when he masturbated it would feel like someone else. Well, I can’t speak to this, but touching myself through a pad certainly feels a little ‘different.’

Anyhow, this was not the time or place to masturbate, and my husband would (might) eventually notice I was gone. So dress still rolled up, I wandered over to the toilet. I gathered a big bundle of toilet paper (just in case). I then spread my legs wide, and positioned myself over the toilet, crotch aimed more or less at the centre of the toilet.

The toilet paper was to catch major drips if they happened to run down my legs. If the pee did start running down my legs, I thought I’d just sit down, but I wanted the naughty feeling of peeing standing over a toilet in a public washroom in my panties!

Anyhow, there was no way I was going to be able to hold my pee much longer, legs spread, standing over a toilet like I was, so, after pulling my panties up so that the pad was firmly against my sex, I released. I felt the pad immediately soak my lips in wet warmth and must have given off a sign of relief and pleasure.

My pee hissed into the pad and this sound was soon followed by the tinkling of pee falling from a distance into a toilet. Two almost identical streams were flowing out of either side of the gusset of my panties and dripping into the toilet bowl below. This continued on for a good couple of minutes, and I stood there, half expecting to feel the sensuous tracing of streams down my inner thighs, but for some reason the design of the pad and my splayed legs directed all of the pee over the sides of my panties and into the toilet.

After finishing, I stood there for a few minutes, reveling in the warm wetness of the pad against my body. I then shimmied forward, and carefully pulled my panties all the way down.

I padded myself dry with the toilet paper as I was literally dripping on my panties, and then snapped a couple of pictures of my panties with the soaked pad on the floor.

I decided to take a more artful shot, and when I picked up my panties, I found that the pad had done a remarkable job keeping them dry. They had got a couple of drops off my dripping girl bits after I pulled them down, but apart from a tiny damp section on the inner gusset, the panties were dry!

I was surprised and pleased.

I pulled the pad off, rolled it up, and binned it. I decided against putting my panties on again. While they were almost entirely dry, I had let them rest on the floor of a public washroom, which, as you can see from the pictures, is not particularly dry or clean. So I carefully rolled them up, and swapped them for the backup pair I regularly keep in a baggie in my purse.

I wiped the seat (as it had some drops on it), washed my hands, and headed back out into the store to find my husband still perusing fixtures and unaware that his kinky wife had been up to naughty things in the public washroom, and that her fresh panties were slowly getting damp from all of her naughty thoughts.

I soon informed him, and we headed home without making a purchase, where I got some delightful, and rough, relief from the throbbing between my legs.

*016*2018-11-30 02:10

{{1 hour ago, Stanley79 said:

So you peed in a restroom into a toilet. And that was so unusual for you, you got a naughty rush? Thanks for completing the story. I imagine some would like to know what brand that super pad was.

}}

{{1 hour ago, Stanley79 said:

So you peed in a restroom into a toilet. And that was so unusual for you, you got a naughty rush? Thanks for completing the story. I imagine some would like to know what brand that super pad was.

}}

I know right

$

$

*018*2018-11-30 20:09

{{10 hours ago, Kez said:

I love it

Hide contents

It was originally from Gone In 60 Seconds (the remake with Nick Cage)

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/JVX01fukAHA?feature=oembed" Which was then stolen by Scrubs

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eyrD4yDCo9s?feature=oembed"

}}

Aha! That's the ones! hehehehe

*020*2018-12-05 04:46

{{On 12/3/2018 at 6:12 AM, pissypants2005 said:

Rachel was excited. Her and her hubby were on their way to the Vancouver Canucks game after getting free tickets from Hubby's work. This would be their first that they got to attend this season, and to make things better they were playing the defending champions, the Washington Capitols.

Upon arriving at the Roger's Arena they realized that it was even better than they thought. The tickets were right on center ice. And, since hubby's work had season tickets there was a drink voucher included in each ticket, good for one free alcoholic beverage. Prior to face-off, they went to the nearest vendor and redeemed their vouchers for a pint of IPA, each.

They got back to their seats just in time for the beginning of the game. And it was a good one from the start. Lots of offense from both ends with the game tied at 2 by the first intermission. Rachel was milking her beer and was only about halfway through it at this point. She knew that she'd have to be careful with a pint of alcohol.

The teams traded goals again in the 2nd period and going into the second intermission things were all tied up at 3. Rachel had finished her beer at this point and was noticeably feeling the effects of the beverage, feeling at around a 3 on the desperation scale. "I should go to the restroom," though Rachel, but she had waited too long. The third period was about to start, and there was no way she was going to miss half of the period waiting in line.

The teams decided to change things up a bit and play some defense in the third period. Scoring opportunity after scoring opportunity was thwarted by an amazing defensive effort. All the while, Rachel begin to squirm more and more in her seat. She had worn a pad, but this would do little to stop the effects of a full blown accident.

Time expired in the third period with the score still locked at three goals apiece. So far, Vancouver had stood up to the challenge of the defending champions. The crowd was now beginning to believe that an overtime win was within their reach. Rachel had a very important decision to make at this juncture. Should she make a dash to the washroom and risk missing the shortened overtime period. Or should she remain at her seat and watch all of overtime. Things were a bit more dire now with Rachel feeling about a 5 on the desperation scale.

Her decision to remain seated was well rewarded. Not more than a minute into the overtime period, the Canucks were able to score a goal on a brilliant one-timer. The entire crowd jumped to their feet in elation. This, is where things went south for Rachel.

Upon jumping to her feet for the celebration her poor bladder began to leak. Unfortunately, with the pressure of the pint bearing down upon her bladder, the leak became a spurt. And the spurt became a stream.

Rachel was now having a full blown accident in the midst of tens of thousands of elated spectators. The poor pad did it's best to contain the damage, but it was no good. Pee began to leak out of her pad into her blue jeans.

"Hubby, we need to get out of here now." Hubby looked at Rachel and saw the outside of her jeans had become saturated. Fortunately after about 15 seconds of peeing Rachel was able to miraculously stop the flow. But it was too late. The wet patch had gone halfway down her leg on both sides, just about three inches above the knee. What an embarrassment! Especially after such an amazing performance from her home team. Fortunately, Rachel had several layers on, and she was quickly able to tie a sweater around her jeans, concealing most of the damage.

"Let's get away from the crowd. Then, I need a restroom immediately," said Rachel. Hubby and Rachel were able to weave their way through the mostly unsuspecting crowd, until they finally exited the arena. There was a restaurant on the way to the Skytrain, with nice facilities, as Rachel remembered. They made a beeline to the restaurant and to their luck, the bathroom was free.

Rachel was able to strip down, remove the pad (not before taking some lovely photographs), did what she could to make her jeans wearable (similar to the .jav "almost made it videos") and used her sweater to her advantage to conceal the accident. Now that she had mirror to look at she could arrange her sweater for maximum concealment.

Rachel and Hubby then walked to the Skytrain and headed home. She made sure that she wore extra protection to bed that night.

}}

How delightful! Thanks for sharing, that was great!

