My Wife and the Road With No Bathrooms

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-12-15 19:26

A lot of my good sightings revolve around a drive that we make frequently. In short, her ex lives about 30 minutes away and he managed to have it so that we always drop off and pick up the kids. We drive there twice a weekend, 2-3 weekends out of the month, for the past 3+ years. The thing of particular interest is that on the route we take there’s nowhere for her to pee.

When I say there’s nowhere for her to pee, that doesn’t mean there truly isn’t anything; there just isn't anywhere that she will go. I’ll get more into this drive on a later post, but all you need to know for now is that she won’t pee anywhere on the entire route we drive.

The kids were with their dad for Thanksgiving, and we were picking them up on Sunday. For those of you not in the US, that is one of the most traveled days of the entire year. You are guaranteed to run into traffic, and the later in the day it is, the worse the traffic. Because of this, we wanted to get on the road early.

We’d been doing some shopping that morning and Jenna had gotten a coffee (the largest one at Starbucks). Once we got home we cleaned up the house, then drank some water because we had sweated some. We realized that it was close to time to leave, so we both peed then Jenna downed the rest of her coffee, which was still almost half full. We got distracted with a few things, and it ended up being another 30 minutes before we finally left. I grabbed a soda for each of us on the way out, plus filled up my water bottle. Jenna swigged some more water, then opened her soda.

Luckily, it looked like traffic wasn’t too bad yet. There weren’t any stops, but we were still going slower that normal. About 20 minutes into the drive, I asked what she thought about going to downtown on the way back for some pokemon with the kids. She immediately said “Yes, because I really need to pee!”

I didn’t say anything as I tried to make sure I heard her right. Had she just said that she really needed to pee? It hadn’t even been an hour since she peed, and it could easily be an hour and a half before we got home. I’m not sure what stopping in downtown had to do with her peeing as it wasn’t any closer than home, but I guess she just wasn’t thinking straight.

I hadn’t even been thinking about her needing to pee yet so I wasn’t paying attention, but I now noticed that she she was sitting to the side with her knees tucked upwards to put extra pressure on her peehole. About 5 minutes later, she started digging around in the car. I asked her what she was doing; She said she was looking for anything she could wipe with if she was to pee outside. She didn’t find anything, though, and grunted in dissatisfaction before crossing her legs and leaning back in the seat.

She was silent for the next 5 minutes before she winced and grabbed her side saying “Oh man it’s starting to hurt my back now....” I felt bad for her, so I reached over to put my hand on her leg and told her I was sorry. I could feel her muscles clenching periodically as she said “Its OK, its not your fault.” As we got closer to his house, she groaned again and said “What the fuck!? Did I forget to pee?” She paused, then remembered “Oh yeah, I downed my coffee. Damn, that was stupid! I sure wish I could go pee in his house.” This really caught my attention as she has NEVER brought that up before. I was trying to think of something to say when she brought up that his bathroom was probably worse than the nasty convenience stores she refused to stop in.

Holy Shit! Not only was she to the point of pain, but she was openly wondering about using her ex’s bathroom and we weren’t even to the halfway point yet! I felt bad for her, but it was her choice not to use the bathrooms or pee outside, so I couldn’t help but enjoy it some.

We finally arrived at his house, and thankfully there wasn’t a train blocking the path. I was focusing on hurrying up so I didn’t slow down at the train crossing as much as normal, causing her to wince in pain and hold her bladder when we crossed the tracks before his house. When we pulled up to his house and saw that everyone was still inside, she sighed in exasperation at the seconds this would add to the time it took to get back home.

She went up to the door and threw her hands up in the air, clearly frustrated that they weren’t out yet. She knocked on the door and did a mild curtsey while waiting for him to get to the door. I could see her hands balled into fists, but she returned to normal while once they came out. She ended up talking to their dad for almost 5 minutes, successfully hiding her desperation the whole time. When she got in the car, though, she immediately clamped her thighs together and said “Good god, I have to pee!” It had been 30 minutes since she first said she was desperate, and it only seemed to be escalating.

She immediately started asking the kids about their weekend with their Dad. I went slower over the tracks on the way out, but she stopped talked and winced at even the minor jolts. As we were waiting to turn back onto the highway, I told her that I would hurry as much as I could. I normally don’t bother passing anyone on this road because it’s so busy, but at this point it seemed like every minute counted. When I passed a string of 3 cars a minute later she practically shouted “Oh thank god!” but I rapidly got stuck behind an even longer string of cars and there was no way I could get around them.

As if to add insult to injury, we had to stop at the only light on the highway just as it turned red, causing her to groan again and squeeze her legs together. While we were stopped, we looked over to see a massive line of cars coming from the side road. She checked and there was massive traffic on the interstate that ran parallel to this road, so a lot of people were taking this route as a bypass.

Because there were so many cars, it meant there was no chance of passing. The traffic ended up going much slower than normal as well, practically crawling out of town. Even once we got into the open section, we were still going 20 MPH below the speed limit at most. She knew she had no way of peeing anytime soon and had resigned to holding no matter what an hour ago, so mentally she wasn’t as frantic as I would have expected. She was still having to deal with the intense sensations emanating from her abdomen, though, so she started looking things up on her phone to distract her. It seemed to work, at least partly, but she was still frantically drumming her fingers.

Close to 45 minutes after leaving his house, when it should have taken 15, we finally made it to the turnoff from the highway. It is for another highway and the interchange has a 270 degree loop to get to the other road. Still trying to hurry, I took it relatively fast and it did a number on poor Jenna. Both hands shot to her bladder, lightly cradling it, as she gritted her teeth in pain. Once we straightened out, she rubbed her distended abdomen and panted from the effort for about 15 seconds before regaining her composure. Her face lit up as she announced “finally, we’re getting close!” even though it was almost 15 minutes away. I guess considering how long she had been waiting, that was pretty good.

A few minutes later we came up to a light, which again turned red just before we got there. Jenna sat with her legs crossed tightly, drumming a frantic beat on the arm rest with her fingers. Suddenly, she beat both her hands on her thighs 6 or 8 times. I looked at her weirdly, so she told me “I have no idea why I did that!” trying to pass it off as being random. After the light turned green again and we got up to speed she admitted “That's a lie. I'm absolutely bursting to pee!” She again winced and held her bladder as we turned onto the next highway.

We continued on, turning a few more times with Jenna wincing each time from the added pressure. Once we finally exited the highway for the last time, I said “We’re getting close! Only 5 or 6 more minutes!” She moaned then said “Oh God I think my bladder is going to explode! Hurry!” and rubbed her bladder again. She kept moaning in pain every 30 seconds, one hand placed lightly over her bladder. She almost never holds herself, but I thought she might actually do it this time. She must have really not wanted to do that in front of the kids, though, as her other hand had a white-knuckle grip on the arm rest.

A few minutes further down the road, Jenna started even more desperate with anticipation. Just as I thought we had made it, the last light turned red! Thankfully I notice the Police officer nearby and slammed on my brakes. Jenna yelped as the seatbelt dug into her bladder. We’d only been stopped for about 2 seconds when she blurted out “OMG when is this going to turn! I am literally dying here!” as she lightly rubbed her tortured bladder.

The light turned about 10 seconds later, but the kids started begging to check the park for pokemon. We had seen a Pikachu there earlier, and they really wanted to find another one. I was about to tell them no, that we had to get back home, before Jenna popped up and said it was fine. I asked her if she was sure, and she said she yes but I had to hurry. It was only about 30 seconds out of the way, so I went ahead and pulled off. I stopped to check if any where around, and saw several on the radar but they were all where we would have to walk. When I told them this, Jenna quickly snapped “Nope! I can't do that. If I try to walk I'm definitely going to pee myself. Hurry.”

We were on the final stretch, and I tried to lighten the mood by joking about the porta-a-potty on the side of the road (since she had done so the last time she was super-desperate like this). Normally that would get a laugh, but this time she just moaned again and bent forward. It was getting critical.

When we pulled into the driveway, I expected her to sprint to the door, but she sat there. Her eyes were closed, and I saw her body relaxing as she willed herself to hold on a little longer. After a few seconds of this, she got out and told the kids that we had a surprise. I unlocked the door, expecting her to follow, but she was unloading the car! I went back and grabbed everything I could, telling I’d get the rest later. She ran in, excitedly showing the kids the new Christmas tree we had just gotten, as well as the rest of the decorations we had put up. Amazingly, she still seemed to be behaving normally.

Now that she was done with the kids, her body had had enough. With nothing left to distract it, her brain knew she was close to relief and it was all she could do to keep from losing control. She crossed her legs tight and bent over, saying “Oh God, I can’t believe I made it” then hurried off. I’m not sure if hurried is the right word, though. She was walking awkwardly, with each step her leg was partially crossing over the other to put some extra pressure on her peehole since she was using both hands to get her clothes off. After a few steps she stopped, bent forward and exclaimed “I can’t even walk!” before resuming her trek to the long-awaited toilet.

By the time she was at the bathroom, her belt was off and her pants and panties were already around her knees. She yanked them down completely as she collapsed on the toilet, letting out a loud “Ouch!” as the act of sitting down jolted her bladder one final time. She sighed loudly, but tt took a several seconds before her stream started as her muscles slowly unclenched. Once she started, though, it was an absolute gusher! As soon as she caught her breath, about 10 seconds later, she told me “Wow, that hurt!” and rubber her belly again as the massive contents of her bladder continued spraying into the bowl. 

She blasted away like this for 15-20 seconds before it turned into a normal, strong, flow. Another 30 seconds later, it had dwindled, but was still a steady stream. She sighed, saying “I feel like Austin Powers!” (I’m sure most people on this site are aware, but at the beginning of Austin Powers, after he is unfrozen, he has a ridiculously long pee). I laughed, expecting it to stop and start as her bladder drained the last of its contents, but it kept going! I had the stopwatch going on my phone, and it ended up lasting for over 60 seconds!

As her stream was dying off, I’d had enough and pulled out my raging hard-on. She was still sitting on the toilet to get the rest emptied out, and when she saw it she said “That's not fair! The kids are outside and we can’t have sex right now.” I told her that I was sorry, but I couldn’t wait any longer. I did promise her that I would be more than ready by the time we went to bed, so she rolled her eyes and helped me finish (which only took about 15-20 seconds at that point) before getting up and again saying how much better she felt.

There have been a couple times when I think she held more, but this was definitely close to her capacity. I just wish I had a way of measuring how much she held! Maybe one day….

*005*2017-01-26 21:19

Here’s an account of our trip down this road last weekend - it’s another great one!

She got home from work and immediately drank a large glass of water, then got the kid’s things together. Around 5:15, she peed then started getting ready to go before realizing we had another 10 minutes before we had to leave. We ended up leaving about 5:30.

Not long after she left, she mentioned how she should had brought her water bottle because her mouth was really dry. I agreed, since I was also thirsty, but there wasn’t much around. 20 minutes later, we were coming into the small town we pass through, and I asked if she wanted me to stop to get some water. She agreed, but told me I had to go in because she didn’t want anything to do with the gas station there.

As I pulled into the parking lot, she joked “Just watch out for the meth heads!” She looked over at the store and laughed - “Yep, there’s two of them.” As I was walking in, I saw she was right - they looked like they in about day 3 of a meth binge. Trying to avoid eye contact, I hurried inside and was greeted by a crowded room, complete with a confederate flag hanging on the wall and a couple rednecks trading racist jokes. I grabbed 2 bottles of water, paid, and hurried out. Now I know why she won’t stop there!

Getting in the car, she laughed again when I told her about it before grabbing the water and taking a few gulps. We made it to their dad’s house by about 6:15, and Jenna ended up talking with him about something for about 5 minutes, then we were on our way.

We were talking about various random things and just as we passed the small town, around 6:30, we hit a bump, Jenna grunted so I reached my hand over to her leg and was about to ask what was wrong when she sharply pushed my hand away and hissed “Stay away from my stomach!”

I had figured the water would hit her, but I wasn’t expecting this level, or this soon! Playing stupid, I asked if she needed to pee. She shot back “Yes! It’s getting really bad down there….”

If the speed of the traffic was any indication, we had almost 30 minutes until we got home! Seeing a golden (no pun intended) opportunity, I turned on the audio recorder on my phone and set it down between us. What follows is a direct transcript of what happened.

<We were talking for about 5 more minutes before she paused>

Her: Oh my god I have to pee!

<Conversation continued for another 5 minutes>

Her: <bending forward> Ow, it huuuuurts….

Me: I’m sorry

Her: <crossing legs tightly> Owwwwww - Its hurting my vagina!

Me: Its hurting your vagina?

Her: Yes! Thats how bad I have to go! And thats not something to get horny on either!

Me: Unfortunately, it is

Her OK, I guess thats not something you can control

<silent for a few minutes>

Her: There’s a porta potty over there

Me: and its probably locked

Her: Ow! <pause> and I Can’t find my keys

Me: Thats OK, I have mine

Her: Well, you better run when we get home ! Ooooooh it hurts…

<Keep in mind, we’re still 15 minutes from home>

Me Would it help if I held your vagina?

Her: No! That will make me want to go more.

Me: Really?

Her: Yes! That’s why I don’t hold myself. Because it makes me want to go more.

Me: Interesting

Her: Because it gets sensitive down there

<I acted like I was going to reach over>

Her: Don’t you dare! Ow! Stop making me think about it!

<She bent forward, then was silent for about 30 seconds.

Her: I have no idea what I want to eat. I’m not even hungry any more

Me: You bladder probably took up all of the space

Her: I think you’re right

<I noticed that I was speeding>

Me: Oh, I better slow down, I don’t want a ticket.

Her: Please, don’t. Just go 40 (speed limit is 50)

<Pause for a minute>

Her: Ooooooo <pause> Oh it hurts! Ooooooh... <pause> And I did go pee before we left

Me: I was wondering because its only been an hour and a half

Her: Well, I drink a lot of water at work to stay hydrated. Owe! I REALLY wish you could speed! Her (imitating if we were pulled over): Officer - if you don’t let him go right now, I’m going to pee my pants!

Me: I don’t think that really works, anyway. Look - only 5 more minutes!

Her: <bending forward sharply> Oh god, don’t remind me… Ooooh it hurts!

Me: Oh yeah, you wanted to go by the park on the way home, right?

Her: Ha Ha, very fun- aaaahhh <pauses> It looks like there’s a bunch of garage sales. Why do they always have to do those when we don’t have any money? - Yeeeeoooooooow! I don’t even know what I’m talking about anymore, I’m just trying anything to keep my mind off my bladder!

Me: Well, we’re only 2 minutes from home

Her: I would take my seatbelt off to get ready to run to the door, but they’ll probably give me a ticket for that too...

Me I doubt they will be able to see that

Her: I don’t know, maybe they have a seatbelt radar…. <pause> lets have Godzilla meat.

Me: What the fuck?

Her: I don’t know. I have to pee so bad my brain isn’t working right. Oowooowooow…. <pause> Gotta change the subject…. I can’t wait to relax tonight!

Me: Me too

Her: Oooooooouch! <She starts beating on the armrest of the car, then clicks off her seatbelt.> Its not working…. Oh Jesus, we’re almost there. Aaaaargh! You better hurry your ass to the door

Me: Aaaand there’s some kids riding their bike right in front of me

Her: Don’t you dare slow down. They’ll move out of the way. <Pulling into the driveway> Okaaaayyyyyyyyyy <The second the car stops> Go!

<She jumped out of the car and sprinted to the doorway. I momentarily turned around to say hi to the neighbor kid to said hi, but then Jenna started yelling at me.>

Her: You’re not hurryiiiiiiing! <She’s practically jumping in place while I get to the door> I have to pee so baaaaad!

<The second the door is open, she sprints to our bathroom, yanks down her pants and drops on the toilet

Her: Ouch! <from the jolt as she drops down> Ow! <Still hasn’t started peeing yet> Ow Ow Ow <A short jet of pee spurts out, then stops> Ouch! <Grunts> It won’t come out! <She strains again, then she finally starts peeing> Aaargh! My bladder hurts from holding it so long. Owwwww

Her stream was briefly strong, then normal when she relaxed because her bladder hurt. It would periodically burst stronger, but only for a second or two before she relaxed again because it hurt, then slowed down to barely more than a trickle. I thought she was almost done, but it kept on going! The stream would pick up and slow back down as the bladder emptied itself. From the time she started actually peeing until she was done was a full 1 and half minutes. Amazing!

*008*2017-01-28 23:02

Ive never seen it like that either, and since I had the audio recording I figured why not. Glad you liked it!

*011*2017-03-05 21:30

She's definitely not into wetting. The only time she's gotten close was when she squatted then we heard someone and she had to yank her pants up. She didn't cut off the flow in time and some went into her pants. It was only few a few seconds, but she was about to lose it before we realized no one was coming and she was able to drop her pants again. She wasn't happy about her pants getting wet at all and complained about them several time on the way home. That said, I'm much more interested in desperation anyway.

An interesting thing happened this weekend, though. We were having a few beers and watching a long movie at home. About 30 minutes into the movie she jumped up to pee so I followed her then told her it was the last time she was allowed to pee until after the movie. She laughed and told me there was no way she was holding it that long but when she got up an hour later I grabbed her, told her the toilet was off limits and started ticking her. She squirmed away and sprinted to the toilet ahead of me where I mock-scolded her to peeing without permission. She proceeded to tell me that if I'd made her wait any longer she would have just peed where she was. This caught my attention as it was the first time she'd ever mentioned just wetting herself like that. I pressed more and told her I doubted she would actually do it, but she assured me that she would because she really had to pee and wouldn't hold it any longer.

Granted she had a few beers in her (but not really drunk), but it definitely opened up new possibilities. I'm not going to push it, but I'm going to definitely bring up the idea of her wetting herself instead of using the toilet next time she comes home bursting. Who knows, maybe she'll go along!

