Genuine accident at drug store

Author: REDstoplight

*000*2018-12-19 19:54

Edit: I am a long time lurker and rarely post but I wanted to share my story with you all. Im not the best writer and I was rushed writing this but I hope it is still good and excites you all!

So yesterday, I had a class to go to out of town in a major city. I like wearing goodnite pull ups but I live in a small town and do not want to risk getting caught so anytime I am out of town, I like to indulge in my diaper wearing.

Day started off by being at home, changing into clothes and a pull up for the 3 hour drive to this class. Most of the day was uneventful, I did wet myself on the drive to class and had to change to a new pull up. Class was a few hours and I planned to go Christmas shopping afterwards. Anyways, class ends and I go to the large mall in the area. Throughout the day, I wet my pull ups and had to change maybe 3 times. All of these wettings were holds, and I would eventually leak and then pee on purpose due to the pain of holding. I got to the mall and just before going in changed into my last goodnite. I started my shopping after getting some more liquids in me. I was at the mall for around an hour and a half before I really started feeling the need to pee. At this point, I had most of my shopping done except one item. I went to a few stores searching for this present and ended up asking associates at various stores if they could help me find this present.

The last store I went to was Rue 21. My need to pee was maybe 9/10. I go up to a few (3) associates standing together and ask if they have this present Im looking for or know where I can get one. Downfall #1, they end up being extremely helpful and actually looking on there phones what stores around us carry this item. This process takes maybe 5 minutes and, all the while, I am dying to pee, desperately holding. About 3 minutes in, I start to leak into my pullup. After this, I started spurting every 20 seconds, slowly and slowly, soaking my very last pull up (and I still had a 3 hour drive home). After 5 minutes, (and them telling me there is a store 30 minutes away that may have this item) I have to cut them off and ask where the nearest bathroom is because "I am literally wetting myself". They tell me and I run off, peeing the whole time. I get to the bathroom stall and yank my pants down. My pull up is completely full at the front and pee is starting to fill up the back half.

I pee some more until I finally feel like I can hold on for the 30 minute drive to the next store. Get in my car, and drive. On the way there I hit construction traffic for about 45 minutes and the need to pee increases a lot. Im back to probably a 7/10 by the time I get to the exit of the store. At this point my pull up is very wet and on the verge of leaking, if I pee anymore. I decide to forego trying to find this present and go to Walmart to buy a new pack of pull ups for the drive home and future use. I pull into Walmart and run in. I get to the diaper isle and feel the urge hit....and hit hard. I start to leak a lot, uncontrollably. 

I start feeling wetness seep out of my pull up and into my jeans. During this I am also looking for the pack of goodnites I need. I find this shelf, only to realize they are completely out of goodnites in my size. At this time, I regain control of my bladder, barely. I check my jeans. No spots on the front, but I can feel my area around my butt and thighs are wet, but not drenched. I quickly look up a drug store nearby and make the decision to go to the Walgreens .8 miles away. I feel at this point, I can hold my pee until then. I really had no choice, my pull up was full and I really didn't want to pee myself all over my car. Run the my car and start the drive to walgreens.

I come up on heavy traffic and a few red lights. I am at the point of crying because I need to pee so bad. Big spurt...….another big spurt falls into my pull up. I am now using one foot for the gas/brake and one foot to hold myself up off my seat so I don't get it wet. I finally arrive at walgreens, quickly get a spare change of pants out of my bag and make a mad dash inside. Running inside, I start to leak again. I find a sales associate. Younger girl, 19 or 20 years old. She is blonde and very cute actually. I tell her I need diapers and a bathroom. She asks if I am looking for baby diapers and I say "No, I wear goodnites". She shows me to the goodnites and that's where I uncontrollably loose it. I start peeing full force into my pull up. I am half bent over just peeing and see my jeans get wet in the front and streak down my legs. I am silent, just bent over, peeing, without any hope of stopping it. I look up at the cute girl and she says "im so sorry, ill help you" 

She grabs a pack of the L/XL goodnites, opens them, and pull a fresh pull up out of the package and gives it to me. She then tells me where the bathroom is to change and that she will have the goodnites at her register when I am ready to checkout. I run to bathroom, peeing the whole way. I get to the bathroom and finally finish peeing, I change my pull ups and pants and walk out. I go put my wet jeans in the car and head back inside. I go up to the cute girl and apologize and tell her that is the most embarrassing thing I have ever done. She is super nice and compassionate about it and actually tells me she cried a little bit after she gave me the pull up at the thought of how embarrassed I must have been. I thank her for everything and then she says "would you like I bag for your jeans or are you just going to throw them away?" I said I would like a bag and she kindly hands me one. I buy, thank her again and head home.

*002*2018-12-27 01:35

Thanks! I hope it was at least a good read. I had a lot of fun that day. It's always fun to get my mind off everything and do hold and wettings throughout the day.

*005*2018-12-29 22:06

You know, after I got done writing this and proof read it. I realized that it did sound like something somebody would make up. I was hesitant to post because of that. However, it really did happen. It was absolutely one of the most crazy, yet amazing, things to ever happen to me. I still can't believe it and I kinda wish I could go back to the same store and see if she is working so I could try to get her number. The amount of sympathy and compassion she had was super attractive. It was crazy and I still can't believe it happen so I thought I would share with you all. However, If you want to believe me or not, that is your choice.

