Messes up BF's car a bit...

Author: Suite207

*000*2011-07-19 09:29

Life's been hectic lately, but I figured I might share with you all a recent episode I had... like, 20 minutes recent. ;3

I swung in to McDonald's for early breakfast before a long drive, and gathered my bearings. I just woke up and decided either an early breakfast followed by a long drive or a quick shower and then said long drive was in place today; I have an interview in Tampa. Quite a drive from Orlando, so this will be quick: pulling up to Mickey D's I got a severe pressure in my pajama pants that I knew was my body telling me I forgot step 1 of the day: the bathroom.

In my frenetic scrambling to get ready, I overlooked hygiene and toilet use to shave time off of my deadline this morning. That, I I was barely awake. Went to bed at 1 a.m. after heavy drinking, woke up at 4:30 to get ready for the day. Ugh. In line at McDonald's my bladder made its first protest and I almost soaked myself right then and there. A couple of glasses of rum followed by passing out does that to a lady, so I began to fidget. The car in front was taking forever, so I thought of just dribbling a bit and having a quick rub in line there... but I figured I could make it home and it seemed kind of early, so I waited it out and double crossed my shaky knees. 

Upon arriving in line for my steak, egg, and cheese bagel, My conscious mind began to alert me that pleasure or accident, I needed tending to. Squeezing my legs tight and pressing fingers against my pussy, I paid the man at the window and forced a smile. He seemed confused, maybe aware of my situation. All I knew is that I was only a mile from my place and I could probably make it back. After reaching to receive my change I felt a tightness and some warmth, and realized that the imminent was nearing... I've managed to hold it this far and don't know how I made it up 3 flights of stairs...

Aside from a medium-sized damp spot on my undies, pants, and Mike's car seat, everything is okay for now... but I'm heading to the chat before my shower and car ride.

Catch you all there?

