Party brought back memories of a desperate girlfriend

Author: buddy

*000*2017-07-22 14:58

Yesterday I was at the birthday party of an old school friend. It was great because I met many old friends I hadn´t seen for ages. Amongst them was a girl Sabine. I was really happy to see her. She is a very cute girl and I have a wonderful memory of her. We had been at a farm house of some friends with our parents. While they had coffee, Sabine, myself and another friend Sascha roamed around the farm. It was really funny, as they had various animals, a huge haystack and a garage for the machines. While we played around I had perfect views under Sabines skirt on her white panties under a blue pantyhose.

During the afternoon I recognized that she became somehow restless. And she got continuously more squirrely to a point that I assumed that she had to go to the bathroom. But she didn´t say anything. At one point her mum dropped in to bring us some juice and cookies. Sabine seemed to try to compose herself and not to dance around too obvious. But she could stand still entirely and promptly her mum asked her whether she had to use the toilet. But even than she denied it vehemently. “But I know you, if you are so twitchy.” Her mum insisted. “Mum, I am only exited about our play.”

“Ok, you are old enough.”

After her mum left Sabine started to seriously prance around. She obviously couldn´t stand still for a second anymore. Also did she breath heavier and moaned sometimes. It was so apparent that she was absolutely bursting and couldn´t hold it very long. She could have gone into the house at any time, but didn´t. She didn´t say a word, even when Sascha asked her directly “Hey Sabine do you have to pee or what?” she denied it “No, not at all, why do you ask?”. When Sascha insisted “You are fidgeting like mad.” she disclaimed “Only because I am a bit cold!”

Shortly thereafter I observed for the first time that she held herself with one hand. She grabbed herself more and more often, at first only if she thought we were not looking at her. But soon she had her hand in her lap permanently, even when we obviously saw it. I admired and also enjoyed the scene as it was clear she would reach bursting point rather soon. To make the best out of it I suggested to play hide and seek. Sabine was really excited, as she maybe hoped to find a way to pee unnoticed. By now I understood that she was apparently to proud to admit her desperate need and thus tried to hide it from us.

I managed to make Sascha seek first. When Sabine was about to run away I grabbed her arm, told her I know a great hiding-place and pulled her with me. Probably because off her agony she didn´t protest and hobbled with me. I remembered a little balcony at the side of the stack, that could be reached only via a ladder. I push her in front of me up the ladder. While I followed her I saw again under her skirt the white panties through the thin nylon of her pantyhose. I could also watch how violently she squeezed her tights together. 

When we heard some noise I told her to stop, so she stood only 3 yard above me on the ladder. She had one food already on a higher rung, which she now pressed a far as she could over the knee of the other leg. For a second she stood like this shivering fiercely all the time. Then she grabbed herself again quickly. The noise disappeared and we climbed up onto the balcony, where I pulled up the ladder, so Sascha could not come up. But the balcony was quiet small maybe 20 squarefeet and had no balustrade. The only place where it was difficult to see us from the ground was a small corner at the very back.

For a while Sabine fidgeted around the deck in obvious agony. I guess she still wanted to disguise her desperation but couldn´t hold it without dancing on the spot quiet furiously. She had a face and look like a hunted deer. Then I asked her “Hey Sabine, why are you running around like crazy?” she moaned that she was so nervous. I insisted “that´s all?”

“Yeah.” Did she stammer. “Can you then stop it, because Sasche will hear your steps.” She looked at me with an even more pained expression and turned away from me. In fact did she prance a little less. Instead she evidently pressed her hands between her legs to hold herself. She tried to hide it from me by turning away. But I could see that she sometimes quickly spread her legs slightly and tightened her grip.

Suddenly we could hear Sascha coming close to our place. I quickly pulled Sabine into the furthest corner and held her with her back close to me. Immediately I felt how much she trembled. Her entire body was quivering in distress. When I pulled her even tighter to me I probably pushed on her overfull bladder, because she squeaked shortly, pulled my arm with both hands away and curtsied. Unfortunately Sascha heard the noise we made and found us. But even then Sabine did not admit her emergency. And that it definitely was. She was jumping around with both hands pressed tightly into her crotch. We agreed that she would seek next. I was afraid she would use the opportunity to run into the house and pee discretely. So I stayed around the corner and watched her and her agony. As soon as she thought she was alone, she pulled her skirt up, pantyhose and panties down, crouched and peed into the grass.

At the party yesterday I reminded her of the day. And when I asked her “wasn´t that funny?” she replied “well maybe for you, but for me it was torture.” Offcourse I asked her why. And then she told me in all detail how desperate she was and how she tried to hold it without showing her desperation to us. I wanted to know why she didn´t just go and she admitted that she was too shy or too proud to let us know, she was that desperate.

