Scavenging and bedwetting

Author: Dr. Philthy

*000*2020-03-14 23:25

So there were 2 experiences that I dealt with about a month ago, one involving delays that almost had me wetting myself and one that was yet another unforeseen bedwetting incident.

So to start with the desperation tale. I was driving out with someone to pick up some old items that people were giving away (one man's trash is another's treasure, as they say) and we were navigating down one of the busier freeways, and it was a Friday evening to boot, so I had the luck of an impatient drive. At this time, I felt no urges or anything, but had been drinking a lot of water throughout the day.

We arrived at the house, but the person was out and on the way back home. I decide to wait outside of the car to wait for them to arrive, thinking they'll be there in about 5 or so minutes. While waiting, I feel the mildest little twinge in my bladder. Nothing more than a 2 or 3 out of 10 and nothing that was a major concern for me. I'd taken a few more sips of my water since it was a warmer than usual day for the winter time. The person had gotten stuck in traffic and would be there about 25 minutes later than expected. While standing out by the car away from view, those urges were making themselves known a little more around the 4 to 5 range where you'd probably go use the toilet.

Now, being someone who's become very used to peeing outside under the cover of night, normally, I'd be fine going to a secluded spot and getting some relief from this, but a few problems being a, I had someone with me I didn't want to just walk off from in an area we don't know, b, I'm not sure exactly when the person is going to pull up, and c, the area is a bit too lit for me to find any good covering, and the last thing I'd want is to have the cops called because someone spotted a weirdo taking a leak out in the neighborhood. Fortunately, the person showed up, we exchanged what we were picking up and got started.

For the first 45 minutes of sifting through items, my urge was noticeable but manageable. I focused pretty intently on what to pick up and what we could leave. By about the hour mark, though, the very first wave of really bad desperation struck me that I needed to learn by the side of the vehicle and regain my composure. 2 traits that are definitely true about me is my inability to compare intake of things (a.k.a., how much water I'd drank up until that point) and my stubbornness, where not just that Iwould not simply ask to use a bathroom, but that I would think that years of doing holds would not put a little bit of wear on my bladder. While my friend was chatting with the person and asking them about other items they may have been getting rid of, I was still loading items in the vehicle while at times keeping my legs hunched together to combat the desperation that is coming a lot more than it is going.

About an hour and a half in, I'm definitely in the 7 to 8 range of bursting while going in between loading items and adding quick little chatter among the conversation. I can be very discreet in desperate situations where nothing is noticeable, but I was very thankful to have the vehicle to lean into cypress against. What I wouldn't have given for just one little 30 second long power outage to just dart behind a tree and pee. At one point, while leaning farther than normal to stack something in, I lost a spurt, which prompted me to grab myself while behind the door. Now I knew I was nearing trouble. I don't recall ever leaking in public no matter how badly I needed to pee, and that definitely put me on alert. Fortunately, I knew it was big and couldn't be seen through my shorts, but that definitely sealed me staying at an 8. I needed to finish things up and soon.

Between taking a load of items to the car, stopping to grit my teeth and move to the next grouping of things, it was probably a good 2 and a half hours before we were finished with everything we could take. At this point, my mental frame is thinking that being at an 8 for this length of time is actually worse than being at a 9. I had to pee so bad and couldn't do much except stand there with my hands in fists in my pockets as I didn't have the open doors to dance by anymore. 

We'd said our goodbyes and got in the car to go grab dinner and a MUCH NEEDED trip to the bathroom. My friend mentioned they needed to go too, but definitely not anywhere near the level I was currently at. I had to drive a little slower due to the extra weight we were carrying and the fact we were on a few diets roads, which definitely was not helping my case. We got back on the freeway and found a KFC/Taco Bell was about 8 minutes from where we were, which would aid in both endeavour's, though it would be cutting it close as it was nearing the time that the dining room would be closing.

We chatted a little while driving. At this point, I had moved up to a 9, in part to the fact that by driving, I couldn't do much to hold myself so I had to resort to holding my knee and trying to bear through it. But of course, nothing can ever be easy, as I absentmindedly passed the offramp for the restaurant so I had to double back. We pulled into the parking lot, got out, went inside in time, ordered what we wanted (priorities, right?) and asked for the bathroom to be opened. I went in, CAREFULLY pulled the drawstring on my shorts, as I have a tendency to knot them up when I'm in a hurry, and finally gained sweet relief I had needed for the past few hours. That may have been the most desperate I had been out with other people, though I doubt the last.

Now to go from that incredibly long story to a much shorter one that involves one portion of one that didn't occur with me: bedwetting.

I'd been out with a friend (female) and we'd crashed for the night and decided to share the same bed. (No naughtiness had occurred, for the record) so in the midst of my sleep, I believe I'd had a dream about being outside of some building and hurrying to get in to use the bathroom. I made it to a urinal and enjoyed the relief I was feeling. I believe I turned to walk away from the urinal, which in sleep form must mean that I rolled over in my sleep, because the back of my hand suddenly felt warm. I was shifted out of my sleep to come to the realization that I had completely soaked my side of the bed.

I inspected the damage and noticed the top sheet was definitely the biggest victim. Right then, the frustration hit me that this had happened again, but then a bit of panicking about how to covertly fix this. I got out of bed and slid some dirty clothes of mine under the mattress sheet to try and absorb whatever I could and I would do some laundry later and dry out the mattress.

I went to the bathroom to try and clean up a bit, but all my planning flew right out the window as she had been woken up by me leaving the room, and asking how come one side of the bed felt wet and cold. My heart sank as I'd wished I had a bottle of water or something in the room to come up with some kind of explanation for what else it could have been, but with nothing else to go off of, I was left with no other option but to admit what had happened. I cannot recall the last time I felt so embarrassed admitting anything, as I think this was the first time anyone had ever found out I had an accident since my parents when I was a kid. We'd pretty much chalked it up to the stress I had been dealing with at work, since I believe that's what had caused previous accidents I'd had over that past few years. So things were settled and I went ahead and took care of the laundry and went about the day.

Hope you enjoyed the stories. Definitely the most omo-oriented week I have had in awhile.

