More girlfriend fun

Author: kochel428

*000*2018-08-17 22:55

I went on vacation with my new girlfriend, J, a few weeks ago, and we had some fun you all will be interested in hearing about.

We rented a cottage in the country, close to some good hiking. We did a fair amount of hiking that week, carrying large water bladders in our packs. One day we went to a winery and got a little sauced before hiking. I already had to pee before we left the winery, but J told me to hold it while we went on our hike.

It was maybe half an hour from the winery to the trail, and by the time we got to the trailhead I really truly had to go. Nonetheless I started sucking down water from my 3 liter pack as soon as we started the hike. It wasn't a long hike, and at the end of the trail was a nice waterfall and creek that some people were using as a swimming hole. We walked out into the creek using the stepping stones that dotted the surface, and then climbed up onto a big rock out in the middle of the creek. 

We sat there for a while and watched the crawfish scramble around backwards on the creek bed. It was a strangely serene activity considering I was only barely containing my pee. In private I would have been squirming like crazy and holding myself, but there were several people around so I tried to keep things looking normal. Unfortunately that came at the cost of several teaspoons of pee that forced its way out in little spurts. When we were ready to go, jumping off the rock was enough to get me to lose it for just a second, and I felt warm wetness on the inside of my pant leg, making a small patch below my crotch.

I had been filling J in on my situation, and when this happened I told her I would definitely be seriously wet by the time we got back up the hill to the car, unless I was allowed to go. So we went a little ways up from where the people were hanging out, and she pointed to a log. "Go here," she demanded. It was right in the middle of the trail, and I was pretty nervous that someone would come by, but I was also desperate enough to not really care. So I opened my fly and gasped with relief, as J watched with apparent satisfaction. I peed for a good minute at least, and then finally stopped when it wasn't feeling so urgent anymore. I was no longer desperate, but I knew I would be again pretty soon.

We stopped into town on the way back to the cottage to get some takeout and pick up some more beer. While we drove I emptied a nearly-full nalgene bottle, so by the time we had picked up the food and went into the local brewery I had to hobble to and from the car. I was starting to get worried I'd have a full on accident in the rental car during the half hour drive from town to the cottage, so I put a towel down on the seat to at least catch some of it.

Once we were out of town I felt free to squirm and plead with J to just let me empty my bladder in the car. She refused me permission but she did offer enticement: "I have to go really badly now too, so if you wait until we get back to the house I'll let you go in your pants and I'll pee on you too."

That was enough to get me to stop begging, but it wasn't enough to keep my bladder leak-free. Several times my muscles tensed up like crazy and I felt piss spurt out into my pants no matter how hard I tried to stop it. Meanwhile, J, with her nurse's bladder, was showing zero outward signs of desperation, but she assured me she was very full. It was lucky she was the one driving.

I felt my control slipping as we pulled into the driveway, and as soon as I got out of the car, I started to lose it. There was nothing I could do to hold it in, so in a last-ditch bid to save my boots I just squatted there in front of the little house in full view of the world, watering the grass through my pants. I sighed with relief and looked up at J apologetically. "Does this qualify as waiting until we get back?" In answer she took me inside the house, spread a towel on the floor, and gestured for me to lie down on it. I did as I was told, while she stripped off her pants. Straddling me, still in my wet clothes, she locked eyes with me and I felt her warm pee flood my pants. She wasn't lying—she had a whole lot of pee stored in there. I really have no idea how she does it. But she soaked my pants way more than I had myself, and the towel as well.

Once that was done we made out for a while, and then got the rest of the way undressed and went to the bed. I still had to go pretty badly, somehow, and as we started fucking (she had brought along her restraints, so she was tied to the bed), I found myself spurting piss into the condom. I've never quite had that feeling before. I've done it a little bit, but this was definitely the most I've ever peed inside someone. I finished before her, so I pulled out and kneeled beside the bed, going down on her until she came. The condom looked like I'd had a massive load, when actually it was probably mostly pee. To top it off, I left the condom on while I went down on her, and started releasing my bladder freely until she came. She laughed out loud when I stood up and she saw the giant water balloon I was holding onto my dick. I ran to the shower to take it off, and then finally finished peeing in the tub. I went back to bed and we cuddled until we fell asleep. We didn't shower until morning.

GOOD TIMES!

Since then we've had wet sex again, and this time I finally got her desperate enough that it started to show. I'll talk about that soon. In the meantime, I hope you enjoyed this!

