Uncontrollable wetting

Author: Brittanybunny

*000*2018-02-25 13:37

So this literally just happened as i am writing this

I had just gone to the hospital yesterday due to the hemorrhoids to see if i can get an appointment anytime sooner than they were giving me. For the time being i got put back on those gross chalk pills i wrote about in another post of mine and a suppository. Now i have no idea if these pills affect my bladder, i never had any bladder affects or anything from them before, The only thing i ever got from them was dizziness and stomach pain if i didn't eat something when taking them.

So i am laying there asleep and in the middle of a hot omo dream. I was in some weird surreal dream being in some strange place with people i knew, but i had to pee and so i spread my legs and peed my pants. I woke up, feeling a bit of a need to go, ya know, typical morning pee feeling.

I get up and i stop, feeling a sensation in my panties, i feel a wet spot. Not thinking much of it until i reach my door and i start peeing uncontrollably. I wasn't pushing or anything, i was just slowly spurting and peeing. Quickly grabbing a towel to press against me so my floor wouldn't get wet I ran to the bathroom to finish. My underwear was soaked and the towel had many wet spots. I got to go back to my college classes tomorrow and now i'm worried if this will happen again during class.

*002*2018-02-25 16:22

Was it the title that threw it off? If so sorry, i woke up thinking i was wetting but i wasnt until i stood up from the bed and it came rushing out with no feeling whatsoever and no warning, this wasnt a purpose wetting

