Slight self-wetting in bed

Author: leon2040

*000*2016-06-06 06:29

First - going to be using graphic language. So you have been warned.

Went to bed about an hour ago, and skipped my usual last pee of the night. Things are fine up until twenty minutes ago, when I start to get hard.

Think to myself, just a pee boner, ignore it. I shift, and suddenly it feels like I'm about to piss everywhere...but subsides just as quickly. Unfortunately, that caused my erection to go from "pee soon" to full "if I don't jack off, I'm going to be in serious pain."

So, I shift again to where my legs are bent at the knees and spread open, and I decide to do something I haven't done since I was about...twelve or thirteen.

I was going to try to hold while also trying to tease a leak.

Laying back like I was, I start rubbing myself. Gingerly sliding a finger up and down my still hard dick, while my other hand is just as lightly playing with my balls.

Speaking only for myself obviously, but there's just something about attempting self-sabotage.

Anyway, I keep going. Hands now going all over; cock, balls, anywhere sensitive right there, all the while I can feel my bladder wanting to empty all over me. More than once, I felt it surge to the very tip...trying so hard to leak out, but nearly everytime, it was denied.

Likely, it was because my dick was pointed right back towards me, but I didn't care. I was enjoying myself far too much.

Soon after the fifth "surge," I went for it. Groping, tickling, stroking, the works.

Sure enough, out dribbled just a few little drops. Just enough to moisten my cock, but not enough to be satisfying. I continued, and a few more drops came out. Then a few more, and more until I got what I wanted. A good, long spurt that got my stomach and crotch good and damp.

Figuring that was enough, I drained the rest into the sink and went about taking care of my other pressing need.

Fortunately, my earlier teasing left me nearly about to cum, so I stroked it hard and fast until I came.

Holy shit it was good.

*005*2016-06-07 17:42

@Flower

Thank you!

@Fred46888

I know that all too well, generally prefer doing that in the shower though (immediate cleanup). Nothing quite like getting right up to the edge, and letting one spray all over followed quickly by the other. I'm not that picky on the order.

Though it is really good stroking myself while emptying.

