My first genuine (and unplanned) loss of control

Author: DouglasCande

*000*2020-06-12 18:54

Hi! Wanted to write about this for a while and finally got to it! This is my second time posting something here (and English is my second language) son don’t be too harsh on me for errors or boring writing lol

Some people describe themselves on their stories for some reason, so I’ll do it to for those interested (if you are not, then skip to next paragraph to get to the story). I’m a 28y/o male, 5’11”height, 165lbs weight (I look kinda slim, I think), bearded and kinda pale skinned lol. The day this happened I had a pair of calvin klein thick cotton boxer briefs (I love how those absorb pee) under some jeans and a black t shirt. Now on to my story!

This happened to me about a week or so before COVID lockdown began. I had been visiting my parents for the weekend and it was time to go back home which is about a 2.5 hour drive from their house. I decided that day that I would do a hold all the way to my apartment and wet when I got there, so about two hours before leaving my parent’s place I had a coffee and started drinking water. I had about 7 or 8 glasses of water and thought about taking a 12oz bottle of water with me to keep drinking on the way, but decided not to because when it was time to leave I was already starting to feel the pee accumulating.

When I do holds I like to let out little leaks into my underwear (it turns me on a LOT, plus I love feeling the wetness and teasing my bladder by making it think it can finally relax, but not really) so knowing this I decided to put a towel on my seat before getting into my car so I didn’t ruin the seat (thankfully). With everything set and ready I started my 2.5 hour trip home with a filling bladder.

At first it didn’t feel like much (2-3/10 maybe) and I was feeling excited and kind of impatient for bladder to start getting really full and make me desperate. About halfway through the trip I started to feel some urge (6/10-ish) and it just started to get worse faster. When I’m at an 8/10 I was about 40 minutes from my apartment, so I decided to start teasing myself and let the first few small leaks. The wetness and warmth felt sooo good that it was really hard for me to not reach down and grab myself and stroke a little like I do when I’m holding at home. At about the third deliberate leak there was a nice small wet spot in my jeans, the site of which, combined with the blissful feeling of closing the gates to my bladder to early, were giving me a hard on. I just wanted to get home and release everything! Luckily there were just about 30 minutes of highway left and after that some 5-10mins to get home.

However, life was not gonna give me relief so easily… I got into the worst traffic jam I’ve seen in my life. Literally fully stopped vehicles in the highway, all 3 lanes full of cars, mine being in the middle lane. I suddenly realized how that 8/10 started increasing really fast. I tried to calm down, not think about my desperation too much and just wait for the traffic to stop moving, but it was too much to ignore. The bladder teasing hadn’t helped at all, instead it had made me more desperate and harder for me to hold it in.

About 40 minutes into the traffic jam I was already really close to explode at 10/10, so I decided to try and go to the side of the road to pee there, but since traffic was moving so slowly (most of the time not at all) that proved impossible. Next best thing I thought was peeing into a bottle, but sadly I had emptied all the trash in my car during the weekend so I had not bottles at all in my car. Then I remembered that I had thought to bring a bottle with me and deliberately decided not to. I hated myself a little because of that.

So nothing was left for me to do besides wait…. And wait… but my bladder was tired of my waiting and my teasing. I had been already there for an hour and my body just couldn’t wait any longer. I suddenly felt what I can only describe as a small sting followed by a sudden warmth between my legs. At first I tried to stop it and managed to do it for a couple of seconds, but the warmth, the wetness, the release it just all felt so f-cking good that my common sense of not peeing my car left and I just wanted to let it flow.

And I did. I finally relaxed and let it all come out of me (luckily it was dark outside already so no one could see into my car). However, I don’t know if it’s just me but when I’m wetting I get so turned on that my penis starts to get hard and the flow starts to slow down, making my wetting las even longer (which turns me on even more, I just love it) so I was peeing probably for a full minute/minute and a half. After that I was constantly letting pee out every time I felt just the slightest need to.

I was in the traffic jam for another whole hour and spent it wetting every time I got just enough pee to fill a little desperate (did this maybe 3 more times lol). It was REALLY hard not to touch myself all this time, but I finally got home (don’t think anybody saw me in my wet clothes, but who knows) and got to enjoy myself at last….

…. Until I was finished satisfying myself and realized the mess that I had left in my car. It was a pain to clean and get the smell out completely (although it wasn’t too smelly thanks to all that water) but I finally could get it cleaned and I don’t regret the experience at all.

Thanks for reading and sorry for the long post! I’m really enjoying sharing my experiences so who knows, maybe I’ll share more and maybe even some pictures/videos someday.

*002*2020-06-12 23:17

{{2 hours ago, nerdy princess said:

Thanks for posting this. It was pretty exciting to read. Can't wait to read some more.

}}

Glad you enjoyed it! There will be more eventually ;)

*005*2020-06-15 13:50

{{On 6/13/2020 at 10:45 AM, Wetsy said:

I've done this on more than one occasion, but I usually have a lrge garbage bag under the seat that I can put under me to save the seat...

}}

I had never done it in this proportion, that's why I only put a towel (didn't help much though, do to the ammount of pee). But I enjoyed it so much that I may do it again. This time with a bag under, of course lol

*008*2020-07-06 16:52

{{On 7/4/2020 at 8:51 PM, miamiclubkid said:

Did you ever find out why the traffic had stopped? even if some total retard had ran out of gas then stopped in the middle of the road rather then coasting off to the shoulder before the car stopped moving there was still the other two lanes open for cars to travel through. how could all 3 lanes of traffic come to a total stop???

}}

Yes, it was because of a really ugly, sad and fatal crash. Didn't want to mention it so it didn't ruin the mood of the story lol

{{On 7/4/2020 at 6:50 AM, Roxanne said:

Really hot, thanks!

}}

Glad you liked it! Been wishing to have a similar experience again, but haven't got the time /opportunity :(

*011*2020-07-09 17:08

{{20 hours ago, wannagetwet said:

Loved reading this, sounds very exciting thanks for sharing!

}}

It was very exciting indeed Thanks for the feedback, glad you liked it!

*013*2020-07-09 19:19

{{2 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

It's good that you can look back and see it as an exciting experience. Sharing it here made some of us excited, too!

}}

Glad that so many people like and enjoy my experience! I'm happy to cause excitement I really thought not much people would react to it hahaha

