The hot teacher

Author: MustHoldIt69

*000*2018-02-15 14:21

So here's a little back ground on the story.So this happened about 4 years ago while I was in high school. There was this teacher who was really hot everyone loved her. We'll call her Mrs. S for privacy reasons. Mrs. S was really really good looking. She was really tall about 6ft and had redish brown hair and bluish green eyes. Her breast was probably DD and her ass was nice. She was a really sweet lady.Me im blonde hair blue eyes. Breast DD and nice ass. Also this particular teachers favorite english student. We'll I decided one day to only empty half of my morning bladder and hold the rest. 

I started drinking water during first period and I got side tracked with talking and laughing and doing my group project that I had forgotten about my need....and how I was only supposed to drink 1 water not 2! Finally the bell rang and I went to second period. This teacher was known for not letting anyone out to go pee so I should of knew that if things got bad quickly during this period I was screwed except I had forgotten that little part! I went to second period without even thinking and started drinking another water. This particular class was history my favorite class and not because of just the subject....because of the teacher.

He was hot. Really hot. Like super model kind of hot. Anyways my friends and I used to annoy him during class by talking and what not just to hear his stern sexy voice get onto us. And this day was no different than the rest or so I thought. My friend C was sitting in the very front row of the class room the second desk in the row from the teachers desk and I was sar directly behind her. That day we had a test so if we started talking during the rest we would get in trouble and be sent to the office to finish the test.Well it was about the middle of the test when suddenly my bladder made itself known. Very known so much so I had to shove my hand between my legs to stop a leak. 

Around the same time Im not really sure what the hell my friend was thinking but I guess she thought itd be funny to turn around and start talking. That got the teachers attention and even more so when he saw my hand between my legs. He told us both to be quite or the next time we would be in trouble. Well C didn' get the hint and kept talking to me so he sent us to the office. As I got ready to stand up i moved my hand and slowly stood up. Big mistake...i felt some spurts come out and I jammed my hand between my legs and ran to the bathroom across the hall.

Frantically pushing on the door. It wouldn' open. Then I realized that I needed a key to get in because it was locked and I knew I wouldn' be given one because I was already in trouble and had been sent to the office so I grabbed myself harder and turned around only to see C standing behind me mouth open. I looked down at my feet as I hurried past her to the office to see if I could get a bathroom key. Much to my horror the principal said no and told me that I would be spending the rest of this period and all of 3rd with him. Which meant no bathroom for me. I sat there for about 5 minutes before C came in. When she came in she sat right next to me but wouldn't look at me. I knew she thought I was weird I just knew it. The principal had instructed us to finish our test no talking and when we was done hed talk to us about our behavior in class.

I had so much trouble focusing on my test my bladder was screaming at me for release and there wasn' anything I could do. I hurried up and tried to finish my test but when I was on the last question my bladder spasmed badly and it took both of my hands to stop from flooding my jeans. I gasped loud I guess because I heard the principle tell me to come to his desk immediately without even looking up from his work. I didn't move I just sat there trying to hold the flood back for as long as I could but I knew it wouldn' be long. He called my name but I didn't hear him I was too focused on my bladder and keeping the ocean inside. He finally got up and came over andstood in font of me. That caught my attention. I slowly looked up at him my face red from embarrassment and slightly shaking from holding the ocean inside. He asked me what I was doing I couldn' answer. He asked again.

Again I couldn' answer and that' when C spoke up for me. She told him that I needed to pee very badly and that I was about to wet myself. He asked me if that was true and For the first time ever I looked him dead in the eyes and told him yes. Then next thing i knew he was handing me the key to the bathroom but when I got there the door was unlocked when I put the key in so I pushed if open. As soon as I stepped inside I could feel my bladder giving away and I moved as quickly to the first stall and tried to push it open....it didn' open. I tried the 2nd one. Nothing. That's when I saw it them...Mrs.S feet under the door of the first and someone else' under the second. I was screwed. My bladder couldn' hold anymore and I felt myself lose control completely I tried hard to stop it but I couldn' I had too much in me. 

I just stood there with my eyes closed and wetting myself right outside the toilets. I was startled when I heard Mrs. S say my name. I froze. She said my name again and I finally opened my eyes to see her looking at me concerned. I quickly looked down at the puddle I was standing in and I couldn' help but laugh a little. Mrs. S asked if I was ok and I told her yes just that I had needed the bathroom badly all morning and that I had gotten sent to the office because C wouldn' stop trying to talk to me during 2nd period test even though I didn' talk to her and I got in trouble and was sent to the office. I remember Mrs. S asking why didn' i go and I told her that I had asked but was told no and she said something else to me but I can' remember what but I just remember never looking at her the same way for a few months after and anytime I asked to us the bathroom in her class she was always quick to say yes

*002*2018-02-18 07:06

{{On 2/15/2018 at 9:56 AM, largebio said:

Sorry you didn’t make it. But great writing!

}}

Thank you

