Mario Karts

Author: Averylynn

*000*2015-09-10 08:31

This is actually an experience I had at the beginning of August, I just couldn't find a way to properly word it nor did I want to write about Nat

So my ex-girlfriend, Nat, and I were both hardcore Mario Kart players. Not in the way of knowing all the secrets and stuff, more in the way of "I will fucking destroy you at this game!" So anyways, we hadn't played Mario Karts together before, and Nat kept working it into the conversation while we were watching a lesbian movie we had found on netflix (I don't remember the title of it, although it fit into the same genre of depressing queer movies because apparently queer people can't have happy movies) Finally I ended up getting annoyed at Nat's constant "i'm so good at Mario Karts" thing, I turned off our movie and turned on Mario Karts.

Now the thing to remember about when I play Mario Karts, is I'm used to playing 32 races back to back chosen randomly, so I didn't bother changing it from those settings. Nat was the one who decided that there were no breaks allowed. Now I mean she was the one who I had pissed herself in front of me twice at that point so if anything she'd be the one regretting her choice not me.

I am not entirely sure how many cans of pop Nat had drank at that point, although I know I had two in the course of the movie, although being over confident, I grabbed another can of slowly warming pop out of the box, took a quick swig of it and chose a character.

The beginning of the races had gone pretty well, Nat and I were basically taking turns with who got first or second, so no clear winner had come up at that point yet. Sure, there was a lot of distractions from both of us (if I got really far ahead I'd maybe squeeze her boob a bit, she left a pretty purple mark on my shoulder, that kind of thing) but it was a pretty close game.

We were about 18 races in, and I had four cans of pop, when her idea of distracting me between levels was to sit on my lap and tickle me a bit (under the guise of pretending she was going to kiss me) now I am a very ticklish person, and I am also the type of person who screams if I'm tickled at all. At one point during this whole fiasco, she pressed her hand down hard on my bladder, causing me to realize how fucking full it was and how much I had to go. Although I wasn't going to let her use that against me! I had to win just to prove that I could beat her.

One thing I'm not good at is hiding my need to pee, ad I'm not good at it because I've never had to do it before. Up until that point in history, if I had to pee I would announce it to everyone in the room. If I was walking around outside at night I never had a problem squatting somewhere, but this wasn't like those times and some how I had to hide it.

DK's Summit, race number 21, was where I started to lose it.

"Hey, Nat, can we quickly pause it? I really have to pee." I told her as I could feel myself seconds away from leaking.

"I told you no breaks" She responded not looking away from the TV. "Unless you want to leave to go to the bathroom while I play the next race and possibly leave you in last place."

That was not going to happen. So I opened my legs slightly, because I heard once that helped, and raced on.

I was in luck, the next race was warios gold mine. I'm shit at that level. I always fall off a lot, although I can still get first. I used the times I'd fall to quickly grab myself, rubbing the heel of my palm against myself hoping that would stop the pressure. It was going pretty well and I started getting confident in my ability to get through the race.

Race 26 changed that. I was in so much pain I was close to tears. "Nat..." I cried softly "can we please pause the game?"

Finally she looked over at me. She seemed so surprised about the state I was in. "Are you okay?" There was a lot of worry in her voice. To my luck she paused the game so I could rush to the bathroom!

Although that's about where my luck ran out. I had been so good at not leaking or anything, and the second I stood up it felt like everything was just coming out. It felt so good, finally emptying my bladder that I gave no notice to where I was, or more so I didn't care. Nat went to the laundry room to grab some towels, while I was still wetting, and soon the puddle was gone. She did mock me about it a few times afterwards though, but whatever.

And in case anyone cares, she won, I ended up very distracted after that

