Stupid Traffic, Stupid Embarrassment

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*000*2011-12-13 05:58

Hi, this is one of my true-life stories I have always been shy so naturally I wouldnt let anyone know when I had to use the bathroom. Which meant I got into a bunch of situations when I was a kid. Thankfully I've never full blown on wet myself in public, accidently pooped(different story that I will not be disclosing lol) Seriously though. This happened when I was 19, just like the title suggests, well here it is.

I was riding in a car with my friend Bailey, and we were caught in traffic on the bridge of all places. Whose been to SF? Then you know exactly what I'm talking about, so we were headed back home when all of a sudden we were at a standstill, I'm guessing there was an accicdent up ahead or something. But we had just finished eating lunch, and I had one of those sweet teas from Mcdonalds, mind you I had refilled it like twice already before I even got into the car. And so we were stuck there, when I felt that feeling in your bladder, that lets you know you have to pee.. and soon. But I figured we wouldnt take that long, and we would soon be home so I didnt say anything. Not that I would have anyway I dont like people knowing when I have to go, no idea why I get uncomfortable.

So I was discreetly squirming in my seat as the minutes ticked by, it felt like I was waiting forever. I was trying not to draw attention to myself, and since he had the music on he couldnt hear the sighs that escaped my mouth. About 35 minutes later, I was in trouble I knew it, I had my heel holding on for me and it was all I could do not to grab at myself. i didnt want him to know what was up, it was embarrassing. I happen to glance at him and at the time I thought he was trying to make himself more comfortable, but as I look back I'm pretty sure he was adjusting himself..but what do I know right?

I turned my body towards the door and slipped my hand into my pants to hold myself when he finally spoke up. I still blush when I recall the conversation even as I write it down.

"Toni, how long do you think you can hold it?"

The way he said it was like he was asking about the weather and I turned to look at him, and instantly denied it of course.

"What are you talking about?"

"You know what I'm talking about, I know you have to pee."

"Why would you think that? I dont have to use to the bathroom."

"No? Then why cant you keep still? Why are you holding yourself like you have to pee then?"

"I was scratching and itch, why are you looking at me so closely? That's creepy Bails."

He shook his head but he dropped it for the moment, and finally the car started moving. I had never been so grateful I tried really hard not to draw anymore attention to my predicament. Finally we were free of the traffic but I couldnt wait until we got to my house or his, but I also didnt want to ask if he could stop because then he would know. But I didnt really have a choice in the matter, I guess, super embarrassing.

"Can you pull over for a bit?"

"Why, we're gonna be home in like 20 minutes."

"I know I just wanted to stretch my legs, after having been sitting still for the past hour."

"You havent been sitting still Toni, if I can recall you have to pee dont you?"

*Blushing feriously* "No I dont."

I denied it, even when we finally got to his house and as we got out the car, and headed to the front door. It was evident that I had to pee and he was getting his stuff from the trunk while I hopping from foot to foot on his porch. Blushing as I type I seemed to have lost a bit of pride, because the pain of it got so bad, seriously I dont even think I was aware of what I was doing at a point.

"Bailey open the door NOW!"

"In a minute just let me grab my bag and I'll be right there." He replied head in the trunk.

"I can't wait just open it...please" I was begging by this point, which finally caused him to look up at the pleading tone of my voice.

I remember trying not to cry, because it was so intense and him taking a look at me before dropping whatever was in his hand on the sidewalk before running to open the door for me. All the while he was opening the door he was lecturing me, it was so humilating.

"This is why you dont wait until the last minute. I dont know why you get embarrassed it's natural Toni."

He muttered while he put the key in, I had by this point had unbuckled my pants and was frantically trying to hold it in when he opened the door and I rushed in. Usually I am modest person, that was tossed out the window, I simply could not be bothered with the door. I reached the bathroom in record time, and I was still going when he walked by. He looked at me amused, seeing the door wide open before smirking and saying;

"Really?"

I shrugged and put my head in my hands, and sighed in relief.

*003*2011-12-13 19:57

{{ 

Wow, thats a great story i,ve been there before, i kinda wanna do that to my girlfriend and make her wet herself but i know how embaressed she'd be if i made her do that. Overall great story i hope one day my girlfriend is in the same situation with me :3

}}

Yea, super embarrassing, it could happen when you least expect it anyways. Maybe prolong her from going but just not wet you know?

{{ 

You know, my fantasies make me think I'd love to be in this situation but if truth be told I would hate it cause I'd have done the same thing you did!

}}

Tell me about I wanted to die. Still get embarrassed if he brings it up randomly :o

*006*2011-12-20 03:52

{{ 

Cute story. At least you made it without wetting yourself in front of him?

}}

That time...that story is for another time..lol

*009*2018-02-14 05:48

I

{{On 1/19/2012 at 4:06 PM, Teumessian said:

*Grabs popcorn and waits patiently* :D

}}

I would tell you know but you ghosted

*011*2018-02-20 06:40

{{On 2/14/2018 at 3:05 AM, Gemmy said:

I love that you were still denying it even though you were obviously very desperate.

}}

Lol yeah that's me in a nutshell. I could be full on peeing myself, and still would be like, "I don't have to go!" LOL

*013*2018-02-23 00:12

{{13 hours ago, OmoMan111 said:

Well I'm still very interested...

Also, any chance you've changed your mind on "disclosing" this over the course of the past 6 years?

}}

Well the pooping accident happened when I was like 10, however, as you said it's been 6 years. I've had a full blown actually wetting in public around 4 years old. Might share that one.

