Finally leaked in public

Author: secretleaker

*000*2020-04-30 17:05

I have been so secretive about my fetish and have only ever leaked outside when it was like 2 or 3 in the morning when no one in the neighborhood is awake or up. But I decided that it was time to attempt a daytime, semi public, leaking. So, I got up and made my first cup of coffee, got changed for my walk and finished the cup of coffee. I had breakfast and then made my second cup of coffee. I did have a few chores to do around the house, so I did those while I could feel my bladder slowly filling up. I made a 3rd cup to drink on the drive to the nature park about 15 minutes away. I grabbed a bottle of water and headed out.

I was about 1 mile into the walk when the urge really started to hit me that I had to pee. The whole time, I have been taking random drinks of my water. As I continued further from my car, and the safety of it, I could feel the pressure building faster now. I took the last drink of my water, and without thinking, crushed the bottle to the point that it was now useless to use as a place to pee if I chickened out. I continued to where I was about 2 miles down the trails and got to an area that was wide open, "too open" I thought to myself. So I headed back down the trail back towards my car. As I got to a fork in the trail, I decided to take a different way back and got to a little clearing that was easy to see if anyone was coming from anywhere. 

The coast was clear, I relaxed a little bit but my body was fighting the leak. I pushed a little bit, I felt a little bit leak into my underwear, I looked at my jeans, no sign. Thats not good enough, I relaxed again, this time my body got the message, a bigger leak came out. I stopped it, looked at my pants, still no sign. Third try, has to succeed! I relaxed again and another, bigger leak shot out of my cock. This time I had to have a visible spot on my pants, lo and behold, I did. I tied my sweatshirt around my waist so that it kinda hid the spot, but as I walked, if you looked, you would see a spot about the size of a silver dollar on my pants. I was still almost a mile from my car, so off I went and as I walked, I did what I could to keep the spot from getting smaller, and accidentally made it a little bigger!

Finally, a public leak, and yes, there were other people out walking and I saw about 6 or 7 other people as I walked back to my car. Next step, running shorts haha.

Thanks for reading.

