Rapid Desperation + Laxatives

Author: violentdreams

*000*2022-02-11 06:35

Since my roommate is gone for the week, I decided to have some fun. I live very close to a cemetery, which gives me a nice place to walk around at night without being seen by anyone. A perfect chance to be desperate! So, I drank water on the hour and peed as often as I had to for a few hours, slipped a suppository laxative in once the preparation time was up, and took a water bottle with me on a late night walk.

The cemetery is a few minutes walk from my house, and as I make my way over there, I pass by a lot of apartments and houses. It's an exciting though that if I have an accident, I'll have to walk past them all again with the evidence clear on my pants. My bladder was already starting to fill itself up, and I was starting to feel the urge to poop, but it wasn't nearly strong enough to make me stop walking. The thing with suppository laxatives is that they can make me desperate in as little as five minutes, and I've messed myself after only 10 minutes with them before. The urge steadily built up as I made my way over to the cemetery gates, and I knew there was no turning back once I was there. I sipped from my water bottle, and walked down the looping trail.

I wanted to make a full loop around the cemetery without turning around, and it was a lot harder than it sounds. When I have to go, it gets harder to walk up hill, and there are a lot of hills on that path. I started to push my thighs together as I walked, because the urge was only getting more intense as I went on, and I was only just halfway done with the walk, but I wasn't even sure if I could make it back out of the gates clean at this point. My stomach was growling, and I had to focus my energy not to leak. I kept myself from grabbing myself, but I didn't even know if I wanted to grab my crotch or my backside, I had to go so bad from both of them. It was getting harder to walk, and when I finally got out of the cemetery again and started crossing the street, there were tears in my eyes. I wasn't home yet, though. I still had to walk past all the houses.

At this point, I was practically waddling back to the house, trying to keep my butt clenched and my bladder held at the same time. It felt like my bladder was just filling up every few seconds, and I let out a tiny leak. I froze. I had planned on having an accident, but now I was determined to hold it, since I had already made it so far. I could walk again after a minute, and I kept on, even though my thighs were practically glued together. Surprisingly, I made it to the front door of my apartment without incident, but when I pulled out my keys, I let out a spurt. I thought I was done for, that I was going to have a latchkey accident, but I was able to get myself back under control, unlock the door to the apartment, and walk down the stairs as casually as I could, even though I was dancing as I opened the door to my unit.

When I got inside, strangely, the urge seemed to subside, enough for me to take off my shoes and coat, put my keys down, and put my phone on the charger. I decided to ride the reprieve and see how long I could hold from here, and went to sit down at my desk. Big mistake. As soon as I sat down, the urge returned at full force, and I had to sprint to the bathroom. When I got inside and shut the door, it was too late. I could feel myself starting to go. My bladder was still held tight as a vice, but I was standing there and starting to mess myself. I wouldn't be able to pull my pants down for the toilet, so I hopped in the shower, and held on for as long as I could. It wasn't more than a few seconds.

My bladder went first, but my bowels weren't far behind. I was standing when I started to wet, but I squatted practically against my will when I had to mess, and it came out fast. I was wearing some very tight boxers, and they bulged behind me before pushing the mess right up back against myself. It hurt, but it felt so good, I didn't once stop to think about stopping to do it in the toilet instead. Not until I was almost done, and the mess I had already made was preventing me from going anymore in my pants. I pulled them off, dropped what I could in the toilet, and finished there before cleaning up.

Honestly, after the fact, I'm sad it's over so soon. I'll definitely be doing this again.

*002*2022-02-12 22:16

{{17 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

I liked this story, and I'm thinking about trying a suppository myself! Where did you get yours?

}}

Honestly, most grocery stores or pharmacies will have them. i got a pack of four for $4 at meijer. you just have to look around where they sell their medicines and other stuff like that

