Prom After Party Disaster

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-05-20 02:30

I have made a couple stories about peeing in my car, but this one has not been shared yet. Please be sure to leave your thoughts. I feel like this is very similar to some of my other stories, but I never seem to learn about these situations.

For background, it was junior prom. We had a great time at the actual event, and even more fun at the after party. I was so excited to wear my dress and had picked out new clothes to change into after.

I was the chauffeur for two of my friends with midnight and one o clock curfews, but I had told my parents I would be staying with one of them. I don't remember which.

We dance and partied at prom. Then after that was over went and got some food from McDonalds or something, and then goofed around at Walmart. I remember we all stopped and peed here. It was probably about 11:30 at this point because we had to go so I could get my friends home.

Then I took my time getting the other home since I had another whole hour.

After they were both dropped off, I went and found a party. I socialized there for a little while. And when I say this was a crazy party I mean it was pretty wild. And there weren't really any worries about it being busted because it was far out on private property.

Peoples cars were lined up everyone and tons of people were in the house. All drinking who knows what.

I had a couple beers or coolers, but didn't get too carried away.

Around the time everyone started to leave, go inside to sleep, or sleep in cars I did the same.

I made my way to my vehicle at around 3:00 a.m. And somehow I had managed to get a rather concealed spot, so even if it wasn't pitch black out no one could see me.

I let the seats down that opened into the trunk and made a decent makeshift bed before settling into an okay slumber.

I jolted awake at 4:03, from what the clock said. I began to wonder what had made me wake as I rolled over from my side to my stomach. And then the burning pulse of my bladder sent chills up my spine.

I immediately rolled over crossing one leg over the other and sandwiching my hand between them.

I didn't care if someone knew or if I had a spotlight with the whole school looking. I was desperate.

What was I suppose to do? I couldn't go inside. Someone out here surrounding me could be awake.

I finally decided maybe I could push the urge off enough to go back to sleep.

So that I did. It help enough so that the urge was manageable to sleep with.

And then, not knowing time, but it was still black out, I woke again.

The hand I had had permanently in my crotch was now in my hair. My legs that had been against each other like PB and J were now sprawled out like someone halfway doing the splits.

As my brains registered the sensation in my bladder for a second time sending signals to release, my hands and legs didn't work fast enough.

Pee didn't just leak or drip out. It fully gushed for at least 3 to 5 seconds completely soaking my underwear and creating a large wet patch on my shorts.

Never had I ever lost that much at one time before. And now each movement made more come out. It wasn't a matter of not trying to wet myself because I already was.

I could not believe this just happened to me. On what was suppose to be the greatest night of my life I was wetting my pants. Yet that dirty little voice in the back of my head told me I didn't mind doing it all that much.

I moaned as more pee threatened to spill over my hand that i now had down there to buy me some time. My hips thrased around as I tried to find any spot more comfortable than this one.

I just need to formulate some kind of plan.

And that was when the night got even crazier. my phone dinged with a text from one of my exes, even though we were still great friends it just hadn't worked out together.

It read: "You still at the party?"

I knew he was, I had saw him and his younger sister right before I got in my car. I could ignore it and pretend like I wasn't, but at this rate I knew that if I ever peed I would be asleep for a while after.

"yea" I sent back.

"Long story, but could I get in your car or something? Need a ride home." Chimed back a minute later.

I wiggled more franticly pushing my hand further into myself. My ex knew I was into this stuff. to this day he is one of the 3 people in my life that know. And he didn't seem to mind it, he has a few of his own weird obsessions. I would even venture to some say were worse than mine.

"I wouldn't mind, but I have a little 'dilemma'." I used one hand to thumb back, if he remembered anything about the time we dated he would know what I meant.

"Where is your car? Were you trying to have your dilemma?" The bing on my phone went off once again.

"No, not at all. I would like to make it go away. Im near the back next to a tree," was my reply.

"I'll find you," He the line read.

I arched my back as a serious wave hit. Now I would have to open the door. I reached out and my hand just barely grasp the clicker I had placed beside me.

I squirmed my way over to the drivers side of the car and pulled that seat up still in a laying position. then the hard part. With one hand still clamped on, I sat in the seat. Luckly not loosing anything. Now that I had gotten a control it felt a lot easier to hold on, but I had still lost a lot. If I did it again there may be no stopping. And the urge was still immense.

At this point I had the other seat pulled up. I got on the side in the back behind the passengers seat. I let my hand out carefully and strategically as I crossed my legs.

Moments later the door opened followed by his deep voice, "thank you."

"no problem I," am about to pee my pants, I almost said as a wave hit that I had to use my hand to control, " What happened?"

"Oh, my sister and I came in the same car. and she was inside but then they came out. and she wanted to be 'alone' with her boyfriend."

"Ahh," I nodded in understandment, that had been us at this time last year.

My brain screamed , you are about to pee your pants. I could tell no amount of force from the seat, my legs, or my hand would be enough to stop this pee soon enough.

"Are you alright?" He asked a second later.

"Im good, " I said a little sharply.

"Oh well you didn't answer my question. I wanted to know if you wanted to get out of here?"

Well thats because my bladder is being a little demanding, but instead I said, "I would love to. and can we go somewhere with a bathroom?"

"yea," He let out, kind of adverting the topic. I don't think it really bothered him to talk about, but since we had only occasionally spoke in the last 3 months it was probably a little awkward.

It was black everywhere so we couldn't see each other. I used my good hand to feel for his shoulder as I brushed the keys to him. He took them.

"Wait are you drunk?" I asked.

"No, I had a little but not that much. And its been a few hours. But if you want to drive..."

My bladder yelled at me agian and I almost whimpered in reply to the pressure building on my urethera, "No, I think you will be less distracted then me. Lets just go somewhere close."

I had a few close calls with him, leaked a little, but this was different than that. This was something I had never let anyone witness before.

As the muscles spasmed every other few seconds my bladder was unprotected as they refused to hold. It was a matter of concentration, a mind game.

My brain would not stop telling me to go, to let go, and let it all flow out, it would take no effort, the nice pent of fuild could all just slide out, slide out like niagara falls, like the streaming of facet water.

THIS was not helping. a small stream escaped for a couple seconds just barely enlarging the spot.

"mmm," I let out biting my lip and willing it to stop.

"What?" He asked, we had been in comfortable silence. probably about 5 minutes before the nearest store.

"Nothing," I dismissed him, but then realized he wasn't finished.

"...into town, or stop up here at the nearest store?"

At this point everything was a little muffled but i think he was asking about what store to stop at, "Whatevers closest."

I didn't really want to admit, but I was already in the process of basically peeing my pants. i wasn't even sure a conveinent store would be open at 5:30 but at this point I would just go pee behind one.

"Your being awful quiet," He tried to fill in the silence.

Pee was slowly forcing its way out no matter what I did. Just a few drops but stilll. Oh yea, I have to talk, "Sorry, just uhhh," I trailed off not sure where to go.

"I didn't think talking between us was so awkward is all."

"Oh, oh," I said partly talking to him, and somewhat because I could not seem to completely get this under control. I really needed my hand inside, but with him in here....," It's just you see, uh, the, uh, dilemma is being VERY problematic."

With shorts being so short, it was very easy to slip my hand inside I found. Although it didn't feel great, it helped a little.

"Thats what this is about? Well how bad could it be?"

I remained silent, "Kat?"

"Well," I began feeling liek I had been caught red handed at doing something bad, even though I was just trying to not pee.

He briefly turned his head back to look, and I'm sure saw this ridgid creature with pretzeled legs that made their area seem like the king was the amount of attention they were giving it. He didn't let any noise out, but made an O with his mouth that I could hardly make out.

"I think the only awkward thing between us is how dangerously close to peeing my pants like a kindergardener I really am." I let out feeling almost ashamed and very embarassed for the first time the whole car ride.

He let out a cross between a scoff and laugh, "I think that may have been the least awkward thing that had been said the whole car ride."

Then I looked up and saw the open store just seconds away and was practicaly bouncing in my seat. I dashed inside, not even exchanging words with him and praying there wasn't a wet patch anywhere to noticeable. It still wasn't really daylight, just barely sunrise.

And although I didn't fully let go in my car, this was still very memorable. After I got out I said I wanted something to drink and went back in with my bag where I changed shorts. Then we had a very nice hour drive and caught up.

