Actual accident (didn't intend to)

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-02-08 17:28

So anyone who follows my account by now knows that I like wetting and have done it since I was young but I rarely get chances to experience an accident that wasn't my fault for holding too long or just being a bad judge of my holding abilities. Just real quick this is less of a desperation wetting and was just an accident anyyyways here we go.

So me and my friends like to hang out sometimes and get really REALLY high. And the other night wasn't irregular in anyway but we planned on getting monged out of our minds XD. I always get a really bad cotton mouth when I get stoned to I always drink a lot of water. we ended up really high quite quickly and we where just listening to music and chatting and having a laugh for a while when I reached for my bottle and realized it was all empty so my friend let me have a bit of her water. I ended up drinking the rest of it and I don't really know how much time passed after that but I remember moving position and suddenly realizing how much I needed to pee.

There was a joint being passed round however so I stayed and smoked it with the group. Now we smoke in this tunnel near my friends house and when one of us needs to go to the toilet we just go to the other end of the tunnel as its normally really dark. I got up and walked over to the end of the tunnel but had left my phone in my bag so I didn't have any source of light. It was also pretty fucking cold on this particular night so I was wearing pajama pants underneath my jeans to keep extra warm (along with like 5 layers on my upper half).

Anyway I was in the dark and very VERY high so being a little bit desperate to pee I naturally pulled my jeans down and crouched down and started peeing. I didn't realize for a couple seconds of full force peeing that I had forgotten to pull down not only my pants but my pajama bottoms as well. I remember feeling the relief of peeing and then feeling the warmth spreading all the way through my underwear and then going down my legs. I only realized that I had fucked up when I heard that familiar hissing sound coming from my pants.

I must've made a noise in shock when I found out what I was doing because my friend called out to me if I was okay. I reacted very slowly when pulling down my pajama pants and underwear and for some reason it didn't cross my mind to try and stop the flow. I ended up peeing the rest on the ground but my panties and pajama bottoms where drenched. The good news however was my jeans had been spared the most part so I ditched the wet clothes and put just my jeans on. (it was too cold to be naked from the waist down XD) I waddled over with my bunched up underwear and bottoms to the group and put them in my bag.

We all had a laugh about it the next day and I may have thought about it since when I'm alone :p It was a pretty great experience and I still like going over and over the moment of realization in my mind where I was just crouched outside casually wetting myself and peeing through my clothes XD

*002*2021-02-08 18:07

{{26 minutes ago, N4r4cs said:

Wow:) Didnt you think in the dark that finish the rest of your bladder in your panties and pajama with jeans on ?

}}

Unfortunately not haha, it was cold and I didn’t want to get my jeans wet as I would of had to leave earlier

*004*2021-02-08 18:36

{{11 minutes ago, pwpj said:

Love this story! Do you often put off going when around friends etc? I know some people who are the same, get very desperate as they don't want to break away from a group etc.

}}

Quite a lot to be honest XD it’s normally the reason I rush off sometimes to go pee or when I have to wait I end up dancing to hold it. It’s just for some reason when I’m with other people I end up just not going until I’m really desperate and I’ve had some close calls before and once actuslly starting pissing in my jeans waiting for someone to get out of the bathroom at a party. I’ll tell that story more full when I have time though haha

*006*2021-02-08 18:53

{{14 minutes ago, pwpj said:

Haha! Have you had a few damp knickers moments when you've just made it then?

Often see people in groups in the park in summer and lots of weeing in bushes happens I know...

}}

Oh more then enough! too many times have I leaked in my kickers haha

*009*2021-02-22 14:17

{{On 2/14/2021 at 12:54 AM, The Dark Wolf said:

Sounds like it was enjoyable despite being unintended. I found your story enjoyable too.

Also sounds like your friends knew you wet yourself but doesn't sound like it was really embarrassing if you laughed about it with them. Do they know of your love for wetting, and have they seen you have an accident before?

}}

They know i have a bit of a problem sometimes holding it in XD but they don't know about the fact that i love omorashi :p

