Journey to nearly wetting

Author: IHTPP

*000*2021-09-19 05:37

So today I had the closest experience to actually wetting myself. I have an extremely strong bladder, so much so that I think it’s impossible for me to actually soak myself accidentally. I got super close though today and here is the story.

So I got to work at around 1, at this point I had only peed when I woke up. I have a very large water bottle I’m constantly drinking from all day and I had a work thing to go to. By the time I had left I had drank half of my water bottle and felt an urge to relieve myself but skipped it due to a customer interaction taking too long and is beginning to be late to the event.

We got lunch before hand where I drank 3 glasses of water, was again going to make my way to the bathroom but again we were running late so I had to hold onto it. By the time we got there 40 minutes later I needed to let loose as would begin to cause me some serious discomfort if I had put it off, plus I drank nearly the rest of my water bottle.

Problem is our booth was at the other side of the event from the ports potties, so I had to again hold off until I had a break. 3 hours passed of me interacting with potential buyers and by now my bladder was swollen, I had to go so freaking bad but I had to act normal plus I had on khaki shorts. I finally broke off to stumble to the restrooms. 15 minutes later I walked up to see of course, someone had ran their truck into the ports potties and it was shut off. I was so close to wandering off and whipping it out somewhere but I couldn’t sue to me being in work uniform and having many people around every corner.

I had nearly 2.5-3 liters of water trying to bust out, given I had sweat a bit I knew I was busting at the seams. I bit my lip and went back to my booth. I achingly moved passed the next hour until we wrapped up, every second began to feel like minutes and I was shifting my weight constantly.

I was told we had to go back to the store to drop off the stuff. A 30 minute drive. I got into my car thankfully having driven separately searching desperately for a bottle, but I had cleaned my car out earlier. Next plan was to whip it out next to my car. but everyone at the festival was leaving. I was so full I felt pregnant. You could easily see my bladder bulge through my shirt. I drove for about 15 minutes before I felt the first leak, and then the second. It was getting harder to prevent it so I had to figure something out. That’s when an absolutely wave of desperation hit me and the only thing now keeping it in was my bear claw wrapping around my cock.

I didn’t know what to do it was dark though and I pulled off into a rather empty parking lot, jumped out still holding on and starting to try undoing my belt with one hand, the pressure now trying to bust down the door. I ungripped and my stream erupted as I as quick as I could unzipped to get it out. I unfortunately did have a noticeable wet spot as it was so forceful and I peed for nearly 3 minutes right next to my car.

*003*2021-09-20 01:05

{{18 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Amazing description of your desperation!! What was different today, that you couldn’t keep holding??

}}

I’m not sure what went wrong, for some reason at various times my bladder will fill unexpectedly faster than normal and I don’t know why. Plus I had mostly only water and had been standing straight up for an extended period of time than I’m used to

