Snow day

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2019-02-18 20:31

It’s snowing out today. All day long. The kind of snow that’s light and slowly accumulates over the course of the entire day to a few inches.

I have off from work today so I decided to go take a walk out in it in the reservoirs that are out behind where I live.

I was planning on being alone all day, so naturally, I had to take advantage of this time and make it interesting. So over the course of the morning, I went about my day, doing chores, cleaning, catching up on a few things, and of course drinking plenty of water. I went several times, whenever I had any urge whatsoever. As the morning went on, and my fluid intake increased, I noticed I was starting to go about every hour or so.

Around noon, I was just starting to feel the need again and decided now was my time. I threw on a pair of older, and not particularly flattering, but warmer undies. Over that went a pair of gym shorts, then a pair of flannel pajamas, then finally a pair of sweat pants. I know some of you are thinking that’s overkill, but it’s rather cold out, and I also wanted to challenge myself as much as possible.

Just as I could start to feel the beginnings of my bladder filling, I set off outside, into the snow, and away from civilization. It was truly beautiful outside. I’ve always loved the snow.

However, today, something happened that I wasn’t expecting. Within probably five or ten minutes of setting off, my need to go not only diminished, but all but completely dissapeared. I’m not sure if the cold, the amount of layers I had on, the fact that was walking. I don’t know. But I know I didn’t need to go anymore. In fact, I’m not sure I could have even if I felt the need. It felt like my whole nethers just sort of gave up.

Perplexed, I gave a gentle push over my bladder, and sure enough, it was reasonably full and just starting to bulge a bit. But I didn’t feel any need or desire to let it out. I only felt a dull pressure in my lower abdomen.

Shrugging it off and figuring the need would come flooding back to me at some point, I continued on my walk, enjoying the views and the fresh air.

A half hour passed by, then an hour. At the hour and a half mark, I was starting to a little tired, and also intrigued. I still had no need to go. I reached down and gave another squeeze and sure enough, I was quite reasonably full and my bladder was starting to bulge out against my sweat pants.

At this point, I looked out into the woods before me, contemplating my situation, I had a bit of a laugh to myself as I saw nothing other than a port - o - John. Just sitting there all alone surrounded by trees. $$

I always have to laugh when I see something like this, out in the middle of absolutely nowhere. Who put it there? Why? It’s just interesting to me.

There wasn’t a chance I was going to use it. I would literally go right next to it before going in there. Not that it mattered in this case. I STILL didn’t feel any need to go.

At this point, I was expecting to be absolutely bursting, grabbing at myself, trying to figure out where I could go that was hidden enough that anybody walking by couldn’t see me, but open enough, I could shimmy out of enough layers, and expose myself enough that I wouldn’t accidentally wet anything. At this temperature, this far from home, it’s better to just rip your pants off and let loose before setting yourself, no matter how bad you have to go. It’ll freeze on you and that’s a cause of hypothermia. No thank you.

Having circled back and maybe 45 minutes from home, I was looking at some scenery for a picture when I looked down, and had another laugh to myself.

$$

At least something / someone found their relief. Lucky them.

As I got home, I had to loosen the draw string on my sweatpants as my bladder was rubbing uncomfortably on them, causing the dull pressure feeling on my lower abdomen to become more of an aching pressure.

I finally got inside and started shedding layers. Back to my natural state, I gawked at myself in the mirror at how full I looked. My bladder was HUGE! More impressive, I STILL didn’t feel any desire. I just felt stretched out with some pressure.

Having had some fun, I sat down on the toilet and relaxed and... nothing happened. Not a single drop escaped, nor did I start to feel any need. I snapped a few pics for personal admiration / future comparison that are rather revealing and shall NOT end up on here, sorry, and gave a few more attempts to maybe squeeze something out.

I gave up and started to watch a movie to get my mind off my need / lack thereof. Of course I also cracked open a bottle of wine as it was starting to get later in the day and I was just trying to relax some. Sure enough, about 20 minutes into the movie, and half a glass into the wine, I started to feel the need. FINALLY!! I was so excited to have to pee! Now to see how far I could push it.

The answer was, not very. My need went from, oh, I think I could go, to oh crap, I think I might have just leaked on my couch in I kid you not, like 5 minutes.

I had to literally push two fingers straight up against my urethra and not walk, not run, but flat out sprint to the bathroom and threw myself on the toilet, erupting from between my fingers. It. Was. Bliss.

I went for so long, longer than I’ve probably ever gone before. It just kept pouring out of me. I could barely focus.

Not how I expected things to turn out, given that I was planning on having to sneakily go at least once out in the bogs, but I’ll take it. Now, however, I’m making a bit of a dash to the toilet again every half hour, but it’s totally worth it.

It’s supposed to snow again later this week, on another day I have off from work. Guess who’s going to test this occurance again

