Drunk Girlfriend

Author: Averylynn

*000*2015-07-03 08:03

So yesterday was Canada day, so I was hanging out with two of my best friends, their boyfrieds, and my girlfriend. We had been walking around downtown for about an hour until the fireworks were about to start and my girlfriend, lets call her Nat, leaned over to me.

"I have to pee really bad I'm going to go find a washroom, will you come with me there are a lot of people."

Just then the first firework went off, and there was no way I was missing these so I said "After the fireworks we'll go." and Nat agreed.

See, the problem was though, the busses dont wai for people to pee and there was no way we were all staying downtown for another hour, so we practically ran to the bus to catch it on time. The bus was really full, so I sat on Nat's lap (and I may or may not have wiggled against her bladder a few times) anyways we managed to get to our friend's house so Nat could use the bathroom without problems.

So we went to a store to get water and snacks, then we headed to a park that was closer to my house since we couldn't drink at any of our houses without fear of waking someone.

We were a the park for maybe four hours and Nat had 6 shots of vodka, two palm bays, and half of my gaterade since we got to the park. Not to mention a large slurpie she drank downtown, and three large pops before she met up with me. So by the time we were leaving the park Nat was desprite. I told her to pee in the park but she told me she could make it to my house, about a ten minute walk away. Problem was, she was drunk as fuck and I was high, and my brother, who was also with us was both. so the comute home ended up taking us almost an hour.

Shortly after she left the park Nat said "I want to pee under that big tree." but I shooed her away since it was on somenes property.

I will admit there were a lot more places for her to pee, before she finally gave up, but I was really horny and figured and that I might end up seeing her wet herself.

A few minutes after we passed the tree she started walking towards a stop sign "I'm going to pee, you keep walking."

So I continued walking (although a lot slower) and a second after she got over there she was saying something about not being able to get up, so I walked back. She was sitting on the ground, her ass hanging out while she peed (most of it coming out of her tights) and she was touching herself. Usually that would be the hottest thing ever, especially since I had told her about being into omorashi a few days prior, but she was drunk and I wanted sex so I helper her up. Luckily it was four am, and she was wearing skin tight black leggings and she didn't smell like pee so by the time we finally got to my house and got into bed it was impossible to notice, although all in all it was pretty hot to watch.

