Holding to my goal and ready to burst

Author: Supersoak

*000*2022-06-13 18:46

So this wasn't intended by opportunity arrose. I drank an energy drink and about 2 bottles of water since I got up around 9:30 and started to feel that satisfying full feeling. Decided to have some fun.

I put on blue khakis pants with a thick towel wrapped around my crotch like a diaper. (I like the feeling of feeling hot pee build around me and the naughtyness of wetting pants so best of both worlds)

I ordered skip the dishes since my small breakfast was long gone and decided that i would try to hold out at least until it got here. By that time i could feel the need increasing exponetially so wouldn't be so easy. To make it harder I shaved and had the water running It was so hard to stand still with my legs spread apart. A few times I had to stop and grab my crotch to regain my composure. A couple times I dribbled a bit which only made my need to go even stronger. My bladder has a noticable bulge and i can't help but fidget my legs. I can feel the pressure pushing down begging for sweet relief with the noticable twinge at the tip of my penis. I am proud to say that after 30 minutes skip arrived and i made my goal. Now what?

I am excited, my heart is beating hard, i know eventually I am going to release a flood of hot pee in my pants but not quite yet.

Anyone have ideas that arent public? So far im thinking finding a spot to pee like a dog or maybe do a peeing pants quiz or see how far i can go eating lunch but i should definetly get something to protect the couch if I do.

*002*2022-06-13 19:27

@lovetohold

It really is!! The great part is it stays warm so much longer.

Well i sat on the couch and started eating and about half way through I bent over to grab the sandwich and the my waitband pushed on my bladder, at first a couple spurts came out but then i could feel like i was about to just go so i shot up and grabbed my critch and was able to stop it, luckily no damage to the couch lol. I still need to go but im drinking a bottle of gatorade so it wont be long until im bursting again. I can feel the warm wetness in my crotch and it is such a tease haha.

My back step is hidden, but i have to go through the utility room my neighors in the buildinguse for storage but very rare. I can see out to the road if i go up the stairs (it goes from groubd level into the basement).. maybe ill do that...

Sometimes, to have the pee go over my stomach while peeing my pants i will go in the bathub on my back and lift my back and legs against the wall and just let it all flood down my chest and shoulders. Sooo good. I will plug the drain to and then sit in the puddle and have some fun

*004*2022-07-31 13:34

It went amazing!! by the time I was done gaming at the end of the night my jeans were soaked the towel was dripping wet, some pee got on the carpet off from the chair. I must have wet 6 times or more.

The back step was the first spot and didn't have any leak to the ground because the towel was so thick haha

