First time holding... wetting

Author: roxykkling

*000*2015-08-11 05:00

I'm writing this in real time. as it's happening. I apologise for typos. this is also my first post here.

Background, I moved with my husband from fl to Ohio. And we are currently staying with my inlaws till we close on our house and move in on the 20th. Todays only the 10th. I started being really turned on by female wetting when I was pregnant. Just stumbled upon a pic and for some reason got so turned on. My son is 15 months now and I still love it. My husband knows, he's not into and won't try with me. But he will watch me wet my pants so maybe he's too afraid to admit it?

11:16p. I've been holding for about two hrs now. I pleasured myself at 10 to videos and of course after orgasming I had to go. But decided to hold it. My in laws are going upstairs to bed and my husband is at work till 3a. I'm wearing boy shorts panties and lack yoga pants and a white tank top. Currently sitting outside on the picnic table rocking back and forth.I'm snapchatting with an old flame I've kept in contact with for 10 yrs.since we dated in highschool. He's all for trying this with me and currently keeping me holding on. I would've given in long ago and just gone to the bathroom.

11:22. I'm bouncing my legs. I keep debating on given up but old flame, lets call him Ryan, told me not to wuss out. I'm so wet from being turned on. And the bouncing of my legs is causing my breasts to bounce. I wanna get up and pace, its not as bad if in standing but I don't want someone to come down and wonder why I'm pacing. my brother in law is still awake. I keep clenching my vagina muscles. everything just involuntarily pushed slightly and made me jump.

11:28 another involuntary push I thot I was gonna have a leak. Really had to tense my legs close together to stop. I have one leg bent underneath the other and bouncing the bent one fast. I'm sitting inside now on the recliner. But gonna walk back outside and smoke a ciggerette and try to distract myself. husband wanted me to wait till we were at our new house to do this. But I couldn't. worked out well he had to stay at work late or he'd already be headed home.

1134. Back at the picnic table. Sitting up tall and have my legs squeezed tight ankles crossed foot shaking.I keep stretching my legs trying to change the pressure on my bladder.I wanna let a leak out for some fun but I'm afraid if I do I won't stop.

1140: back inside sitting on the couch. keep having involuntary pushes. No leaks. But my clit is pulsing.

1148: watched a few of my favorite videos. To purposely make myself worse. ;) I think before I lose control ill change into a pair very short yoga shorts. So there's less wet fabric to come inside(I plan to be beisde the house in the dark out side. By the time I completely lose it)

Midnight: spent all of two minutes touching myself before I orgasmed. im already even more desperate. I can feel its just ready to come out. I put my shorts on and slipped my pants over top until the last minute to keep from getting bit up by the mosquitos outside.I'm sitting on the picnic table again rocking. I really wanna give in but I wanna see far I can make it.

1211: not comfortable standing anymore. really can't tell if I'm leaking or just wet from being turned on. Gave up entirely on being outside. Just way too many bugs. Tried to play a game on my phone to distract but my body kept pushing causing me to squeeze my legs together as tight as I could. I'm gonna try to make it to 1am. my body keeps pushing down on its own. I may not make it.

1226: I'm not Prading around in the bathrrom. Keep stopping to squeeze my legs closed or jam a hand againdt my self.i let a tiny little leak out and now its even worse. my body is pushing out a very tiny bit teeny bit every step I take.

1229. Anothef leak. Almost didn't stop this one. It ran down my legs before my shorts could soak it up

1239. I came back outside in my shorts cause I knew t was a matter of minutes before I lost it after the last leak. So I'm standing in the grass and kicked my flip flops off. swaying back and forth i let it go slowly. Almost unable to stop. It comes out in a torrent and runs down my legs. After three times of stopping I let it go and feel it around my feet. almost orgasmic I lean forward willing it to come out faster. I choose to stop and finish on the bathroom floor so I don't track it thru the house.

*004*2015-08-13 00:42

Thanks guys. I plan to write another once we are at our new home :)

