Filled my bladder to the brim (with video)

Author: toolateagain

*000*2018-01-15 00:43

I have this friend I occasionally chat about peeing and stuff, but more in a fooling around way than in a sexual way. At least I never wrote her about all this peeing stories being part of a fetish I have – and neither did she admit anything similar.

This video goes back to a day I came home from some kind of social gathering I enjoyed. It was quite late, probably around 11 pm or so and I possibly had a beer or two (probably a few more than that, though) and even though I used the toilet before I left, the 45 minute ride home plus 45 minute walk home. The shared flat I live in is quite secluded from the rest of the town, so there are no more busses going at night, so it's either walking or taking a taxi and since I am not Bill Gates, I so often cannot efford taking a taxi.

There are possibly a few spots one can pee without getting noticed along the way, but I felt naughty and when the urge to pee hit in, I held it in and wanted to see how far I could take it. I messaged my friend and told her I needed to pee and there was no place to go (it's easy to lie through WhatsApp, isn't it?). She replied something like "I hope you make it" and to be honest: I did not feel to bad – yet. Probably a 6/10. However, that changed throughout the way and of course I came closer to my home; and you all know what that means: Suddenly, when I entered the door, it was at "barely controlable anymore". I walked up the stairs to my shared flat and what did I see? The lovely red dot at the bathroom door, indicating someone locked it.

I like my flatmates and there is hardly anything I couldn't talk with them about, but what I would never ever even consider doing is knocking the door and asking how much more time they need. Just cannot do that. So without further hesitating I went straight to my room and after a few minutes, the urge was controllable again. I even felt less desperate sitting at my desk than when I was on my walk home. I still told my friend I now had to wait for the bathroom to become unoccupied again and said I was about to maybe wet myself (which wasn't much of a shocker to her, since she knows about me wetting myself in one or two other occasions and vice versa) and she didn't seem too concerned and asked me to keep her updated.

Oh, as a side note: I normally would not let her know that I am about to burst. As much as we like to exchange stories sometimes, those always are stories that took place in the past. Probably then we can be like "Oh damn, I was so stupid back then, right?".

Suddenly it occured to me: It was years ago, I actually lost control. Most of the times, at some point, I just let go. I wanted to have that feeling again: Having such a full bladder, it relieves itself without me being able to do anything against it. And that night would be the perfect opportunity, to do just that, as I was already quite full – and I could even let my friend know I wet myself in real time. Looking back at it, probably the alcohol made me be so revealing towards her at that moment. However, what I did next was: opening a beer. I drank the bottle really fast. In like one minute or so.

Then I opened the next bottle and drank it as well and when I opened the third bottle and sipped a few times, I suddenly felt really, really desperate. I tried to distract myself through watching stupid videos on YouTube, but after a few minutes already, I felt a small drop escape. By that time of course, the bathroom was free again, but I wanted to take this one further, so I found excuses towards my friend and told her, my flatmate was taking a bath and stuff. She even suggested me to pee in a bottle, but I told her there were no empty bottles around (which except for those two too small empty beer bottles was actually true).

It was then, it hit me: A real leak. And another one. And another one. That immediately left a wet spot on my jeans. You can see it in the beginning of the video I attached. I decided to film it (for my own joy) and when I started to record, it wasn't too long until I felt like losing the battle. I could have peed just there, on my chair, but actually I love my carpet and so I didn't want to do just that. So as soon as the dam broke, I stood up and walked away from said carpet, peeing all the way, threw a blanked on the ground and stood on it, completely emptying my bladder for what felt like ages (but according to the video was just "only" one minute twenty). Needless to say the relief was amazing. My heart was beating so fast.

When I camled down a bit, I wrote my friend that there had been no way but peeing my pants and that I had to do laundry now, late at night. She asked my "How bad was it?" and I just replied "Very bad. They are drenched." and then we went back to the usual fooling around like "Oh well, maybe some day you will learn to use the toilet in time." and stuff. I didn't mind, I enjoyed it either way. And the video of my accident from the moment a few seconds before I stood up from my chair, you can see attached. Would be great to hear your oppinion on it! (I am sorry it isn't in FullHD, though. I must have lost the original file.)

Cheers!

Filled_my_bladder_to_the_brim

