Forced to Hold It - A New Experience

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-07-16 06:54

@icewolf came over to play today. Of course, I prepped myself well with lots of water, a diuretic, and coffee, so I already had to pee when he got to my place; I'm still pissing every ten minutes. I also had my bed prepped, with a mattress protector and throwaway sheet. I was wearing a pull-up, too, because he'd hinted he wanted me to. We stripped and changed, I was wearing just my Goodnites and a white wifebeater, and he was wearing black basketball shorts and boxers, light blue ones that show wet really well.

Anyway, I really wanted to pee, but he wouldn't let me. He said I had to hold it until I started to leak uncontrollably. No one ever told me that before! But, I went along with it, even though I've never considered myself to be into getting desperate. For a little while, I was cool. Then, I couldn't sit anymore, too much pressure on my bladder, very uncomfortable. I finally just curled up with him on the bed and begged him to distract me from my desperation.

Not only did I need to pee, I wanted to pee; I'm not used to holding it, especially in a situation like that, snuggled with a fellow pee lover on a protected bed. So we made out and he made me keep my hands away from my crotch when he caught me holding myself, even threatening to go get the handcuffs from his car. He pressed down on my bladder over and over, and I couldn't help but cry out, both the pressure, and the pleasure were very intense. I begged him to let me pee several times, I wasn't used to holding so long, and I was beginning to shake and sweat from the effort.

Finally, he pulled me on top of him, and I begged him again to let me pee. Of course he smiled and said no, and began rubbing my bladder again. I was helpless, and I leaked, just a little. I told him, and he said good", and kept poking at my bladder. I was struggling to hold the rest, but alas, I just couldn't. I had no control over my bladder anymore. I held him tight and apologized as the dam burst. I tried to stop it, but all I could do was slow it, a little, my poor body wanted the pee out.

He rubbed my pull up as it got hot and heavy, and since I'd peed so much, it leaked, and he got wet, too. I could feel his hard on even though my swollen pull up, so of course I had to grind on him once I was able to stop peeing, my bladder still probably a third full. I got off his lap to inspect the damage I'd done, he showed me his boxers, and it looked like he'd pissed himself, too, only he hadn't, the stain was in the wrong area, but there were a couple stains of another kind in the right area, wink wink.

Lots more happened after that, lots and lots, but it's late. Just wanted to share that experience, since it was a first for me, being forced to hold it until I was having a real accident. Gotta say, I really enjoyed it. I don't think I'll push myself to those limits alone, but I'd definitely let him do it again. If you want to read more about how I spent my Friday night, give me a "Hell Yeah", haha.

Oh, I made a vid of when I put on a different pair of his boxers (the ones we wrote about in another thread) and wet them, it's in the uploads section here. Enjoy if you haven't already.

*003*2016-07-16 14:47

{{5 hours ago, Macca said:

Hell yeah

}}

Here's part two:

Of course, I wanted ALL the piss out of my bladder. I was still wearing the swollen Goodnites, but because I'd been leaning forward when I had an accident in them, the back was relatively dry. Time to change that! I laid down on my back, and he pressed on my bladder again and told me I could go. So, I did. I oversaturated my pull-up, and left a puddle in the bed. We began kissing again, him on top of me, and before long, I began to feel more hot wetness on the outside of my pull-up, my tummy, and my leg. I reached down to touch, cute guy was peeing his boxers and basketball shorts and adding to our bed puddle. He didn't pee very much, held on to the rest. I asked him to take off his shorts, so I could see the pretty stains on his boxers, yum.

Because of the amount of fluid I'd ingested, it wasn't long before I wanted to pee again, and produced the boxers he'd left last time, and recorded that somewhat cruddy vid (sorry it wasn't better, folks, but it was the middle of the night, and I've only got so many lamps).

Next I wanted to do my favorite thing, drink him as he wet his boxers. If you want to hear that story, give me another "hell yeah". Warning, it's a little explicit.

*006*2016-07-16 21:36

{{37 minutes ago, peeboy2341 said:

Hell yeah

}}

Alrighty then! Fair warning: this contains oral sex involving pee.

I wanted to drink him while he pissed through his boxers, and let it run all over my naked body, so he stood on my bed and I knelt down before him and wrapped my mouth around his thingy through his boxers, and he started peeing. He has a huge bladder...I love guys with huge bladders because they can pee a lot at once, but unfortunately it takes them a long time to fill. I let him fill my mouth again and again, sometimes drinking, sometimes spitting it back at him playfully, and rubbing it all over my chest. When he was finally done, I gave him a little head, so he was nice and clean, among other things, but he put himself back in the wet boxers, haha. The puddle was very deep around his feet and my knees. Very sexy. He took the boxers off, and laid down in the puddle. Of course, I had to pee again, so I stood over him and let loose all over his goods before settling down in the puddle with him. Yes, this does continue, so "Hell yeah" if you want more.

*008*2016-07-17 03:27

{{3 hours ago, alexwbj said:

Hell, yeah :)

}}

Another hell yeah? Guess I gotta continue on, then. Keeps getting "worse" (explicit), fair warning.

I sat down between his legs facing him, our butts and sex parts deep in the puddle. I couldn't help but hump him and grind on him in the puddle, it felt so good, being so slick with piss and love nectar down there, blending into the perfect lube, rubbing myself against him. I laid back a little, and pissed a few hard sprays of piss right on his hard on, and humped some more. I couldn't handle it any more, I had to feel him inside me. He gently pushed me back into the puddle, and did me missionary-style, which I do enjoy the closeness of, even if I don't have the same freedom of movement as I do on top ;)

But, I could lock my legs around him so he couldn't get away. Sex in a puddle is so amazing... I wished he could pee inside me, either during or afterwards, but he didn't have to...yet. My hair got all drippy from being in the puddle, one of my favorite things ever. The rest of the story is just clean up, with one more instance of pissing, but if you want to hear that, you know..."Hell yeah." Tribute to Stone Cold, lol.

*010*2016-07-17 16:10

{{4 hours ago, moiamigo said:

HELL YEAH!!

}}

You asked for it... This is the end of the story:

Cutie broke the news to me that he had to get up early. I felt guilty about that, since it was already pretty late, so I began the cleanup process. The mattress cover held up well, not a drop got into the bed. He asked for a washcloth, so he could clean up a little. I don't usually allow guys to do that before they leave, but I even offered him my shower. I got him a towel and a washcloth, and he asked if I was going to come in, too. I decided I would, just to rinse off my hair so it wouldn't snarl up once it dried. I got another towel for myself, and joined him under the warm spray.

We held each other close, something about that post piss play shared shower rinse off always makes romantic feelings arise somewhere inside me. Suddenly, he pulled away and looked down, he was peeing again, all over my tummy and pussy, triggered by the warm water. That, of course, made me go, too, and he took down the shower head to spray me between, and down, my legs to rinse me off. We toweled off, he put on fresh boxers and a cute outfit I would've loved to see him soak, but alas, wasn't going to happen. I put on my Yoshi t-shirt and pj bottoms and walked him out to his car. Kissed him goodbye, spent all of the next day doing laundry, and that's where this story ends. Hope you enjoyed!

