A Little Girl Made Me Have an Accident

Author: Meowth

*000*2018-07-07 08:27

So I recently posted a couple stories about times I almost—or kinda did—piss myself as a teen. For those interesting, here is the camp experience $$, and here is the band experience $$. Now, unfortunately, I don't have too many more stories that involve that same sort of clutch, last minute making it, at least none that I can remember. However, I do have a few other unique events that have happened in my life, and this is one of my fondest.

This one happened around the same time as the other two, though maybe a year or so earlier. This was probably my first experience with peeing in my clothes with the exception of a few 'experimental' things when I was younger and minor leaks right after pissing, and likely my first time in years actually losing control of my bladder. A truly humbling experience lol.

Back in the day I used to live in a trailer park. Picture Beverly Hills, but marginally shittier. I was still too young to know how shitty, though, so it really wasn't all that bad. Also living in that park was a little girl several years younger than me—maybe 8 or so? In any case, she was young enough to annoy me, but not so young that I could always get out of hanging out with her.

I wouldn't have minded so much if she hadn't tormented me the way she did lol. The worst thing by far, though, was her always trying to peep on me, specifically when I went to the bathroom. Like I said, I lived in a trailer park, and it wasn't fancy there. The doors were all very thin and cheap and sometimes the knobs broke off, and not everybody there could afford to fix them (or they fixed them themselves to... varying levels of success lol).

I didn't know how to get her to stop, and none of the adults would help me, so pitifully enough I would actually hold my piss sometimes because I didn't want to be hanging out with her when I peed. One day I did this until I had to go quite bad. Piss wasn't dribbling down my legs or anything, but I was worried that if I got jostled or pushed the wrong way some could maybe come out—or a lot could maybe come out.

The last thing I wanted in the world was a repeat of my very embarrassing accident at five, and I really didn't want to pee my pants in front of a girl several years younger than me. So I excused myself, told her not to follow me, and rushed off to the toilet. I went into the bathroom, positioned the towel that was used to block the open door-knob hole (I did say varying degrees of success), and hurried to the toilet. I pulled my thing out and aimed, but didn't piss yet. It felt like it was about to burst out, but I could hear her. Like I said, it was a trailer, I heard her steps when she approached the bathroom door.

Sure enough I saw the towel beginning to move. I put my thing away and did a quick dance before she managed to get it to fall, revealing myself to her. I told her to go away and repositioned the towel again. I waited for a few moments. I asked her if she was still there. There was no response, but again, trailer, I never heard her walk away.

I eventually got fed up with barely keeping my pee in while prancing around like an excited fawn and decided this was getting absurd. What was I? A five year old? She seemed to be unwilling to move without at least getting to hear me, and while that made me very uncomfortable, it was better than going to a different trailer to find my mom and tell her in front of her friends (most of which were males) that I couldn't handle this 8 year girl and that I really had to piss and that if she didn't do something fast I was gonna piss my pants. There wasn't time for all of that anyway. I was like, 11, had a full bladder, and was standing in front of a toilet. Walking back out of the bathroom was not an option.

I had to go.

So figured 'fine, let her hear me.' I rushed back toward the toilet, pulled my thing out, and within two seconds I was pissing hard and fast and nearly moaning with relief, but only a few seconds into it, I heard something by the door.

The towel was moving again.

I gasped and looked down at my exposed member. I looked at the towel, back at my member, and then back at the towel again, which in just a few, short, very relieving seconds, had been nearly jostled free.

So I did the only thing I could do. I quickly stopped my stream and put my thing back in my pants. I'd never done that before, so in my mind the stream would just stop, no problem. Well it wasn't that simple. I was overwhelmed with a painful sensation I'd never felt before, with this sudden, immediate, overwhelming pressure. I'd made a mistake, and if I didn't quickly correct that mistake, it was going to fix itself right on the tile floor.

I pulled my thing back out and immediately started to spray a high-powered jet of piss into the bowl. And then the towel, the only thing protecting me from the eyes of an 8 year old girl, dropped to the floor.

In my panic, I stopped my stream a second time. I had to. Was I supposed to let her see my dick? Absolutely not. But this time the pain was even worse. I pulled my pants up over my penis to hide it from view, which worked great, she couldn't see a thing— but what didn't work great was the stream stopping part. Somehow, I did manage to make it stop, but within a couple seconds the pressure was just too great. It was an unfathomable thought for me at the time, it was not only the most impossible scenario, but one of my most dreaded. But, all that aside, it was unavoidable. It was happening.

I was wetting my pants.

I looked down in shock. I grabbed myself through my pants and tried to pinch my member closed, but the piss wasn't just dribbling out. I'd exploded. It was shooting out with force, and no matter of pinching could stop that for longer than an instant.

I don't know what the material was, but my favorite pants back in those days were very comfy, but also very... crinkly? They sounded a bit like a soft aluminum foil being crushed into a ball. Kinda like a diaper, actually! Though, I quickly found out they didn't absorb like a diaper lol....

In retrospect, I'm not really sure why I had no underwear on, but I had to have been going commando, because the piss shot against the pants, soaking the front thigh area of one side in an instant. The wet fabric and overflowing piss twinkled in the light, hitting the pants so hard I could hear it.

I actually heard piss hiss against the material of my pants.

So I panicked again. My penis wasn't responding to me at all; the piss wasn't going to stop flowing at any point before pure catastrophe. I knew in an instant that it was either in my pants or in the toilet and let myself be seen. My brain chose the later. I pulled my cock out and flung the bursting trail of piss into the toilet.

I looked over at her and found she'd already ran away, and I thanked God for it. To this day I'm not sure if I'd have gotten too embarrassed if she'd continued to watch and had tried to put my thing away, only to lose control a third time and flood the floor. But she was gone now, and I could pee in peace—in relative peace.

But of course, the damage was already done. The door-knob hole was open, so I was constantly looking back at it to make sure she wasn't peeking again. There was no way I could stop my stream again after all that to plug it back up, even with my bladder half emptied now. If I even tried to stop it I'd probably just slow the stream down for a moment, only for it to burst out even worse a moment later. I was locked in.

I wasn't sure how much she knew. She probably suspected something, but she was 8. She'd seen me look down, seen me grab myself, had probably waited around long enough to see me whip out my already pissing cock, but... well, she might not have realized. At least not known the full extent of my... accident. And while I did deny it as a kid, looking back I think it is fair to call that an accident, at least of sorts. In any case, she never brought it up, and I refused to hangout with her for some time after that, much to her dismay.

I was too embarrassed to tell anyone about my wet pants, and changing would have brought up questions, so I just kinda... kept them on lol. I could feel a big wet spot on the side of my leg whenever I took a step, like, a big one, probably the size of a couple softballs, but the pants were black. They only looked wet in direct light, and once they dried a bit, they didn't really shimmer much anymore. I went back to playing and did whatever I could to get them to dry—which was really just buy time. But yeah, that's all I remember!

Hope you all enjoyed it more than I did....

