Car Troubles

Author: MeerkatGuy

*000*2011-08-26 00:54

It was a hot summers day, I was on vacation in Florida. I'd woken up a few minutes earlier yet had already grabbed a 2 litre bottle of 7UP and had begun to indulge in American TV. 30 minutes later, and I'd gone through a full 2 litre bottle of 7UP, as well as starting another bottle in sheer naivety for my age.

"Come on son, we're off for a day in Miami", my Dad called.

Me and my sister got in the car and began our drive, departing from Naples on the West Coast of Florida, heading for Miami on the East Coast.. driving through the Everglades, occupied by a single barren road.

Ten minutes into the journey and we were on the seemingly never ending stretch of road piercing through the Everglades. I stared out the window, watching endless tree upon tree fly past the window when I felt a gurgle emit from my stomach. It was at that point that worry struck me, It began to dawn on me as to the mistake I had made. As we travelled down this large stretch of empty road, it had just come to my attention that all the while my stomach was pumping litre upon litre of liquid into my ever filling bladder.

I sat there, looking out the window and hoping as hard I could that the effects would hold off. But it was in vein, not 5 minutes from this thought, my bladder started to get my attention.

"Dad I need the bathroom"

"Sorry, there's nothing down here for the next 70 miles. You'll have to hold it."

I emitted a simple "Okay", but in my mind, I was screaming at myself. "SEVENTY MILES?! I'M NEVER GOING TO MAKE IT!!"

I could feel my bladder filling by the second, my stomach almost seeming to buldge. I shifted around, trying to find a position that made my labouring task of denying my bladder release somewhat easier.

50 miles to go, I was already at a point of desperation of which I'd never reached. My bladder absolutely screaming for release, simply begging at my subconscious to release its contents, I could do nothing but sympathetically clench myself, my hands firmly clenched to my crotch, my legs squashed together, my teeth biting my lips. I just prayed that my bladder would not become vengeful, impatient at my ignoring of its requests of relief, I prayed it would not take matters into its own hands. I tried to distract myself, but nothing could distract me from the crippling desire to release.

30 miles to go, my eyes watered at the sheer desperation I felt. My member was as stiff as possible which was making matters excruciating. I dare not touch myself, nor let go of my grip I had against my crotch for fear of releasing, yet at the same time, the erect state of my member had drawn back my foreskin. My head tented my pants fully exposed, every time I so much as slightly moved, the teasingly frayed fabric of my boxers tickled itself over my head, forcing me to groan in distress as I forced myself with all myself to not let the abrasive touch of my boxers be excuse for me to lose my concentration.

10 miles to go, I could see the signs nearing. I knew relief was close, but the pressure was at absolute breaking point. My member felt like an un-opened but shaken bottle of Pepsi, pressured to the touch, an inch away from destruction. The abrasive touch of my tickly boxers began to become too much. I dug a hand gently into my pants, grabbing my member firmly, making sure I didn't use light touches, and dragged it to be flat against my tummy. Although much to my miscalculation, as I pulled it towards myself, my exposed, tender head grazed against my boxers, forcing me to emit another groan as I edged the closest yet to losing control, a spurt of pee escaping, dampening my boxers slightly. This somewhat helped my situation, as the boxers tickled fair less against my member.

Then the car pulled up, we were here. I could see the toilet inside the filling station. I rushed to get off my seatbelt and unhatched the door. I took a step outside, feeling my bladder slosh from the sheer critical amount of liquid it was containing. I limped towards the toilet, crouched over, my hands firmly planted against my crotch. It hurt to walk, but I knew the end was near. I opened the toilet door, walking fast but not running, I took my hands off my crotch to unzip my jeans.

I rushed as fast as I could to release the zip, the moment I released my hands from my crotch the relief had started, the pressure my hands had been offering being the last defence from the sheer excruciating pressure behind my stiffened member, I dragged down my dampened pants and aimed my member at the urinal, the rate of the relief being staggering, the pee splashing violently back from the wall of the urinal as I let out a loud sigh of relief, I felt my bladder deflate, standing there peeing for almost a minute.

I finished my relief, visited the cubical to remove my boxers and returned to the car, feeling somewhat accomplished. My journey of agonising desire and pain providing the ultimate accomplishment in the end.

Meeple ~

*002*2011-08-27 22:18

{{ 

....wow. This story is so good!

Every single detail in your story is fantastic, and gave me the best visuals ever... *blushes*

What an accomplishment, holding it that long! I'd love to hear your description of an intentional wetting! Post more!

}}

Awww, thank you for you kind words! ^^ hehe ~

I may post some more, will have to see >:3

