Desperate DnD

Author: Ell19

*000*2020-09-12 21:06

Recently my boyfriend convinced me to take part in a one night dnd campaign for the first time and let's just say, I didn't realise how long they go on! I'd been drinking a lot that evening because I just tend to drink lots and right before we started, my boyfriend made me a cup of tea.

It was online except me and my boyfriend sat together in our living room and he was the dm while I was being pretty clueless (he reassured me that the dm's clueless girlfriend is a time honoured participant) and about half an hour in i realised I had to pee quite badly. I turned my mic off and whispered to him that, thanks to his tea provision, I had to pee already, and he just laughed and carried on. I'm not sure if he hadn't quite heard what I'd said or if he thought I was joking, so I decided to hang on until a better time to ask for a break.

An hour later I was properly desperate, shifting in my chair to find a more comfortable position but there never seemed to be a good time to duck out and I was sure I could hold on until we finished. Besides, it's not like I don't like to hold it.

Another hour and I was squirming more continuously, bladder feeling taut and no comfortable positions.

I remained convinced it would end soon and the intensity of my desperation stayed pretty constant so I held on like this for 3 more hours until I found myself trembling with the effort of holding back and hardly daring to move. I finally managed to speak up, making everyone laugh by replying "I'd like to stab the big guy and also go to the loo" when my boyfriend asked me what I wanted to do.

As I bent forwards so my feet would reach the floor (I'm not short but the armchair was very big) I compressed my bladder painfully and a leak came out. Little dribbles continued to dampen my knickers as I hurried up the stairs, and when I finally got to the toilet, my knickers were pretty wet and the first contraction of my bladder hurt because it was so over filled. The relief was incredible but I didn't have much time to savour it as I had to wash my hands and hurry back, damp knickers and all.

*002*2020-09-14 00:23

{{On 9/13/2020 at 12:07 AM, Apertado said:

Now the important question: what race/class were you playing?

Great experience, too bad you couldn't take your time and enjoy the relief

}}

A rogue gnome who did lots of stabbing because, according to my boyfriend, "I don't think you're ready for magic just yet"

