Discovered my 1800ml bladder

Author: Daredare205

*000*2021-01-12 19:41

Hello all,

I've decided to spend today talking about omo bc I'm just in that mood today for some reason. I've already wet once and had hold ruined by having to do a #2, so I'm starting over. Anyway, that's not what this story is about, that's just my day so far.

I'm male, 23, 5'10" and weigh about 185lbs. I have brown hair parted on the left and swished across my bangs. I have blue eyes and wear black plastic glasses with blue highlights on the edges of the frames. On the day described in this story, I was wearing a black JayzTwoCents cotton T-shirt which fits me loosely and the sleeves are wider than my arms and don't reach my elbows (I love this type of shirt). I was also wearing a pair of red plaid lounging pants with pockets on the sides and not on the back. They did not have a zipper. The crotch was cut, of course, but only had a button at the top. Meaning that you could, in theory, whip it out without undoing these pants. I was not wearing any underpants. I also wear red wristbands that have my heart conditions written on them, just in case. The hospital said it was a good idea to always wear these, in case anything would happen.

A few days back, I was on the omo-org Discord server and discovered the #chat-omorashi channel. I decided that since I was already there and was in a holding mood, I'd go ahead and go for it. I started drinking 2 cups every half hour until I was completely desperate. About an hour in, I decided that peeing in a measuring cup would be too messy... I wasn't sure if I could repeatedly stop every time I filled the damn thing up. So I decided to drink the rest of the almond milk since there wasn't much left, and I took the empty 2 quart container up to my bedroom.

Starting from the beginning, I was on the Discord server and decided to start a hold. I already described the amount I was drinking, quite a lot. Now keep in mind that it had been weeks since I had done a hold, so my bladder had plenty of time to rest and get ready for another hold.

It wasn't until I was about 2 hours in that I first felt my need, which was really mild. I didn't even feel like paying attention to it tbh. I just went ahead and ignored it while playing Rocket League. I went ahead and kept up my drinking for another hour before I started to have to go quite a bit. At this point, I was using the game as a genuine distraction from me need. I went ahead and did that for another few matches until I was continually frustrated with the game as my attention was on my bladder. I couldn't not pay attention to it at this point. It was bulging out to the point that my lounging PJs (which I never tie bc I'm lazy) were actually starting to bother me, despite being so loose around my waist. I decided to start a conversation back up in the Discord to try to take my mind off my need. This also only worked for a few minutes. Despite already being incredibly full, my need was still increasing. I was getting squirmy and couldn't take my mind off of it.

At this point, I was about 3.5 hours into my hold and had drank close to 3 liters. I was actually doing 2 cups every 30 minutes instead of of 500ml every 30 minutes. My hands were moving down near my crotch any time I didn't have my full attention somewhere else. I was antsy and squirmy, and to the point that it was close to necessary to stay bent forwards. I went ahead and removed the cap from my jug at this point. I wasn't gonna use it yet, but I did have to go quite a lot and didn't want to wet myself while fumbling with the jug. I also undid the button on my pants at this point.

While undoing my pants, I pulled my shirt up and got a look at my bladder bulging out like a party balloon. I should have taken a picture. I was so full it wasn't even funny.

Fast forward a few minutes and I was getting frantic. I had to stand up as there was no comfortable positions left while sitting. I was bent forward with one hand on my crotch and on Discord on the other. I was still using Discord to distract myself from my need, although it really wasn't working anymore. At this point, it was just motivation to not wet my pants. I started to lose a few small spurts which took everything I had to stop. I ended up with a wet spot the size of a tennis ball on my pants. I reported this in the Discord server and people started commenting on the length and amount of my hold, congratulating me on how long I've lasted. I went ahead and put everything I had into holding out as long as I could, which was only about another 5 minutes.

I was dancing in place for the 5 minutes leading up to this moment. I knew I was at my limit about 10 minutes ago and I was getting spasms and grabbing myself all over the place. I kept trying new positions to hold myself and nothing was working. I decided to use my jug at that point bc I knew that I wouldn't get an accurate measurement if I had already started wetting before I got the jug in place.

I grabbed my jug and lined up to go. I frantically pulled my dick out and took aim. This was very difficult. I was literally squeezing my dick shut after I peed about 1/2 second worth on the side of the jug while attempting to get my dick out of my pants.

At this point, I just let go. It was LOUD. I thought someone would hear it and come check on me, but nobody did. I went for over a minute at full force and filled it most of the way. I then started quietly checking hallways and snuck into the bathroom with my jug and measuring cup. I emptied it into my 2 cup measuring cup, dumped the cup into the toilet and repeated until the jug was empty. I then went on Google and converted just over 7 1/2 cups (rounded to 7.6 in Google) to milliliters. Turns out that was a 1.8L hold. I knew I had quite a bulge but didn't realize I had such capacity.

It was a huge turn on. Naturally, I went back to my bedroom and jerked off for awhile. It was a really hot day for me!

*003*2021-01-14 18:47

Thanks for all the support! I'm new to actually posting stories to this site, so it's really nice to have positive comments and upvotes on my first few stories!

*006*2021-01-15 21:02

I will, next time I do a full hold. I'll need to wait about a week to have the strength to get all the way up to 1.8L again. If I try in just a day or two, I end up losing it before I'm anywhere near the amount in the story. Like barely 1.4-1.5L usually.

*009*2021-01-18 23:47

{{On 1/16/2021 at 4:10 AM, BladderLad said:

A video of you releasing that amount would be really hot as well

}}

{{On 1/16/2021 at 1:30 PM, neodreamwaters said:

I second that notion!

}}

I have this video here from about a week ago. I ended up starting to wet myself in my room, so I went in one of the containers I keep around for funzies. It was so worth it. The relief combined with the naughtiness of knowing that the rest of my family is home and any one of them could come check on me while peeing in the container was amazing.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/236tQaTd29c?feature=oembed"

*012*2021-01-25 00:07

{{8 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Holding and peeing out 1.8L at one time puts you in an exceptional category. Yes, we have a few others here who also qualify, but for the general public that's an amazing amount!

}}

Thanks so much! I really appreciate all the positive feedback I'm getting! I actually didn't start intentionally holding until about 2 years ago, and have had a large bladder for as long as I can remember. I get people asking me if I'm drinking enough. making sure I'm hydrated, bc I rarely actually use the restroom. Unless I'm doing rapid drinking for an intentional hold, I can usually comfortably hold it until I need to make my next #2.

