Peeing on the side of the highway

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-04-06 10:15

I responded to a topic in omo general about peeing outside, and summarized three stories of mine. The original poster asked for those stories in detail from start to finish, so I figured they belonged here.

Here's the original topic:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/75878-couldnt-make-it-peeing-outside/?do=embed&comment=1966409&embedComment=1966409&embedDo=findComment#comment-1966409"

Now on to the first story!

This happened in summer of 2019. (god, that feels like an eternity ago) My mom and I always take a beach trip at least once a year, except for the past two summers because of corona. It's only a 4 hour drive so usually it's just a day trip. Drive there in the morning, have a beach day, drive home in the evening. But that year my mom had just gotten a much more high paying job, and I had one too, so we could afford to get a pet sitter for our animals, and an Airbnb for a few days.

We had packed up the car the night before, and given the pet sitter our spare key, so we just had to get dressed and go the next morning. Unfortunately both of us slept past our alarms by several hours, and we had to rush out the door to make it to our Airbnb in time for check in. Now, I usually get up and immediately take a very long piss, but I had always wanted to try holding it on a long car ride. I skipped the toilet, and decided to see if I could hold my morning pee the full 4 hour drive to the Airbnb.

I took a nap in the passenger seat for the first hour of the trip, and woke up with an intense pressure in my bladder. I already had to pee suuuper bad, and there were three more hours left to go! My mom and I spent the time casually chatting and listening to music, while I slowly sipped on a water bottle. I didn't really want to, because I wanted to make it to the Airbnb, but it was July in the southern US, so it was close to 100°f (37.8°c) and I had to drink water to keep cool.

About halfway there, there's a rest stop I've always called 'the shake stop' because they have a machine that lets you make your own milkshakes. This is where my fate was sealed. We stopped there like we always did, with me discreetly squeezing my thighs together. My mom went to the bathroom, while I just went about making myself a delicious extra large Oreo milkshake. She got a Gatorade and we left.

Now the Oreo milkshakes this machine makes, are absolutely delicious. You ever had an Oreo that's been in milk for the exact, perfect amount of time for the perfect taste and texture? These milkshakes taste like exactly that, in liquid form. So without even thinking about my bulging full bladder, I drank the whole thing so quickly I came dangerously close to a brain freeze. 18 ounces of milk and ice cream, down the hatch.

I realized my mistake about 30 minutes later. My bladder jumped from a 7/10 to a 9/10 with an hour and a half left to the Airbnb. There was no way I could possibly make it. And we were on a looooooong stretch of the interstate completely surounded by trees, and no rest stops for miles. I was fidgeting in my seat, and trying to subtlely hold my crotch until we could get to a rest stop where I could pee. I didn't want to say anything, but after another 20 minutes I felt a leak and had to clench as tight as I could to keep it in.

"Hey mom... I um... I need to use the bathroom."

"Really? Why didn't you go at the shake stop?"

"I didn't have to go then. How far is the next exit?"

"It's gonna be another 40 minutes."

"40 minutes!? Mom, I'm not gonna make it that long! I have to pee really bad!"

"Well I'm sorry, but you're gonna have to hold it."

I did as best I could, but my dam was starting to break, and that pee was coming out, and I had no way to stop it. I kept springing leaks, and at this point I was holding my crotch with both hands and rocking back and forth hard in my seat. I was whining and groaning, and my face was flushed red with embarrassment. I was also really trying to hide how turned on I was from the feeling.

15 minutes after I told my mom I needed to pee, I felt a strong stream start escape, and I cried out as I felt it soak through my panties into my shorts. I had to put all my focus into cutting it off, but I knew I couldn't keep it up for much longer.

"Pull over. Mom, pull over right now. I need to pee right now!"

"Honey I can't just-"

"Do you want me to pee on this car seat!? Because I am seconds from an accident!"

That seemed to get the message across, and she pulled over to the hide of the road, where thankfully there was a patch of grass. I started to unbuckle my seatbelt and open the door. The second I took my hands off my crotch, the pee started flowing again. I got out of the car as quickly as I could, slammed the door because I was to embarrassed and horny to let my mom watch me pee. I yanked my already wet shorts and panties down, squatted in the grass, and opened the floodgates.

I let out a heavy relaxed sigh as piss poured out of me in a strong high pressure stream with a loud hiss. My bladder spasmed as it emptied itself. It felt like I peed for a solid minute before the stream slowly came to a stop. I involuntarily moaned like I was having my g-spot played with at the sheer relief of it. It felt so gooooood! Honestly, if my mother wasn't in the car, I would have masturbated right there out in the open. This was one of my biggest fantasies, my pussy exposed to the world while soaking wet with piss, and arousal. But alas, I didn't have that option.

I pulled up my panties and shorts which were definitely wet, and already starting to cool. I opened the car door, and my mom had laid a towel down on the seat. I don't know if that was just for my wet shorts, or if I'd gotten some pee on the seat. I got back in, and neither of us said a word the rest of the drive.

As soon as we got to the Airbnb, I immediately hopped into a shower to clean up. I didn't get to live out my exhibitionist fantasies on the side of the road, but lucky for me, the shower had a window in it. It had some sticky stuff over the front that was supposed to give it a frosted glass effect, but it was almost completely worn away. And even though I had just peed an hour ago, something about being in water always makes humans need to pee.

So I did get to finger fuck myself while looking out on a beautiful ocean view, giving some beach-goers a nice look at my g-cup knockers, and letting out even more piss as I got close to cumming. Oh boy, that was a fantastic orgasm.

And that's the end of that story. I have two more public peeing stories coming up that I promised in that original topic, and I did have another public peeing incident on this same beach trip, so I might post that. Hope you enjoyed!

*002*2022-04-08 05:50

{{14 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

This is so hot! I'm sorry that happened in front of your mom, but the exhibitionism is so sexy

}}

It was super sexy! I had almost this exact senerio happen with my boyfriend a couple months ago, except that time I didn't get my shorts off. Lucky for me, he had to pee too. That ended with me getting some dick on the side of the road.

*005*2022-04-09 10:03

{{17 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

Oooh! Feel free to go into detail on that story!

}}

You sure? It would read pretty much exactly the same as this one.

