I was so embarrassed

Author: dampknickers

*000*2018-02-24 01:35

I was like 16 years old and traveling 3 hours with mom by car to pick up moms sister who was going to be staying with us for a few weeks. She was having some major work done on her home. Traffic was heavy and I desperately needed to pee, we both did. Once we got to the rest area I darted to the bathrooms only to find it locked. I tried to make it behind a tree, but fell short of my goal and peed my pants. We were only about 20 minutes from my aunts place by now and only being a three hour trip had no change of clothes. Mom was somewhat sympathetic of the situation and I was crying because of the impending predicament of my aunt seeing me in wet pants. We get to my aunt Sue's place and mom having explained the situation Aunt Sue gives me a pair of her jeans and athletic shorts to wear on the ride back to our place. I was so embarrassed and so was Mom I think. Embarrassed that her 16 year old son peed his pants and needed to wear his aunts jeans because I peed my pants like a baby.

*004*2018-02-24 14:18

{{7 hours ago, CountryGirl said:

Why were you crying at 16? Kinda old to be crying over something like wetting yourself.

}}

I think looking back, it was the fact that I had no change of clothes and realizing that my aunt was going to see that I wet my pants.

*006*2018-02-24 14:37

{{7 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

That sucks. Sorry to hear that it happened to you.

I had a friend who had a very small bladder, but I don’t think he has any stories like that.

}}

It was a long time ago. Embarrassing at the time, but not so bad looking back at it now.

*007*2018-02-24 16:10

{{1 hour ago, dampknickers said:

It was a long time ago. Embarrassing at the time, but not so bad looking back at it now.

}}

I didn't help any that I had to wear my aunts jeans on the trip home !

*009*2018-02-24 18:17

{{9 minutes ago, CountryGirl said:

I’m sorry if I offended you, I meant no harm

}}

You didn't offend me. Its just an embarrassing memory from my childhood and at one time or another I think everyone has something they felt embarrassed about at the time. Its all good.

