First Hold My Partner Did

Author: IHTPP

*000*2020-11-21 04:29

When we began dating, it took me about 2 months to build up enough courage to have him hold for me. He held like normal and recorded a few videos and sent them to me, and eventually he began to be into it. One morning, I told him to hold onto his morning piss when he woke up. He messaged me and agreed, but told me he didn't pee before bed and the last time he had went was after he got off work at 7.

"I'm already kinda full, but I won't go until you let me. Do you want to come over for the day." Fast forward to when I got there, he was only in a white T-shirt and his backup briefs, which were whitie tighties. He was sitting there drinking his morning tea. Wee messed around for hours after, him drinking loads of liquids all while holding in a bladder full of piss.

I had to leave to get home and do something, plus i was tired. So i left him but told him to keep holding. He was very desperate, but he agreed to continue holding until I let him. I watched him holding himself as I walked out. The next hour I kept getting texts letting me know how bad it was, that he really was bursting and he couldn't stand up straight anymore, but i told him to keep holding. At this point he hadn't peed in nearly 18 hours, thee large amounts of liquid I made him drink, I knew he was so full. I did what I had to do at home, and gradually fell asleep. I woke up 2 1/2 hours later... and my phone was filled with his notifications.

"Hey babe I really need to go, is it ok??"

10 minutes after

"Are you there I need to go, my bladder is really full."

30 minutes after

"Please please can I pee!"

Then it grew silent. 30 minutes after I get another

"I'm so beyond my busting point please can I go, i'm trying so hard to keep it in, can i pee!"

An entire hour passes, and I get a quick recording of him holding himself in his his underwear telling me its really really bad and if he could go, he looked absolutely bursting..

"i'm on my way over, hold it in!"

I get in my car and get another.

"I'm literally about to piss everywhere, hurry!" He said.

I drove quickly aand 15 minutes later, I walk in to him doubled over and cross legged. "can i... please... let me go!" He said. I brought him to the shower and immediately his stream busted spraying the tub, and a moan exploded from him. He pissed forever.

*003*2020-11-21 19:54

{{9 hours ago, Secret2020 said:

Thanks for sharing this story, love it! Amazing that he held it that long while being so full already. Did he leak? Dit he have to take his penis out of his underwear in the bathroom or was he already naked at this point? Did you get to see his bladder bulge?

}}

He definitely was already leaking by the time I made it there. And he was already full on peeing walking the restroom, he ripped his undies down and it went everywhere

