Wetting outside

Author: Catsuit123

*000*2017-02-02 20:36

I have fanatsised for a long time of getting myself to a point where I cannot hold it in and yesterday I finally went through with it.

I had a really good Pee at lunchtime then put on a black lycra catsuit and cream tee shirt over. I then put on my work clothes back on. For rest of day I kept drinking knowing that to go to toilet would mean major undressing or wet my catsuit. I was ready to go to pee by time I was leaving and so walked uncomfortably to car. As soon as in car I opened ice cold 1ltr bottle of apple juice, had a good swig then stripped down to just T shirt and catsuit and put on my ballet flats.

I had planned a route home in satnav of about an hour, through various housing estates and busy roads, but at almost any point I would be able to pull over, park and walk away from car. It was lightly raining so paths were wet and it was dark, but everywhere I was to be driving was street lit.

I was beginning to get to point where I thought I would wet myself so, pulled over after about 10 mins and just gulped down the last of apple juice then drove on, I was beyond a point I had ever gone before where it was becoming painful to hold in, being a bit of a pain fan I continued driving getting a bit of an adrenaline rush from the feeling. I then got to a point where holding in was agony and had to pull over. I was so nervous getting out of car as were a few people around and lots of cars driving along road.

I stepped out of car and standing up removed a small amount of the pain but trying to hold in was still agony. I pulled down tee shirt and started to walk, within a few steps my bladder could take no more and for first time I was involuntarily wetting myself, the lack of control and the feeling of warm pee just soaking my catsuit and tee shirt and relief from the discomfort of trying to hold it in was one of the most amazing sensations I have felt for a long time. I was just walking along and letting it flow. feeling it squish in my shoes as it ran down my legs channeled by catsuit. I walked back to car, I had some old towels in boot, I put them on seat and just got back in and started to drive.

It was an amazing experience, even the driving afterwards, I didn't want to take off clothes or shoes, feeling the squelch everytime I pressed pedals and wet catsuit really clinging to skin was really erotic and I was getting aroused from it.

