It Started at the Vending Machines

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2014-10-15 06:45

This anecdote could work as a standalone, but for context, this is a follow-up of an experience I shared last Thursday (I suggest you read it here

).

So, I haven't been working on my actual fiction stories and for that I apologize. I've been bogged down by midterms and I've been busy trying to focus on school, but I just couldn't stand not to share what happened today.

So today was one of the most incredible days I think I've ever had.

Actually, incredible doesn't even begin to describe it.

Impossible might be closer, but that would imply this didn't happen, and it certainly very much did.

Even as I type this, the incredible surge of emotions and just sheer ecstasy I'm experiencing can't be put into words.

In fact, I would go as far as to say that today has got to be the luckiest day of my entire life. Period.

Now, despite some encouragement from my last post to "expect a sequel" and "pursue a coffee date with the brown-haired girl", I honestly had no reason to do either of these things. It's not that I didn't find the brown-haired girl attractive, and it's not like I didn't want to see her once again in the middle of a desperate situation, but we never really talked before and her desperation was the result of circumstance. Furthermore, pursuing a conversation with her would've been awkward in normal circumstances, but what was I going to say at this point? "Hey, I'm Railgun, we met in the elevator last week while you were trying not to wet yourself. I didn't catch your name."

(My name's not actually Railgun, obviously. I'm using that as a placeholder.)

Yeah, that would go over well.

Long story short, I was expecting today to be a normal Tuesday.

So, today, I wind up arriving at the campus a little early, so with twenty minutes to kill before my first class and a bit of money to spend, I decide to stop by the school's vending machines.

It was this decision that would set the tone for the entire day to follow.

Our community college has a small break-room with vending machines, a microwave, and a table where students can pop in and out to heat up food and grab something to eat or drink. Even before I entered the room, my eyes widened.

Standing there in a red hoodie and grey jeans, with her back towards me as she considered what she wanted from one of the vending machines inside, was the brown-haired girl from last week.

With all the smooth composure of a cat being held above a bathtub, I made my way into the room and the brown-haired girl turned around.

I could tell she recognized me instantly, because her face turned three shades of red before she turned back around and stared ever-so-intently at the patterns on the vending machine in front of her.

When presented with such a situation, the best thing to do is act casual, like nothing had ever happened. They have nothing to feel embarrassed about if you pretend like it was no big deal, right.

"Morning," I replied nonchalantly. At least, that's what I had intended. Just a calm, normal greeting.

"Um... it's afternoon..."

See, despite the fact that I had woken up not too long ago, gotten into the shower, eaten a bagel for breakfast, and had just arrived on campus, she was correct.

My classes start in the afternoon. "Morning" is the entirely wrong time.

Any composure I did have packed its bags and left right then.

"Ah, right, yeah, it is the afternoon," I paused to slap my forehead gently with the palm of my hand, "My bad."

This was silly.

I was embarrassed for having made a simple mistake, when I was expecting her not to be embarrassed about her situation in the elevator.

However, I was fortunate, for this mistake had seemed to ease her previous embarrassment.

In fact, she was giggling at my display.

Either that, or she was laughing at what an utter moron I had been five seconds ago.

For my own sake, I'd like to think it was the former.

I was going to let that be the end of the conversation. Not even an exchanging of names, let alone any sort of flirting or suggestions of a coffee date.

But of course, she had to turn to the coffee vending machine in the corner of the room.

The stuff that came out of that vending machine was definitely, absolutely not coffee. It was an insult to anyone who even drank coffee in moderation, and pretty much a giant middle finger to anyone who'd call themselves a barista.

In short. It absolutely sucked.

"I can't help but notice you're eyeing that vending machine over there," I broke the silence once again, "Now, I'm not going to tell you not to get coffee, but word of advice, it's absolutely terrible."

"Oh, well, thanks for the warning then. I was actually thinking about trying the tea instead, but if it's a coffee vendor and it can't even get coffee right... "

In the end, she settled on a bottle of iced tea from one of the more reputable vending machines.

After our exchange in the break room, we exchanged names and had a small conversation about various things (mostly school-related) on our way to class. Chagami-chan1 (as I will now be referring to her in lieu of her real name) turned out to be a very pleasant person to talk with. Meanwhile, she was taking frequent swigs from the bottle she had just obtained. By the time we walked across the courtyard, she had pretty much finished it.

Upon arriving at class, I instantly noticed that my friend was once again absent today. Taking my normal seat in the classroom, I expected that this would be the end of my conversation with Chagami-chan. Maybe I'd meet on the way out and bid farewell or something, but there wasn't a reason to expect what would come next.

"Can I sit here?"

Chagami-chan pointed to the vacant seat next to me and smiled playfully.

What.

No, seriously, what?

I always imagined myself as the kind of person that only people who knew well would be interested in romantically. I'm a huge science and anime nerd with an somewhat introverted personality. I never considered myself significantly more attractive or appealing than the average person, and I'd never once been successful "picking up" a girl. The only relationships in my life have been with people I've known as friends for a while before actually dating them.

In other words, an attractive girl who I had seen nearly wet herself just last week and had technically just got to know earlier this morning asking if she wanted to sit next to me in class with a playful smile on her face was not something that happened outside the realms of fiction.

But here she was, and that is exactly what was happening.

"Sure," I replied.

She sat down and we essentially picked up our conversation from earlier until class started.

As our professor began going over what we'd be doing today, out of the corner of my eye I caught Chagami-chan fidgeting ever so slightly next to me.

I absolutely refused to believe that she was fidgeting because she had to pee again.

That already happened last week. Not even last week, just last Thursday she had been through this. There was no way she wouldn't be overly eager to avoid such a situation.

I absolutely couldn't look at her.

She was sitting right next to me. Certainly if she hadn't noticed me last Thursday then certainly today she'd notice me if I glanced over at her.

Her fidgeting was intermittent, but it was frequent enough that I had to keep telling myself that I was imagining things. Last time I hadn't even believed she was desperate until I saw the very clear evidence of a bulging bladder when she twisted in her chair.

"Hmm..."

It was the faintest of moans.

I was dreaming. I absolutely had to be.

I looked down at the paper on my desk.

A good way to tell of you're dreaming or not is to read something. Stop signs and other iconic street signs you see every day aren't a good indication, but anything that you probably won't have seen enough times to memorize subconsciously works well.

See, our dreams are good at replicating environments, but they're absolutely terrible at consistency when it comes to written words. Often times you'll read something and the page will be complete nonsense. A collection of disconnected words that don't mean anything together. Even if they somehow do make sense, if you look away and come back, the words will be completely different.

The words were exactly what I expected to be there, and when I turned away and looked back, they were there once more.

This was actually happening.

Still not wanting to jump to hasty conclusions (and also because I was curious) I looked over at her with a concerned face and asked, "What's wrong?"

She blushed, "It's nothing..."

That was all I needed.

This was happening again.

Chagami-chan was desperate to pee in class again.

Despite knowing this, I continued listening to the lecture like normal. I was trying not to look at the girl next to me, who wasn't at the point of holding herself, but was squirming quite regularly at this point, and resting her left hand on her knees while taking notes with her right.

Can you tell how bad I of a job I was doing at not looking at her?

Then Chagami-chan wiggled around a little before crossing her legs on the seat.

I couldn't help it. Almost instinctively I found myself peeking over at Chagami-chan.

She was also looking in my direction, and for an instant, we locked eyes.

I turned to look back up at the professor as I felt blood rush into my cheeks. I was being silly. Sure, I was looking at her, but she kept squirming around. Anyone would glance at their neighbor if they were in my position. My actions could easily be written off as curiosity, not some perverse desire to watch Chagami-chan squirming around in the middle of class.

But had she noticed me last week? Had I accidentally let the enjoyment of that situation appear on my face?

And now I was blushing. I damn well didn't want to blush. That would only give it away further. But I could feel the blood in my cheeks as I tried to pay attention to the lecture.

"I have to... go..."

Chagami-chan had leaned over a bit and whispered these words to me.

I couldn't tell if she was trying to explain her actions or if she had an ulterior motive to saying these words, but when I looked over, she was looking down and averting her gaze.

"Huh?" I asked.

I didn't need her to repeat it.

I had heard her perfectly fine.

The fact of the matter was, I wanted her to say it again. So pretending like I didn't hear her, I had muttered "Huh?" like I was confused.

She squirmed around a bit more and she looked back up at me, "I said, I have to go."

There was no way I could push my luck and pretend like I didn't know what she meant by "go". Such things only worked in anime and manga.

"Then go. It's not like we're covering anything that important right now. If you want, I'll lend you my notes later."

I didn't want her to go to the bathroom just yet. I didn't want her to go and come back empty and relieved, but it's not like I had any control over the situation.

"N-no, that's fine. I can hold it..."

Then why'd you tell me in the first place?

As she squirmed in her chair, my internal psychological war raged on. What purpose would she have, sharing? There wasn't any I could think of.

Then it hit me.

Like a brick wall, it hit me and I felt my heart stop for an instant.

Could it be, she enjoys holding her pee in?

It was just a thought, just a simple explanation provided by my overly optimistic mind. I had already been in a relationship where my girlfriend at the time had shared that fetish. My mind was just hoping for this to be the case. It was just trying to project it's desires onto a girl who just happened to be in two desperate situations in consecutive classes. An unlikely coincidence, surely, but one I was more willing to accept at face value.

She might just have a regular bladder. She normally goes every day before class, but last week the bathrooms were closed and this week she was talking to me. Correlation doesn't always imply causation. There's multiple factors involved here.

Satisfied that I had tamed such a ridiculous notion before I could get my hopes up, I merely sat back and enjoyed the rest of the show. At least, as much as I could without being any more glaringly obvious than I already had been.

By the end of the period, Chagami-chan had resorted to holding herself under the table. She was wriggling around, her left hand firmly planted between her thighs as she shook them up and down. Last week I had been unable to see her face from where I was sitting, but today she was squeezing her eyes closed and biting her lip as she tried to hold it until the end of class.

Finally the teacher dismissed us and I watched Chagami-chan stand up as quickly as her full bladder would allow her. We had both taken the foresight to pack up just before we were dismissed; her reasons were, most likely, very different reasons than I had.

I found it surprising when, once we had left the classroom and stepped out into the hall, that instead of dashing to the bathroom, she had fell into step beside me.

"Oh man!" she spoke in a somewhat hushed tone, "I really gotta go..."

As we neared the bathrooms, I asked, "Ah, did you want me to wait for you or-"

She shook her head, "Ah, actually, I was going to use the ones in the library."

What.

What.

WHAT?

Relief was right in front of her, and she was already desperate enough to grab herself.

Why would she turn those bathrooms down?

They weren't out of order. I had seen someone else step into the bathroom not seconds before.

She likes holding in her pee.

No. Nope. No way. Not going there. I'm not going to make rash assumptions about Chagami-chan. Even with the "evidence" for it, there were still other logical explanations.

Still, who was I to question her. If it meant she'd hold it longer, why would I argue against it?

We didn't say much on our way to the library.

Once we arrived, I expected her to use the bathrooms on the first floor. That was sensible enough, right? She was bound to be way more desperate now that we had walked down the hall and across the courtyard. But even as she wriggled around and held herself, she didn't make for the iconic woman's bathroom sign right away.

Instead, she turned to me, "L... let's take the elevator again."

Again.

She said "again" like she had already drawn the parallels from this situation to the one from last Thursday.

No. More like she was deliberately replicating the situation from last week.

Just what the hell was going on?

She likes holding in her pee.

It was getting harder and harder to explain away her actions. I didn't want to jump to conclusions or get my hopes up, but if it wasn't that, why else was she even doing this?

We got into the elevator and she pressed the button to the second floor jamming her other hand between her crotch as well and wriggling around.

"Ohh, I hope I can make it."

Her actions were driving me crazy in more ways than one. What the kind of psychological warfare was this? What was she trying to accomplish?

Finally, I asked her directly.

"Why didn't you go down at the first floor?"

She smiled playfully, meeting my gaze as she hopped from foot to foot.

"Because, isn't this more interesting?"

I could feel blood rush to my cheeks again. My heart began racing and my eyes widened.

"W-what?"

She wriggled around in front of me, but she had a teasing look on her face.

"Don't play dumb. You were watching me squirm all class."

I was caught red-handed.

"A-ah, sorry..."

"Actually, last week you liked it too, right?"

I couldn't say anything to that. She had really noticed this whole time.

"You've been doing a pretty good job trying to hide your little friend there too."

She was right. Her actions had gotten me rock hard. There was only so much I could do to try to hide my arousal.

"It's fine," she paused as she doubled over. She inched forwards and I could feel her breath on my ear as she whispered, "I like it too."

As the elevator doors opened, she rushed around and hobbled off to the bathroom with both hands jammed between her legs.

One thought crossed my mind.

HOW THE HELL IS THIS EVEN REAL!?

In disbelief, I tried to rationalize what had just happened, but no matter how I looked at it, this was the situation I was in.

Realizing I was standing in the corner of an open elevator, I took a few steps out and tried to regain enough of my processing ability to decide what to do next. Ultimately I found myself wandering aimlessly on the top floor of the library, no friends in sight and a good twenty minutes to kill before my next class.

I tried not to look at the bathroom door. I didn't even want to think about what just happened. No matter how I looked at it, I couldn't rationalize it other than absolutely impossible.

After a good five minutes of trying to gather my thoughts, Chagami-chan emerged from the bathroom and approached me once again.

"S-sorry," she smiled sheepishly, "Back there in the elevator... I guess I got a little too excited..."

"N-no... that... that was um...."

"Interesting?" she offered. Before waiting for a response, she asked, "Do you have time to talk?"

I looked at my phone for the time. A little less than 15 minutes, but that would do.

We picked one of the study rooms and entered for privacy purposes.

"I wasn't kidding around," she admitted, "I uh, I normally don't tell people this, but you could barely keep your eyes off me, so..."

"Sorry!" I replied hastily.

"No, it's fine, I just... I like making myself desperate to pee. And like I said, from the looks of things, you like watching."

I looked away nervously, "It's that obvious?"

She smiled, "You're about as subtle as an elephant in a china shop."

I sighed. I was hoping I wasn't that obvious, but then again, given her fetish, she might have very well been hoping that was the case, much in the same way I was hoping she liked holding it.

"I don't mind it... In fact, it's nice to tell someone who's not going to judge me over it. Really."

"I guess I don't need to tell you that I already like watching those kinds of things," I replied.

I couldn't believe it. I really really couldn't. I was having a hard time staying calm in such a situation. But I had found someone like this, to hell if I was going to let this opportunity slip away.

"So," I added after a period of silence, "Uh, well, I think it'd be nice to get to know you a bit better, so... would you like to go get some coffee sometime?"

She smiled, "I certainly hope you don't mean from the vending machine!"

Her smile told me she knew I didn't. She told me she had a tight schedule this week. (We've both been getting pounded with midterms), but she said she'd love to some time when she's free.

The whole rest of the day has just kind of been a buzz in the background of my mind. Such an incredible experience, AND I got a date out of it too boot. One thing's for sure, if things work out, I might be making more contributions to Wetting Experiences in the future.

1 - Chagumi-chan = chairo (brown) + k/gumi (hair). In other words. I'm still calling her brown-hair girl.

*008*2014-10-18 04:38

Thank you all for the encouragement. A short update; we did manage to get together on a date of sorts earlier today. Technically it was a study session, but we didn't get much studying done. Nothing omorashi-related happened (though, really that's for the best. We both agreed to keep that stuff out of the first few dates since it's better to get to know each other first) but we had a lot of fun and found out we have a lot in common. Things are absolutely looking up!

