Purposeful Driving Desperation (With Result Pictures)

Author: lihp

*000*2020-11-11 23:08

I had the day off today, so I decided to take a 90 minute road trip to do some Christmas shopping. On the outside I was wearing my normal gray shorts and a button up plaid shirt, but underneath I decided to go with a pair of light pink panties. I'm pretty sure that nobody out there knew that the guy shopping was wearing women's panties, but I love the feeling of it.

I had been staying hydrated throughout the day and before I made the 90 minute drive home I decided to slam a Mountain Dew. I wanted to have a full bladder during the trip. There are two rest areas along the drive and I bypassed both of them. I wanted to see where the desperation would take me.

I definitely had the urge to go by the time that I was 30 minutes from home and by the time I was 15 minutes from home there was a definite need to empty my bladder. I have never really wet my pants while driving and I made a decision: I was not going to actively hold my bladder, but I was also not going to push to get it started either. That last 15 minutes of the drive were wonderful. Even though I wasn't actively holding it, my body could not release while I was sitting in that position and driving. I could feel that it wanted to and it just couldn't get it started. A few times I felt like it was building up to the point of leaking and then it wouldn't. I don't know whether it was a physical restriction from the way I was sitting or the mental restriction related to being trained against peeing my pants, but it just wouldn't go. My leg muscles were even shaking a bit and it was a great feeling, almost a light burning.

I hit two stoplights not far from my house, but even then there was no release. I looked around at the other cars and people, none of them knowing that I was on the verge of wetting my pants and my panties. None of the even knew the feminine underwear I had on underneath. All of that added to the rush.

There was one last stop sign before my house. I could see my house and I was still dry. That is where the first spurt occurred, stopping to turn left at the intersection near my house. It was hot and it was wet. I felt it dampen my panties and flow down to my butt, but it wasn't a full wetting yet. I knew that the dam was breaking, though.

I pulled into my driveway, put the car in park, and sat back in the seat a little bit. The effect was immediate. A full on soaking of my panties and a very visible dark accident on my gray shorts. It is not a long walk from my driveway to the house, but there are a handful of houses that would have had a direct view if someone had been at the window. However, it was already starting to get dark here in the midwestern US and I am not sure anybody was at their window, let alone notice the man who just wet his pants. I live alone, so I didn't have to worry about anyone being in the house.

I highly recommend trying it. Not actively holding back the wetting, but not pushing it out. Sitting in a position where your body doesn't know how to wet. That nervous energy of the desperation is spectacular.

And because I absolutely love it when people put photos on their post, I am going to share a few. The first is the front of my shorts and the front of my panties. The second is the backside, because it is amazing to wet while sitting down. The final photo is a close-up of my pink panties. I'm kind of sad to have taken them off so quickly for the photos, so I am sitting here with the panties back on, but under a different pair of pajama pants. Life is good!

$$

$$

$$

