Winter Weather Wetting

Author: themerger

*000*2017-12-10 19:01

Hey Omo friends,

I just recently returned from a trip to Montreal, where I was exposed to some incredibly cold weather (7°F) compared to Pennsylvania. I had plenty of clothes to keep me warm, but they were precisely what caused me to wet myself a bit!

My GF and I were returning from an exquisite bakery when quite suddenly my morning coffee demanded it's release. This was a scenario in which I went from comfortable to desperate with very little warning. It was only a 12 minute walk to our AirBnB, but each step seemed to increase my urge. I made it very clear to my GF that we hurry, as my bladder even started to hurt a little.

Upon arrival, I did my best to kick snow off of my boots before I went into the entryway. Of course I had to bend down to untie my snowy salty boots, sending pee into my urethra. Once my boots were off I rushed to the bathroom, only to contend with removing my 2 pairs of gloves and unzipping my jacket...in front of the toilet. It was as I reached for my pants zipper that I started leaking into my underwear; a large spurt- that which had already began it's exit in the entryway- thoroughly wet my left thigh. Fortunately, I had long underwear overtop of my boxer-briefs so nothing was visible on my jeans after finally relieving myself into the toilet.

My GF went into the bathroom after me at which point I was able to change my underwear. Though there was light evidence on my long underwear I kept them on, as I really couldn't feel much wetness with the new boxers.

Has anyone else succumbed to their bladder while taking off their Winter attire?

