Late at night

Author: Mel

*000*2012-09-18 22:50

Hey :D Haven't been able to post much lately because I've been busy with TONS of stuff. Anyway, I'd just like to quickly share this.

I was about.....15 at the time of this accident. I may have said it before, but my dad was terrible as I grew up. He would scream at me and he would sometimes hurt me. So basically, I had tons of homework to do this one night. I goofed around a lot, going in the kitchen and getting drinks a few times and by 10 I didn't have much done. And by then, I kinda had to pee, but I decided to stop screwing around and actually get stuff done. It's now 10:30. I've got a lot done, but I had a few more things to do. And my dad walks in. The click of the door made my heart skip a beat.

Dad: *random cursing* YOU'RE GOING TO FINISH THAT AND STAY IN THIS ROOM UNTIL TOMORROW! YOU HEAR ME?! YOU TAKE A STEP OUT, AND IT'S OVER!

Phew. That could have gone worse. Suddenly, I am reminded of the slight urge I had earlier. Obviously, it's now grown. I took a step before my brain played my dad's words back again. No. I am not even going to risk it. I can hold it....I think.

11:00. My hand is between my legs as I frantically finish the last part. Done. Finally. I put my stuff away, and freeze in the middle of my room, wondering what to do next. Okay, I go to bed, and go to the bathroom as soon as I wake up. I struggle to drift away, my full bladder throbbing.

1:30 AM. I wake up. I instantly feel a warmth in my crotch and jump out of bed. A small stream is running down my leg. I start hobbling towards the door, unable to stop leaking. My bladder is stretched long beyond it's limit. Maybe I can explain that I couldn't hold it...maybe he won't hear me.....But it was too late. My bladder let go, flooding pee down my legs and soaking my shorts (they were short pink pajama shorts). I leaned on my dresser, holding back sobs. The carpet below me (:/) was completely soaked. My bed was a bit wet. So, yes. I was absolutely soaked with pee, starting to cry, and had no choice but to crawl back in bed.

So, yes, my dad did find out. But you don't want to hear about that.

