(Another) Exam Wetting

Author: Squirtainly

*000*2019-06-02 01:19

Sorry that it's been a while since my last (and only) post. I've been very busy with revision at the moment. Anyway, I'm writing about another exam wetting, but this time by yours truly.

Last year I was doing my AS levels. They're exams you take in the UK age 16/17, and they're a big deciding factor for universities. As such, I was freaking out about my history paper on the European Witchcraze. I'd not been as good on that as I had been on my other subjects, so I was up most of the night before revising. Now, when I get nervous, I drink water. You'd have thought that I would know my limits, but I clearly don't.

I'd probably drank the best part of a litre the morning before the exam. I went to the toilet before it started because I'm not a lunatic, but clearly a lot of it was still making its way through me. I walked into the vinyl wood floored exam hall with a litre bottle in hand, ready for the most stressful hours of that academic year.

The questions I got weren't too bad, so I relaxed at bit, however, I got quite stuck towards the middle of the paper. Within the space of 45 minutes I drank most of my water, and this went through me very quickly.

By the last half hour of the exam, I was fidgeting and bouncing up and down in my chair non-stop (in case you couldn't tell, my bladder is tiny). Aside from disturbing my bladder even more, I'd taken my blazer off because it was a hot day, so my boobs were jumping up and down in my shirt quite significantly, and I was aware of the attention I was starting to draw from a few people. I forced myself to sit still and concentrate, knowing that I couldn't afford to waste time going to the loo.

A few minutes into this effort, I had pretty much failed. Although above my skirt, my hand was pressing so hard into my crotch that I was practically fingering myself. I took my hand away to turn a page and leaked. Significantly. Of course, I couldn't just check our my knickers in an exam hall, but I could feel how wet they were. Honestly, I was kind of turned on, but the stress and fear soon drowned that out.

I'd leaked less significantly a few more times, focusing on the ticking of the clock in the echoey exam hall as I checked my work. With about five minutes to go, I leaked significantly again. It had gone through my skirt onto my chair, and I was very aware of the fact that I was sitting in a puddle of my own urine. At that moment I realised that, even if I could stand up without losing it, my mess would be glaringly obvious.

I was wondering if I could call an invigilator over and ask to stay seated until everyone had left, when my body made that decision for me. I muttered "Oh God, no" and thrust my hands onto my urethra but it was too late. I could feel the piss rushing out of me at an incredible velocity. This speed meant that, when it hit the floor, it hit it hard. So hard, in fact, that my piss echoed. More than 100 people watched and listened as I pissed my pants. The worst part? I moaned in relief. I MOANED.

Needless to say, I wasmortified. I stayed seated, tears streaming down me as everyone else exited the hall when the exam was finally over. By the time I could leave, my piss was ice cold, leaving me with soaking wet, freezing knickers pushed virtually inside me. I have to admit, I'm not too fond of the coldness after wetting, so this wasn't great for me.

Now, I don't want to jinx anything, but that is hopefully the last time that I will piss myself in public (although, unfortunately, not the first).

*002*2019-06-02 01:26

{{Just now, JAW182 said:

Did anyone comment or giggle?

}}

I got a few comments. For the most part, people were quite sympathetic. I mean, it was a long exam. On the other hand, one guy asked me who'd made me 'that wet', and perhaps the cattiest girl I know was telling people I was 'a fucking baby'. That made its way back to me quite quickly, but tbh it didn't bother me that much; she's horrible. The main problem I had was being embarrassed by it. It's the kind of thing where it's a lot easier if you can just own it.

*004*2019-06-02 01:41

{{1 minute ago, JAW182 said:

Idk why but hearing about the teasing and the embarrassment caused always interests me and intensified the arousal. Does that make me a bad person?

}}

I hope not, or I'd be a bad person too! It's still very embarrassing for me, but I hope that I can at least think back to this memory with more mixed emotions in future. But I'm glad you liked it, I wouldn't have shared my embarrassment if I didn't want it to be enjoyed :)

*009*2019-06-02 14:59

The exam was in the afternoon and I live quite nearby, so I just grabbed my phone and got home within five minutes. I threw off my blouse and had a quick shower in my skirt then threw everything in the wash before my mum got home. And I'll be sharing my other experiences for another day, I've got to drag these out

*013*2019-06-04 22:32

Thanks for the kind comments everyone; it really means a lot. I'm really surprised how welcoming and kind a fetish community is!

