First time wetting

Author: Alice Ivy

*000*2021-02-16 18:55

So a few days ago I joined this forum and I said that I've never wet myself and I was fully expecting my first few experiences to be 'just made it' stories but erm that didn't exactly happen.

Me time! Hia, am tall 6'4" to be exact and am just a stick. Today I was wearing a turtleneck sweater and a skirt with a thick belt, black tights and just a simple black bra and black panties set. I love this outfit as it gives me curves that I don't have. Anyhow this is what happened!

I did a normal day with normal stuff, dealt with a few tech support tickets, had breakfast and lunch and peed when I needed and of course drinking a fair amount. Side note, I have a really small bladder and because of this I don't drink enough for fear of being caught short aaaaaaaaaand I'm like in a constant state of dehydration right now so I'm trying to fix that with lots of coffee and energy drinks (I can't deal with water, yes I know I'm unhealthy) so there was lots of toilet trips. right around the time of my last support ticket I was going to do I felt a need to pee again but this time I felt naughty so I held on.

It only took me like 30 minutes to finish the ticket and by the end of it I was frantic, my butt was wiggling, my legs were crossed and if I wasn't typing I'm sure both hands would be holding on for dear life. My bladder felt rock solid and it felt like it was starting to bulge out, I was beginning to wish that my belt wasn't so tight and oh god my tights were not helping.

Then, the holders nightmare.... Family! *lightning strikes*. I got a knock at the door and my sister told me that we had cake to eat, normally this'd be great but I could feel my bladder threatening to burst any minute. I tried my best to calm myself down and I stood up, and I leaked, just a tiny bit but I leaked. My bladder was sending my the biggest warning signals ever and I realised that I did not wanna wet in front of my family eating cake, no thanks. So I went straight into the toilet and I lost control. It was just a dribble at first and I tried to stem it in time to get my tights down but it was a lost cause and it all just came out. I lifted my skirt to minimise the damage and just peed through my tights. Now I'm a lucky bitch for two reasons. Number 1 I was wearing black tights that don't show wetness, Number 2, I was so desperate that it just went straight through my tights into the toilet.

I dried myself as much as possible and went to eat cake, still wet and no one noticed!

