Todays Pee Holding Challenge :D

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2016-08-04 15:06

So then guys :) I decided to try out one of the mister poll pee holding challenges :) http://www.misterpoll.com/polls/522622

I drank loads this morning (Huge mug of tea, a pint of water, then a pint of fruit squash)

I waited until I was about 5/10 on the scale in the poll. It was amazing how fast my bladder was filling tbh. Before I started the poll the last pee I had was about an hour and a half before but because I was so super hydrated it didn't take long for me to fill up enough to start :)

The first challenge was an easy one. Just drink 2 cups of water. Piece of cake that was ;)

The second challenge I had to wait 30 minutes. I managed to squirm my way through that challenge. I was fighting though and I was very surprised at how fast my poor bladder was expanding. I could see it sticking out of my tummy like I was pregnant :O How was this possible. I am usually soooo good at holding large amounts.

I managed to finish the 30 minutes. Then the 3rd challenge I had to watch a video of rain noise. The video wasn't working so I just held for the length of time the video was supposed to be played for :) It was painful and I was bursting!!

After those challenges I was on about 8/10 on the scale in the poll. It was actually hurting to hold it now :O

I got onto the 4th challenge. Relax your bladder muscles for 30 seconds :O I didn't even risk staying sat on my bed for this one. I went into the bathroom and sat on the toilet with my panties and leggings still up. I relaxed and instantly a trickle started leaking out. I couldn't re-clamp for 30 seconds so I basically sat there very slowly peeing through my leggings on the toilet. It was very hard to stop. I clamped tightly and grabbed with one hand and managed to stop it! It was painful though. My poor bladder was still very full :/

I took a towel out of the bathroom and put it on my bed and then sat back down cross legged with a wet patch between my legs.

I didn't fancy watching the next video so I just sat there holding my pee in for the time I was supposed to watch the video.

Then there was my downfall. Having emptied like 1/4 of my bladder through my leggings on the toilet. When I got to the 6th challenge. I decided to re-do the 30 minute hold :O What a silly idea that was. My poor bladder was still filling up stupidly fast. I was bursting to pee and my poor bladder was actually aching really bad. I stood up to try and go to the toilet because it was hurting too much. Rather than risk doing damage I thought I'd wet through my leggings. I ran to the bathroom and just exploded uncontrollably sat on the toilet! I peed for like 60 seconds just totally flooding my panties and leggings. It felt amazing.

I then decided to just try and carry on with whatever else there was in the poll. I think after sitting around for 45 minutes holding I lost interest and just stood in the shower and re-wet my leggings all over my legs and feet this time as well :) It felt so nice.

Seeds x

*004*2016-08-06 12:26

It was great fun :D I really enjoyed it :D x

