My best friends mom

Author: value-elephant

*000*2017-05-01 02:12

*messing*

Im not quite sure how to add tags so knows let me know and I'll be sure to put the warning in there, thanks

During my freshmen year of high school none of my friends could drive yet so my friend and I got rides home with his mom. I've known his family forever and we've always been best friends. His mom had him when she was real young, I believe she was around 15 years old. She did make it through schooling fine with the help from her family and now my friend has a very good home life with both his parents making good money. I remember her driving some luxury SUV, either a Audi or BMW. It was a very nice car with very luxurious tan leather seats. This story begins when one day after school we walked over to our usual pick up spot and waited for his mom. She isn't always right on time since her job required her to go house to house visiting patients and distributing medicines and she would go pick us up and drop us off in between patients.

I don't remember exactly what her title was but I remember she wore a lab coat over whatever casual clothes she was wearing. Some days she would even have his grandmother pick us up due to her work schedule. But on this day we waited about 20 minutes before my friend tried to text his mom to find out where she was. He even tried calling her and after another 10 minutes she called back. She sounded very stressed from what I could hear and apparently she forgot to talk to his grandma about picking us up instead. So she called back a few minutes later saying his grandma was across town. She told us to head back on campus and wait for her as she's leaving right now and would be there in about 10 minutes. At this point we have been waiting almost an hour when we get a call saying she is here.

As we are getting in the car she is apologizing to both of us and saying how busy she was at work today and how she got distracted. I got in and noticed her giggling her legs. She was wearing some black t-shirt and tight blue jeans under her coat. The whole time she seemed very anxious as she was taking us home. That day we were both going to his house to work on homework and hang out. His house was around 20 minutes away and I remember when we were about halfway home she started making passive aggressive comments every time we were stuck behind someone slow. She apologized and said "Sorry guys I just really have to use the bathroom. I haven't been able to go all day." My friend eventually asked "Can we stop and get some food? I'm starving and we have nothing at home for us to eat." She was hesitant at first. "Yeah I guess we can since I made you guys wait so long, where do you want to go? We need to make it quick I need to get home to go to the bathroom."

We ended up just going through the McDonalds drive-thur. I remember it taking forever and his mom always moving her legs back and forth. She would make remarks like "come on I'm about to have an accident." I think she grossed my friend out cause he said "Mom stop it'll be fine." On the way home she was really trying to get home since she was tailing the shit out of people. She had to slam on her breaks and she looked down at her crotch and said out loud "shit!" She must've let some out at this point. We finally pull into their garage and we get out. She practically runs to the door while trying to keep her legs together at the same time.

When she gets to the door she drops her keys. I was in heaven watching my friends really cute mom desperately trying to hold in her bladder. She leaned down carefully, still with her legs crossed and let out a moan. She finally unlocked the door and we get inside. She needed to stop for a moment to gather herself so we headed inside. My buddy said he's going to go use the bathroom and that it's gonna be a while so I just hung out in the kitchen. I watch his mom walk in and set her stuff down and on the floor and take her coat off as soon as she gets in. The master bedroom is right by the garage so she heads straight to her door and jiggles the handle only to discover it's locked. She goes to her phone, assuming to text her husband who sounded like he was in the shower. She tried the handle once again with the same result. She's staying perfectly still with one hand on her crotch when she uncrossed her legs and stood up straight.

She moves her hands to her hips as she gives up. A dark patch on the back of her jeans started to grow as she stares at her crotch. It slowly spread down both of her legs all the way down to her ankles. Within seconds her jeans were soaking wet. Her thighs were so wet they were glistening. I hear her take a calming breath as she inspects the damage. She was still standing in her puddle by the door. She was still staying perfectly. At first I thought it was her attempt to not spread the mess until she could go change. She then held one hand on her butt right in between her legs. Her struggle wasn't over. She knew her son was in the only other bathroom so she had no options. I was viewing this from the kitchen looking down the hallway to their room so I moved from my seat for a moment so she couldn't see me if she looked. I got a text from my friend saying I can go in his room if I want and that he'll be a little while longer.

I go back to check in on his mom. She's on her phone again with one hand and the other on her stomach. She still had to go to the bathroom. She was trying to call her husband I could hear the ring from his phone, yet I could still hear the shower running. Bad timing for her. That's when it happened. She took a deep breath and she squeezed her thighs together. She had one hand on the door handle and one on her thigh. Her knees were jammed together as she bent them slightly. That's when she held her breath and stuck her butt out even more. I was practically staring at her butt at this point when I saw a bulge start to appear. It was small at first but I could hear her grunting as it grew. She had to stop for a moment to catch her breath. Went she started up again she was really struggling. She even started to pee again as she pushed. A stream started to come straight from her butt and hit her puddle.

The denim of her jeans was slowly stretching out as more poop filled her pants. One more long heave and she was done. She let out a big sigh and slowly stood up straight. The bulge looked almost as big as a baseball, and her jeans were still soaking wet. I'm lucky that when my friend does his business it takes him forever to finish. I move from my spot in an effort not to get caught staring. His mom calls out her sons name to hear no response, I assume to make sure nobody is out in the kitchen. She then heads out of the hallway to see me standing there. I immediately looked down at her legs, there's no way I couldn't. Her whole front side was completely wet. She looked very flustered and said with a red face "um where's Alex?"

"Oh he is using the bathroom..." I said awkwardly.

She lets out a nervous laugh and said "Oh alright" she walked over to grab paper towels. Every step she took looked awkward due to the large load in her pants. She let out a little laugh and said "I have a little cleaning up to do." And walked away looking embarrassed. Right when she walked past me the smell of piss was overwhelming not to mention the load in her jeans. I start to head to my friends room as I see her on her knees placing paper towels in her puddle and got one last look at her pants and the massive bulge sticking out. I couldn't believe my friends mom not only peed her pants but also crapped her pants right in front of me. The noise from the shower finally turns off and when I get to my friends room he is just coming out. Soon enough I hear the shower turn right back on. Later I see his mom emerge in sweatpants as if nothing has ever happened. And of course we never talked about it again.

