A Lewd wet 4th of July

Author: Valeri night

*000*2018-07-10 20:25

Hellooooo everyone Valeri again here with another jam packed experience, today I will be writing up a story that happened quite recently on the Fourth of July. (as the title suggests) This story follows the wonderful cast of the great and amazing me, The always perfect Faith, two guys that don’t matter, and a friend of Faith who I don’t know to well, a girl we shall call Ashley. (Ash for short) I've been being kinda lazy so there isn't really any desperation in this part it's just kinda the day starting up to everything but I should be able to post the other part sometime tomorrow as long as I don't sleep all day ^_^

The day started off like most of my boring days, sleep in till about twelve then pretend I don’t have anything to do for about an hour or so till my body or time force me to leave my protective bed. Today I actually had the day off so time was not the reason for me rejoining the world of the living, but it was in fact my annoying bladder that forced me out of my bed and into the light of day.

After ignoring my bladder pangs for an hour or so, I finally stumbled out of bed and into the bathroom. From there I started my daily routine of relieving myself, then brushing my teeth. After I finished brushing my teeth I went ahead and decided to just go ahead and shower while I was somewhat awake and in the bathroom. Being the girl I am while I showered I went ahead and shaved once again, even though I end up shaving nearly as soon as any hair grows on me.(I’m not a fan of body hair, not one bit)And being one of the only two girls in our apartment I didn’t mind leaving the shower wearing only my towel or sometimes when I know I’m alone nothing at all.

Now that I was somewhat awake I decided to go and eat something for “breakfast” so I went ahead and grabbed a little fruit cup out of the fridge before I went back to hide in my room. I couldn’t remember whether or not Faith had gone to work or whatever she does, but that didn’t matter at the moment. Now that I had my little makeshift breakfast I sat down at my computer to watch some youtube and enjoy some lovely diced fruit. Fast forward a couple hours and two water bottles later and you would see a girl slightly bouncing in her chair still watching the same youtube as she was three hours before.

“Knock Knock, Hey Val you in there?” I jumped in surprise from the loud banging on my door and I quickly got up to open my door. “Hey what’s up” I asked Faith slightly hiding behind my door. “Well you know it’s fourth of july and I don’t know if you may or may not have plans but me and a couple of friends were going to watch some down by the lake in the closest city, did you want to come with us?” I just kinda give Faith a look of suspicion “what friends?”

“Well my friend Ashley she’s nice a quiet girl I’ve known for awhile, then this guy I go to school with and his friend.”

“well that doesn't seem to bad I guess, when did you want to leave?” Faith just kinda thought for a moment “Well It doesn't get dark till 8ish so around eight?”

“Yeah sounds okay I’ll be here okay, so just kinda give me a heads up i’ll be ready” I smile to Faith as i slowly shut the door. “Okay great Val you’ll love it I swear” Faith quickly shouts to me before I shut the door. “Ugghghgh” I moan to myself as I slam my face into my pillow on my bed, why did I say yes of course I don’t want to meet all these people. Oh well it’s about six now so I’ve got a couple hours till we leave so at least I’ve got plenty of time. My bladder grumbled and reminded me that It was still kinda full from earlier, well might as well go relieve myself soon It would be super embarrassing to be desperate around Faith’s friends. My face flushed from the thought of having to hold myself or even worse peeing myself not only around Faith but friends of hers that I’ve never meet before.

Well might as well pick out an outfit for tonight that’s fun at least I smile to myself and move over to my closet to find out what to wear. Hmm lets see here I don’t really have anything really red white and blue… Well I guess I can wear my thigh high white socks, and I know I’ve got a blue skirt in here somewhere. All that I need know Is something red, rummaging through my mess of a closet I pull out all my red shirts and hoodies. I end up going with a red long sleeve turtleneck that fit my body very well, with my outfit basically picked out I needed to pick out the most festive undergarments that I had. (not that anybody would get to see them but you know) I went ahead with a matching pair of White lace panties and a White bra(kinda basic but I’m an angel you know)

After putting everything on I do a little spin in my mirror watching my skirt frill up and dance at my sides, I looked absolutely adorable and was starting to think that it may not be to bad of an idea to go out tonight. Now that I was in my lovely outfit I went ahead to go add some makeup to this face of mine, I don’t wear makeup to often so I wasn’t able to do anything to crazy but it did make me look a little better in my opinion. As I finished up my makeup and looking over at myself I heard the door to my apartment open and hear Faith and other voices inside. I start to get a little uncomfortable from the idea of having to open the door with all eyes on me. Knowing the longer i hide in here the worse off it’ll be for me I go ahead and mentally prepare myself to open the door. Opening the door to the bathroom and walking out with elegance and definence I strut out of the bathroom and start to head to my door.

“Why hello beautiful how are you today” I hear Faith say to me, looking over I see Faith sitting on the couch and the three other people who I’ve never seen before. Come on over don’t be a stranger, you look really cute by the way. Sighing to myself I walked over to where Faith and friends were sitting, “thank you Faith” I mumble as I sit down opposite to the side of everyone else. “Well everybody this is valeri she is my roommate, she is a little shy but a lovely girl.” Well hello valeri you look quite beautiful today” one of the guys smiles as he shakes my hand, I can’t help but roll my eyes a little as the other guy introduces himself as Jake.”

My flirtatious friend here is Zack by the way” he mentions to me. “Nice to meet you” I quietly say back to him, “and you are?” I ask to the other girl. “My names Ashley It’s nice to meet you.” I just kinda sat there awkwardly as the guys start talking to each other and I’m not sure whether or not to leave and hide back in my room. “Hey come here” Faith says grabbing me and Ashley “Hey-” I try and get out as she pulls me into her room. “Shut the door ashley” Faith asks as she hops onto the bed, “listen here ladies I need your help.”

“What do you need Faith” that hurt my wrist I think to myself. “Ashley, Val I need you two to help me pick out an outfit for tonight.”

“Really? that's all,” I think to myself she started pulling outfits out of her closet. I just kinda sat against the wall as her and Ashley went through and picked through her choices. “Hey val which one do you think looks more festive?” she asks. Looking over I see an outfit with little silver stars on the top and a pair of ripped blue jeans, “go with that one Faith.”

“ooh Ash said the same thing so I gotta go with this one” Figuring my job was done I went to go open the door but Faith stopped me and said “wait not just yet you gotta tell me how it looks on me first silly.”

“Fine” I mumble expecting her to go and change in her closet, but she just starts taking her clothes off right in front of us. My eyes go wide and I immediately look away, “what Val you embarrassed to see me like this” Faith teases me as she takes off her pants and top leaving herself in just her bra and panties. Well i um you know i’ve never seen you like this so... I stumble over my words as my face goes bright red. “Don’t worry next time i’ll have you undress for me so that away we are even” as Faith teases me more, all the while Ashley just kinda giggles as she looks up from her phone at me. “It looks great Faith” Ashley complemtes as Faith shows off her outfit, yeah you look great I smile still kinda flustered to how open she was with her body. “Well we should probably get going soon it’s getting kinda dark and we don’t want to miss anything”

“Yeah good point Ash”, “alrighty val go get your stuff we will finish up in just a minute.”

“Okay Faith I’ll be out in a moment” I reply back as I quickly move through the living room where the two guys were still hanging out in. Grabbing all my things I couldn't stop thinking about how open Faith was about her body and how sexy she looked. “I wish I looked like that” I sighed to myself “Oh well time to go I guess.” With that I headed out the door into the living room and soon we all left together in one car. “It’ll be about thirty minutes to get there so get comfy everyone” Faith mentions starting the car. “I hope there will be parking” one of the guys thinks out loud, I kinda space out looking out the passenger side window feeling a hand on my thigh I shoot up and look over at Faith who smiles and whispers “let me know if you feel uncomfortable or want to anything, I can give you the keys so you can go back to the car or something.” smiling I thank her, I then shift my weight over to the window and close my eyes dozing off till we show up.

*003*2018-07-14 01:27

Okay so this took me way to long to type up (that's my bad) I had some life things come up and I didn't want this part to feel rushed soooooo here you go. There is a little bit more after this part that is more lewd than desperation based but I'll get to that part here eventually. That night was more than even my lewd self was used too. (Also I typed this out before realizing that line spacing doesn't change in this format so after this part I'll try and make it easier to read)

“Psst hey val wake up we’re here” Faith pokes me in the side over and over till I grumble “i’m up i’m up.” Looking around I see we are still driving but we are in a place I don’t recognize, “I thought we were here Faith why are we still driving?” I mumble. “We can’t find a place to park” one of the guys buts in from the back. Hmph lame I think to myself, “but it’s okay” Ashley perks up “the fireworks shouldn't start for another hour and half or so.”

“Exactly and there’s a parking spot right here so even though we have a little bit of a walk there at least shouldn’t be to much traffic over here.”

“Sound reasoning Faith” Jake replied as we parked and got out of the car. It was pretty obvious where everything was centered around, you could see people all walking to a centralized area surrounding a pretty large lake. As we starting walking towards the crowds and to the lake we mixed in with other groups surprising all different ages, “oh wow look at that.” Looking over I see what Faith is pointing at, a group of bouncy houses and everything had almost a carnival like feel to it. “We may as well go and check it out” Zack says as he starts to walk over to one of the stands, following a frozen lemonade stand catches my eye and I ask the group if it’s okay to go over there for a moment. “Yeah sounds yummy i’ll go with you” Ashley smiles walking over to the stand with me.

After standing in line for a few minutes Ashley asks the stand owner for two frozen lemonades, “here you two are, it’ll be five twenty five the lady responds giving us the lemonades. I reach into my purse to grab my card but before I could Ashley was giving cash to the lady. “Oh um thanks Ash”

“Yeah of course my pleasure, if you want after we drink these you can buy us two waters”

“Sounds like a plan” I smile as I take a deep slurp of my lemonade. Ashley and I wander around for a little bit looking at the stands and listing to the not so good public band they had playing. “Are you hungry at all?”

“because the others are currently eating at one of the stands over there.” Ash points out. “Umm not really” I reply “are you?”

“Nope” she cheerfully smiles back “I ate before we came over, so we can just wander and hang out if you want”

“Sounds good to me” smiling that I wasn’t being super awkward like I normally am. We wander around for a while chatting and looking for a good spot for when we stop to watch the fireworks, “There sure are alot of people here now huh” I uncomfortably point out to Ash as we take a moment to relax and finish our lemonades. “Yeah we will have to meet back up with the rest of the group here soon.” Slurping up the rest of my lemonade I look over at Ashley, “you know these lemonades sure make you thirsty even after you drink them”

“Yeah” she giggled “turns out you’re gonna have to buy me that water real soon.” I should be careful not to drink to much I subtle note to myself, wouldn't want to have to go pee here. “You know I haven’t even seen any bathrooms here, have you?” I ask. “Well I saw some nasty porta potties but who wants to use though right?”

“Yeah” I sighed shuffling slightly, “You don’t need to pee already do ya” Ashley teases me lightly, “Nooo do you” I poke back at her. Ha not yet but let's go get that water then after that I’ll let you know. It wasn’t exactly what I wanted to do but how could I tell her no, so we headed to the nearest stand to get a couple waters.

After grabbing the waters we went over to our friends that were still currently eating, “hey y'all having fun so far” Faith asks us. We sit down and join them in conversation telling them about a couple of spots that we saw that may have a good view for the fireworks tonight, “A spot by the edge of the lake huh” Zack ponders, “Doesn't sound to bad, plenty of viewing distance and it’ll be nice to sit next to the water Faith replies.

I look around while the group debates over the best spot to sit at, sipping at my water I notice the porta poddies that Ash pointed out earlier and my bladder reminds me that if i’m not careful with this water it’ll be back to haunt me. “Oi Val try this” focusing back on reality I see a chicken wing in front of my face dripping with sauce. Um what is this I ask as zack holds it out to me expectly, “A chicken wing duh they're really good and we’ve got plenty you should have some.” Reluctantly I take the wing from him and bit into it slowly, not bad I think to myself but it’s a little spicy. “So what do you think?”

“Ah it's good but kinda hot for my taste”

“You’re pretty hot for my taste” Zack retorts giving me a wink. Ashley and Faith giggle as I roll my eyes at the pathetic line, nevertheless I continue to much on the wings noticing how hungry I had gotten. “Jeez val hungry aren’t ya” Jake pokes toward me, taking a deep swing of my water I blush and push my plate away having eaten the wings. “May as well go find that spot that Val and Ash saw earlier and claim our spot” Faith gestures as she gets up from the table. I take one more look at the bathrooms before blocking it out of my mind, who would want to use those disgusting things anyways I think to myself, I can hold this I’ve done it plenty of times. We make our way to our spot in the grass next to the edge of the lake, our spot is slightly sloped allowing a near perfect view if we lay down with only a few branches from a large oak tree in the way of our view.

“Yeah I think this will be perfect” Faith declares putting her stuff down and sitting on the grass. “If the queen wants it then it shall happen” Zack responds as he sits down next to her. Jake shrugs and takes his own spot laying down by the tree, looking around I find a decent spot and lay my skirt down to make sure the grass isn’t poking my legs to much. Thankfully no one was in front of us but the lake so I could sit practically anyway I wanted and no one would be able to see up my skirt. “How long till the fireworks go off” I ask shuffling my legs as I try and get comfortable. “Hmm about thirty minutes or so it’s pretty dark now so who really knows if they will be on time or a little early” Jake mutters looking at his watch. So now we wait I think to myself, pulling out my phone I decide to listen to some music waiting for the time to pass by.

After about ten minutes of me silently waiting while our group talked and hung out on their phones I find my bladder filling up pretty rapidly, maybe all that water and lemonade wasn’t to good an idea for my little bladder I think while I look over at the rest of the group. My eyes catch Ashley and she scoots over and sits next to me, “whatcha up to val”

“oh you know just listening to music waiting for these fireworks” I casually reply back. Looking over at her I notice that she is still drinking that water from before, my bladder winces as she gulps it down. Noticing me watching her she smiles and asks “want some water, or are you just checking me out?”

“What! No I wasn’t doing that I was just thinking about how you still had that water from before.” Oh silly no I drank that a while ago, I got this bottle from Faith while you were devouring those wings. Wow so she must have drank a lot in the past hour, “Would you like some?” she laughs while pushing the bottle into my hands. “oh um I don’t know I kinda have to pee” I admit Ashley’s eyes go wide in surprise “talk about bad timing huh girl, the porta potties are so far away and the fireworks should be starting pretty soon.” sighing I look down and reposition myself again so that I can bounce on my legs. I could feel Ashley watching my movements and I started blushing a little and slowed down my movements to make it seem like I wasn’t as desperate as I was letting on. A couple minutes go by and she takes another sip of her water, seeing me whence Ashley looks over and asks “sooo how bad is it?”

“I’m at about a 7 currently It wasn’t so bad earlier but all that water and lemonade hit me like a truck.” A seven? Ashley questioned me? “Oh well yeah you know like seven out of ten” I blush. Ah makes sense now she laughs, I guess I’m at around a six then. “Oh so I guess you kinda have to pee too huh?” Kinda ash replied back I haven’t gone since I left my house before getting to your apartment. “Merp I would of peed myself by then if that was me” I think to myself, but I simply refuse to use the porta potties here no matter what she adds on. I sit up and cross my legs looking over the lake in front of us”ugh it just had to be over a lake huh” I went back to my phone and attempted to past the time while I ignored my rising urge to pee.

Unfortunately there was a giant lake in front of me with constant ripples moving against the shore next to me, Internally I was hating myself and I was debating on if I should ask Ash if she could come with me to go the the porta potties. I sat my legs up and started rocking back and forth doing my best to mentally hold myself and not show any real signs to all the people who had started to sit and gather around us to watch the fireworks. “Ugh this better hurry up” I hear Ashley say, I could see her starting to quietly squirm in her spot as well. At least I get a cute view I smile to myself, oops she caught me Ashley looks over at me and smirks, “how’s your little bladder holding up?”

“Well I need to pee pretty bad” I whisper back. “Well lucky you youre wearing a skirt worst comes to worst you could probably just squat somewhere” she joked. Haha yeeeeeah It actually didn’t seem like to bad an idea at the time. But being next to all these people and my friends right next to me there was no way I could get away with it. Peeeeew BANG! Waaah I shrieked out feeling pee shoot out of me, My hands shot to my crotch in reaction the the leak from the loud noise. Thankfully it was dark out because my face was bright red in embarrassment, “Yay the fireworks are finally starting” Fatih exclames, all of a sudden fireworks started shooting over the lake. Everyone was watching clapping and cheering as bright reds, blues, and greens. The entire time the fireworks were going off I sat there holding myself and shaking, Oh wooow how pretty, gotta pee gotta pee was a constant thought in my mind, all of a sudden an idea creeps into my mind.

What if I change my position while everyone is distracted and let a little bit out into the grass through my panties, as long as i’m careful I should be able to pee through my panties and miss my skirt so that nobody would realize. Trying to be as normal as possible I went ahead and moved my skirt aside and sat on my knees hoping to god no one was watching me from behind. Once I got into position I took a deep breath and tried to slowly let a couple squirts out. I couldn’t help gasp once the first squirt came out and thankfully due to the loud fireworks I don’t think anybody heard me.

Feeling super desperate from that squirt i let out, letting out the next squirt was super easy and it took an insane amount of willpower to stop it. Crouching over I manage to stop myself but I can feel how wet my panties are through the fabric. With that little bit of relief I got I was able to keep watching the fireworks till the end. As soon as the finale ended everyone around us cheered and clapped, “Aw those were beautiful” Faith said clapping. “You got that right” jake responded, “what do you two think?”

“I thought it was pretty Faith” yeah me too” ashley commented getting up and stretching. “Annnnnd now we have to get through all these people and walk back to the car” zack sighed. It’s quite a walk but may as well start walking”

“Here take my hand” Ashley offers to me helping me up, getting up I fix my skirt cringing as I feel wetness on my leg. I pretend to stretch and wipe away a little pee off my leg (not the cleanest thing I’ve ever done but oh well) As we start walking back through crowds of people heading to the car Ashley whispers in my ear “god i'm about to pee myself here how do you feel?”

“Ah well truthfully I leaked a little during the fireworks” I admitted shuffling my legs. Ashley gigged, “makes sense I saw you tense up and reposition yourself, could of swore something happened to you.” Blushing I respond “yeah it relieved some of the pressure but I still really need to go, and these stupid slow crowds aren't helping.”

“Yeah not to mention we would have a thirty minute drive home” ashley trailed off, “tell you what how about we go pee before we go home, better here than in the car right?”

“Yes please” I practically begged her, doing a slight pee dance on the spot. “Hey Faith Val here really needs to use the potty, so i’m going to take her to the bathrooms while you three head to the car.” I feel the entire group turn and look at me, me legs crossed, one hand nearly holding myself, and all the while blushing like there is no tomorrow. “Okay well don’t pee yourself” Faith jokes, “yeah don’t dilly dally” Jake adds, “we will be waiting for you.” Before I can even try to defend myself from Ash’s teasing she pulls me away from the group and into a different direction. “Oi hey that’s my arm you’re ripping off,”

“and why couldn't you say you needed to use the bathroom?” I scowl. “Well well last I checked i’m not the one with wet panties right now am I?”

“Oh my God Ash not so loud people can hear you!”

“Oh what you don’t want people to know that you wet yourself a little?” Speaking loud enough for people to hear. Getting flustered I see people that we were walking past giving me looks, “Ahhhhhh” I mentally scream pushing Ashley in hopes she would move faster and shut her mouth. “Wow look at that line” Ashley sighs “oh my god we will have to wait forever if we wait here” I moan. Frantically I shift my legs back and forth doing my best to not hold myself in front of all these people, “well I guess we a have to wait val” gotta pee gotta pee I think to myself as we sat in line, after waiting for three people to go in and out Ash turns and says to me, “Hey so all teasing aside I don’t think I can wait for four more people” Looking her up and down I notice that she had started to hold herself and was slightly hunched over. I guess she’s done hiding the fact that she’s about to wet herself I think as my hand subconsciously goes to my crotch.

“Ugh screw this come with me Val”, Ashley says “um but the bathrooms” I cry back. “Just come on I don’t have much time” Ash demands. “Whyyyy” I complain as we give up our spots for the bathroom’s, “where are we going Ash” I whine while she leads me backwards through the crowds. She pushes me down a path and away from prying eyes,”okay this should be far enough” finally stopping behind what looked to be a tool shed.

“Asssssh why are we here” I moan, although in my mind I have a very good idea why we are here. “Okay hear me out for a second, why don’t we just pee here?” Ashley wildly smiles and quickly looks around. “Wait what are you…” I trail off as Ashley who’s got one hand holding herself attempts to pull her pants down. My mind goes blank as I hear he muttering to herself “ohmygod gotta pee, please don’t pee.” I stand perfectly still forgetting about how bad I need to pee at the moment and just watch the show in front of me unfold, “Ah it’s coming out” I hear her moan, still struggling with her pants I see a wet spot appear on the back of her light blue jeans, “Oh jesus Val” don’t look she cries out finally ripping her pants and panties down in one swoop, I can't help but stare mouth wide open as the stream of urine shoots out of her and starts splashing on the ground.

Oh thank god she replies to no one eyes closed I can only imagine the relief she is feeling. Hearing the sound of her peeing my own need bounces back and I crunch over and hold myself, still keeping my eyes on the girl in front of me. Staring at her body I feel myself get a little excited from watching her just feet away from me just losing it in ecstasy. My bladder throbs and I let a squirt out on accident, gasping I clench my muscles in attempt to stop it all from escaping into my panties and on to the ground. Looking back up I see Ashley’s cold stare back at me,”I thought I told you not to watch me” she smiles as she finishes peeing. “Haha yeah about that” I blush looking away, “sooo sorry about that” I giggle. Sighing she gets up and I see her pull her wet panties and pants up. “Wow that sure did feel good though” she laughed inspecting herself, “My panties took a hit but a saved most of my pants” Looking over at me “now now I’m surprised you haven’t peed yourself yet.”

“Yeah I held it all in while you were letting loose but I was so shocked that you all of a sudden just started peeing” I lied. Well you may as well just go you’re bound to pee yourself if you don’t just let it out, I do a little dance in place and agree. “Okay turn around ima go” I ask while still holding myself and hopping on the spot. “Yeah right you’re going to pee yourself right where I can see you” Ashley replies smirking. “You saw me pee so I should get to see you pee yourself too.” but bu- I tried complaining “Nope no excuses,”

“In fact Because I know your panties are super wet already, so you should just pee through them”

“they’re not that wet” I mumble even though I can feel that dampness on my crotch. Hmph prove it then Ashley replies, If your panties aren’t wet I’ll not watch, but if they are wet i get to watch. “Like I would let you see my panties in public”, crossing my arms to show how confident I was in my decision. All of a sudden Ashley leaps forward with speed that I had no idea was coming, “Gotcha!” Before I can react Ashley grabs at my panties under my skirt “Eeeek” I let out a girlish scream and try and jump back, but with her other hand she grabs my back and pulls me back to her. “Your panties are SO WET!”

“No wonder I had to pee so much more than you did.” Flustered I try and escape but with one of my hands holding myself and the other being held by Ash I couldn’t move much, “Ash please I’m gonna wet myself if you don’t let me go!”

“Good the little baby with the wet panties should wet herself” Ashamedly I felt my body getting pretty excited from being forced to be still before wetting myself. “Hehe Vaaaaleri you wouldn’t by any chance be ticklish would you?”

“Oh god please no Ash anything but that” I quickly respond back. I feel her dangerously move her fingers down my side, “ASH! Come on not funny at all” I giggle instinctively. “Okay okay I’ll let you go but you better pull that skirt up so I can see you wet yourself, understood?”

“Fine fine I give in, just let go of me please before I wet myself.” Letting me go I stumble forward and feel myself start to leak, freaking out I do my best to stem the leak. “Excuse me missy less holding more wetting” Ash said getting impatient, not wanting to get ticked or anything worse that she may be capable of I stop holding myself and wince when I feel the leak slowly start coming out of me. “Ah much better now let’s hurry up before you completely wet that pretty little skirt of yours.” God talk about sadistic I think to myself as I slowly lift my skirt up, “Oh my are you peeing yourself as we speak”

Ashley questions noticing the slow constant stream of pee that started coming down my legs. “Oh my god you really are!” Ashley laughs getting closer to me, Blushing super hard I completely expose myself to her and look away to embarrassed to even look at her face. “Aw to bad such pretty panties got so wet, poor things they’re practically see through at this point” Gasping I feel her touch my wet panties and I let out a soft moan, “Hehe time to finish this up” she whispers. Looking down in fear I see her slam her hand into my bladder “Ugh” I grunt, my slow little stream instantly turning into a torrent of piss that forced my legs to buckle.

“Oh my…” Ashley laughs moving back to stop herself from getting any pee on her. I try and stay standing all the while feeling myself getting dizzy from the amount of pleasure that hit me all at one time. Not being able to stop it I give in to the relief holding my skirt up for Ashley’s viewing pleasure and moaning in bliss. I may eye contact with Ashley and blush turning away. Awww you’re so cute when you're embarrassed Ashley giggles. I don’t even respond as I finish up peeing my panties, letting my skirt down I relax against the building wall we were hiding behind. “Ya know those panties looked better wet than dry I bet” I sigh and roll my eyes, “you didn't have to force me to wet myself, I was just about to lose it anyways.” Yeah I know but my way was so much fun for me Ashley responded laughing. Alrighty let's get back to the others before they wonder where we went I say standing up, “good idea but one last thing val”

“what now” I ask noticing her devious smile. “Oh nothing much just with how wet your panties are now won’t your skirt get wet if you sit on them like that?”

“well I didn’t think about that, but yeah I guess it would get wet if I’m not careful”

“And you wouldn’t want to get Faith’s car seat wet or even worse have them find out you wet yourself right?” I did not like where this was going, “what are you suggesting Ash?” Look I've got my bag here just give me your panties she asks giving me a huge smile. My my panties...? I stutter, “You don’t want anyone finding out about your predicament do you?”

“Think of this as payment for seeing me half naked earlier.” I think I’m in a little over my head I think to myself as she waits for my answer.

*005*2018-07-14 19:35

{{14 hours ago, littlewolfpup said:

Literally no words, literally no thoughts.

}}

Ah thanks, hopefully good thoughts and good words i assume ^_^

*008*2018-07-21 00:16

{{11 hours ago, fgera said:

Great story but I think it should be moved to fiction and fanfiction

}}

While some of the details are a little more excessive to make it more enjoyable to read, most of what I type did happen. whether it gets moved or not doesn't bother me though I just figured it made more sense to put it here.

###

Like I mentioned before no omorashi in this part, just kind of the end of my night and a finisher to the last part I posted. Still I hope you enjoy ^_^

###

“So what’s it gonna be hun?”

“Are you gonna give me those panties of yours or not?”

My mind was fluttering, was I really about to give this girl my wet panties? My body was getting hot from the idea of just giving up my panties to her without question. I mean it’s not like she will see anything, and I did see her half naked we were practically best friends at that point right?

“Well Fine, but only and I’m serious Ashley, Only if you promise that this stays between us okay?”

“Deal, I won’t say anything and you won’t have to worry about anyone finding out about your little incident.”

“Oh by the way take some of these to wipe yourself up I always come prepared” Ashley smiles handing me some napkins

“What kind of magical bag is that” I mumble to myself as I wipe my legs off, “aww I got some pee on my socks.”

“You wouldn’t by any chance have any socks in that bag would you?”

“Ha you’re not gonna get that lucky, now panties and hand them to me with a napkin would you. I’d rather not get pee in my bag ya know.”

Reaching my hands under my skirt I grab my panties and start pulling them down, feeling a cold breeze reach my still wet crotch I blush. Being very careful I make sure to not expose myself while pulling the panties off.

Taking one of the napkins I wipe my legs again and do my best to clean up as much as I can.

“Okay here you are one pair of wet panties wrapped in a napkin.”

Perfect I’ll take that Faith giggles putting my panties into her bag, “Don’t worry these will be safe with me val.

Feeling exposed and slightly excited I instinctively turn around and make sure that you can’t see anything. Even though I already know that nothing has changed and that I am just self conscious now. And even though I’ve been in public with no panties on before those times nobody knew I had nothing on underneath, and even if they did find out I didn’t know them.

“Don’t go getting all shy on me know Val” Ashley yells over to me as she leaves.

“He-Hey wait up.”

Running over Ashley is just casually walking back on her phone acting like nothing happened. How can she be so calm? I guess it helps that she has panties and didn't really wet herself earlier, but still I trail off in my head. I notice my hands sticking to the side of my skirt awkwardly to make sure that nothing happens to it, trying to seem as casual as Ashley. I reluctantly cross my arms over my chest and catch up to her.

“Phew it’s pretty late huh?”

“What time is it” I ask

“It’s past twelve silly girl, turns out our little adventure took longer than we thought.”

“Oh no I hope everyone didn't have to wait long” I worriedly reply back.

“I don’t think that will be a problem.” A sly smile appears on Ashley’s face.

In the last few hours that I’ve known Ashley that smile has come back to haunt me, but I was still kinda excited for what she had in store. Most of the people that had came for the fireworks had left already, and the only real people left were closing down the stands and cleaning everything up.

“Hey val, what do you think those people would do if they found out you didn’t have any panties on?”

Oh stop with the teasing Ash I laugh, still pushing my skirt down just in case. “In all seriousness though probably not much.”

“They would most likely stare at me in surprise, maybe whistle.”

“It’s pretty dark out now they would think it’s a trick of the light if anything.”

“Wow val sounds like this isn’t the first time you went out with no panties on.” Ashley laughs poking at me.

Quickly responding I lie, “What?”

“No way I would ever do that, no panties while wearing a skirt it would be way to humiliating if anyone found out.”

“Uh huh whatever you say you prude” Ashley replies

“I’m not a prude!”

“I gave you my panties didn't I?”

“That should be more than enough to prove that, not to mention I don’t mind going out without a bra on.” I say proudly.

“Yes yes, you’re right.”

“A prude wouldn’t have watched me pee or allowed me to take her panties after she peed herself in them,” I never should of doubted you Ashley sarcastically laughed.

After what felt like ten minutes we walked out of the park and headed toward where Faith parked.

“Hey just saying I told Faith to go ahead and take the guys home, and to come pick us up after.” Ashley said to me. “So it’s just you and me” she teased pausing before each word to add emphasis.

Looking over at her I blush from the look that she gives me, “Why did you say it like that I ask blushing harder.

“Hehe I just love how you look when you blush, and it’s so easy to tease you.” Ashley sticks her tounge out at me.

“You’re such a butt” I complain, “but I guess you’re not that bad Ash“

“Ha you don’t get an option to complain I have your panties and it’s incredible easy to hold you down.”

“You caught me by surprise last time Ashley, that's the only reason.” I taunt.

She shoots me a menacing look, would you like me to give you another taste of what I’ve got?

Gulping I realize that maybe I’m slightly out of my league here, I back up slowly and trip over my own two feet. Yelping I fall backwards and reach my arm out to try and catch myself, missing my butt smacks the ground and I let out a groan “owowow”

Bhhehahahah Ashley bursts out laughing. Almost tearing up she doesn't stop laughing and says to me “wow you’re the most clumsy person I have ever met”

“Ooh and you’re giving me quite the view right now”

Gasping I close my legs noticing that they were wide open exposing my inner thighs and maybe more. “Oh my god you didn’t see anything did you?”

“Now now calm down little one, Don’t worry I didn’t see any of your special place” Ashley responds still giggling from before.

Getting up I rub my bottom. “Ugh that's gonna bruise I bet.”

“Don’t be such a child” Ashley teases me, “if it hurts so bad let me see it” Reaching over at my skirt Ashley attempts to lift it up

Quickly smacking her hand away I run away, “Hey you get back here” Ashley yells starting to chase me.

Looking behind me I see her following me through the little forested area that we were running through. I could feel my skirt flying up while I was running but I didn’t care, honestly It was exhilarating my heart was beating super fast as I hide behind a tree.

“Come out come out wherever you are” I hear Ashley taunt.

I do my best to stand still and keep an eye on where Ashley is looking, she goes quiet and I peek my head around my tree.

“Gotchu!” Ashley yells coming from the other side of the tree I was hiding behind

Yelping I try to move back, but her iron grip holds my arm

“You’re mine now Valeri” Ashley smiles” Now let’s see what I should do to you” You said you were ticklish right?

Before I could beg for mercy Ashley’s phone goes off. You got lucky this time she says as she answers her phone letting me go.

I catch my breath and back away just in case, smiling I look over at Ashley and think back to when she was desperate and think lewd thoughts. She is pretty attractive I think to myself and she was very open to peeing in the open, not to mention taking my panties was kinda exhilarating.

Ashley interrupts my thoughts by saying “Hey val, Faith is almost back let's go”

Pouting slightly I sigh and start heading back to where we parked. Ashley and I didn’t talk to much on the way back and found Faith sitting in her car waiting for us. Ashley opens the rear passenger door for me and I get in, She follows me in sitting next to me in the back.

“Sorry for making you two wait so long” Faith apologizes.

“It’s okay” Ashley replies “we had fun waiting anyway.”

That's good, and Valeri did you have fun today?

“I did thanks for asking Faith, I am a little tired though”

“Don’t worry we are heading home now, and Ashley is spending the night tonight because it’s so late” Faith responds to me.

“It’ll be like a sleep over” Ashley laughs patting me on the head.

My eyes go wide and lewd thoughts enter my mind, shaking the thoughts of lewdness out of my mind I smile and respond “that’s sounds great”

“Great huh?” Ashley whispers in my ear, “don’t think that now because Faith is here that you are safe.”

“I still owe you that punishment from earlier”

Biting my lip I look out the window, Is she trying to get me flustered I think to myself. I’ve only known her for half a day at most...Yet for some reason everything she does gets to me, maybe I’m just way to lewd I giggle to myself. Oh well I’m just over thinking all this. Anyway it is kinda my fault I kinda started the lewd moments. Relaxing I lean against the window and wait till we get home.

Opon getting back to the apartment, we all got out of the car and headed upstairs. I casually waited to be the last person to go up the stairs, didn’t want to give Faith or Ashley a show on accident.

“Ah thank goodness home sweet home” Faith exclaimed walking inside

So where shall I stay tonight? Ashley questioned.

“Well I just kinda assumed the couch to be honest” Faith laughed. “Unless Valeri is willing to give up her bed.”

“Nah it’s okay I’m not gonna make anyone give up their beds” Ash replied.

“Alrighty well you two have a good night because I’m going to sleep, I’m tired” Faith said walking into her room.

Ashley looks over at me, “uh ima go shower if you want when I’m done you can shower too.”

“I know things were messy today” I smile.

“Sure thing have fun” Ashley responded sitting on our couch.

I quickly hop into the bathroom and turn on the shower, cleaning off my body with the hot water and making myself feel clean again. I take about fifteen minutes enjoying every bit of my shower that I can, feeling myself up and thinking about how the day went. Lewdly I grope myself a little in the shower moaning quietly under my breath, I was quite excited and needed a slight release. Not wanting to take to long I don’t play around to long and, once I felt satisfied enough I grabbed my towel and cleaned myself off. Putting my towel down I grab for my clothes… “Wait where are my clothes?”

“Assssssh” I growl, she must of came into my shower and took my clothes while I wasn’t paying attention. Positioning my towel I made it so that my chest and crotch were covered, thank god my chest isn’t very big, this towel almost doesn't cover me completely. Peaking my head out the door I don’t see Ashley standing anywhere, I quickly move for my door and jostle the handle.

Why is it not opening I mentally panic, did I lock it before I left on accident? All of a sudden the door opens.

“Hello beautiful where are your clothes?” Asks Ashley coming from my room.

“I think you would know” I blush covering myself even though my towel was already doing that.

“Hmph I have no idea what you’re talking about, now if you'll excuse me I could use that towel to shower.”

Making a grab for my towel, I instinctively dodge and slip by her into my room. Like a ninja I push her and shut my door.

“Wow impressive, so you’re cute and quick, good to know” Ashley laughs through my door.

I wait till I hear my shower turn on again before I feel relaxed enough to take my towel off and finish drying off my hair. Grabbing my signature sleepwear (long dress like shirt and a pair of blue striped panties) Hanging my towel up I leave my room and grab an extra towel from the closet, I doubt Ashley knew where all the towels were so I will probably have to give her one when she gets out. Not knowing when she is going to get out I chill on the couch and play on my phone. After about fifteen minutes I hear the shower turn off, excitedly I hop up and make my way to the shower door.

“Knock, knock, knock, did you still need a towel Ash?” No reply came back

“Ashley helloooooo” still no answer

Hmm there is no way she didn’t hear me, and unless she’s a magician she’s still in the bathroom I think to myself. “Ashley I’m coming in” I say through the door.

Slowly turning the door handle I cautiously say “Faith I’ve got your towel.”

Peaking my head in the door I can’t see anything in the fogged up mirrors. Slowly pushing through I feel my heartbeat increase in anticipation unsure of what is going to happen.

I see the shower curtain open a little and Ashley’s face poke out bright red.

Not used to seeing her with such a shy demeanor I ask “did you need a towel?”

Still blushing she responds “yeah I thought you would have some towels in here like normal people.”

“Hehe yeah we don’t have any in here, sorry about that.” I take the towel and put it just out of her reach.

“Why so shy all of a sudden?” I ask teasing Ashley

“Well I’m completely naked obviously I’m embarrassed”

“Remember I’ve already kinda seen you half naked” I winked laughing at how the roles have switched.

“Oh please it was so dark and I had squatted down you barely saw anything” Ashley mutterd.

Thinking about it she wasn't wrong, I had been mostly focused on her stream and face not really her body during that time.

“Okay but that doesn't change the fact that you took my panties and tried to take my towel earlier.”

Ashley smiles “well of course I did all that, who wouldn’t do that if they had the opportunity.”

“see look at yourself you are doing the same things to me that I was doing to you.

Unconvinced I tell her “hey I could leave with the towel and make you come and get it in the living room”

“Listen how about this I’ll give you back your panties and you just give me back the towel”

I take my time pretending to think “oh woooow seems like an unfair trade” I tease starting to walk out of the bathroom.”

“Wwaa whait wait”, Ashley stumbles over her words as I stop and turn back around.

“Okay better deal how about this, I give you back your panties and… She gulps you can take mine next time.”

I walk back and give her the towel “sounds good to me” I smile, “buuut I'm going to take these panties as well.” Picking up her white panties and sticking my tongue out at her.

Looking back at her I see her pouting wrapping herself in the towel.

As she steps out of the shower I notice her curved form through the towel and kinda regret not taking the towel and keeping it from her.

Leaving the bathroom I get Ashley a couple of minutes to change into something more appropriate, I sit on the couch and wait for her to get out.

Ashley walks out wearing just a white t-shirt and pajama pants, walking over to her bag she reaches in and pulls out my panties, blushing she hands them to me and sits down next to me.

“Soooooo how’s it feel to have your panties taken from you?”

“Humiliating” Ash responds, but I see a slight smile form on the side of her face.

We just sat on the couch awkwardly for a few minutes thinking over everything that happened today.

“Well I had fun today” I say finally

“Yeah me too” Ashley quietly replied

“It is pretty late, are you going to be okay on the couch?” I ask.

“It actually won’t be to bad, I’m pretty tired so i’ll pass out real fast i’m sure” Ashley replied smiling.

I took a moment and watched Ash, noticing her cute little features I hadn't noticed before. Like how wide her blue eyes are, and her cute almost innocent looking smile that she has.

Whaaa what I’m I thinking? I don’t even know her, I’m just still excited from seeing her desperate earlier that's all I try and reason with myself. Blushing for no reason I calm myself down and bring my legs up to my chest. Looking over at Ashley I notice that she had started to doze off and was laying down next to me.

“I guess she was pretty tired” trying to be careful I move my body off the couch and get off while trying not to wake her up. Grabbing a blanket I drape it over Ashley and leave her to her dreams.

“Yaaaaawn” I was pretty tired myself to much activity for me in one day.

“I think Tonight is a no clothes night” I say to myself as I remove my clothes, Striping to the nude I take the still wet panties that I got back from Ashley and throw them into the hamper while taking her fresh pair that she had and put them on my dresser so to not lose them.

I turn off the light and hop into my sheets, pushing my cat to the other side of the bed in the process.

Closing my eyes, my hands automatically move themselves rubbing the sides of my body. My body still in heat from the entire day. Letting my hands slide down me I let myself think of how beautiful Ashley was while she was desperate and squirming. Biting my lip I remember how she watched as I let loose in my panties while she was standing right in front of me. Etching that scene in my mind in hopes to never forget it I let a soft moan out, feeling my hands find a sensitive part of my body. Lewd thoughts enter my mind, thoughts like What if Ashley did take my towel earlier? Would she have actually taken the towel? What would she do if I was naked in front of her, completely defenceless?

My mind was racing and my body was excited, moaning out loud I give in and let my hands play with my clit. Feeling how wet I was I blush “why am I so excited?” I pant out loud, to many lewd thoughts clouding my brain all I wanted was release. Moving one of my hands to my chest I pinch my hard nipples and gasp from the sensation of pleasure that hits me, Moving my hand I cover my mouth in surprise and smile.

Letting my hands work my body I move my hips in rhythm with my hands, letting my moans get louder and louder I feel myself getting to the edge. Removing my hands I let myself edge, panting from the pleasure that I had been giving myself.

Not wanting to lose the feeling of bliss I quickly move my hands back to my clit and reposition myself to allow myself full access to my body’s weak spots. Almost instantly I feel myself edging again, but this time I allow myself to give in to the pleasure and my body convulses hard.

I do my best to bite my lip shut and hold back the moaning but the pleasure forces sound out of my mouth and I let out a loud unmistakable moan into the darkness that was my room.

Gasping for air I turn myself over and squish my face into my pillow, “God that was hot” I think to myself satisfied from my touching. Yawning I let myself fall asleep not caring to even try to clean myself up.

