BBQ in the Park

Author: LizJWetting

*000*2022-01-03 15:12

So I've recently been thinking about some of my previous experiences and taking the time two write some stuff up. This one is from when I was aged about 22, I went with a few friends and my boyfriend to a barbeque in a local park and I ended up getting very desperate.

We all arrived at around 5pm on a pleasant summer’s evening, warm but not too hot. I think I was wearing a t-shirt and a denim skirt. People had brought both alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks, and since it was warm everybody was drinking quite a bit, eventually creating predictable results. The actual barbeque went well, we had the usual overcooked sausages and burgers etc., and everyone seemed to be having a good time.

After a couple of hours, some of the guys went to pee over in the corner of the park behind some trees, naturally the girls didn’t join them, there wasn't really a lot of cover there. At one point a few of the women headed off away into the town to find some public toilets, I also needed to go at this time but for some reason felt shy about mentioning it at the time, so I ended up not going. Never mind, the urge was fairly minor and I could ignore it, I’d just go later.

About an hour or so later it was 8pm and I was now starting to feel pretty desperate. Someone had brought a football and suggested a quick game, I joined in for a bit but running around was not good for my full bladder so after a while I decided to just sit and watch. I felt awkward about being the one to blurt out to everybody about needing a wee, so I was hoping that one of the other women might say something and I would just join her. However none of them mentioned it, either they didn’t need to go after having gone earlier, or they were also just waiting for someone else to say something. I would just have to keep waiting but it by now was getting more uncomfortable.

By around 9:30pm people were starting to get ready to leave, I was really desperate by this point and was wishing I’d just taken a chance to go earlier, I’m not sure why I hadn’t. As I was getting in my boyfriend’s car I mentioned to him that I desperately needed a wee, and he seemed surprised that I hadn’t gone earlier. “Can you wait until we get back?”

“Yeah, I’ll be fine” I said even though I wasn’t entirely sure if that was true. My bladder was begging for relief and it was hard to think about anything else. It must have taken about half an hour to get back, but felt like much longer than that.

By the time we were close to getting to his place I was fidgeting constantly in the seat and occasionally even having to hold myself. I hadn’t peed since leaving home at around 4pm and it was now past 10pm, and I’d had quite a lot of fluids to drink during that time. I knew that I was getting close to losing control, but really didn’t want to pee my pants on my boyfriend’s car seat, especially as he didn’t know about my fetish, so I’d just have to do all I could to hold it in. Each minute felt like an hour but eventually we got there.

Fortunately I’d managed to keep my dignity intact and my knickers were still dry, and I basically just jumped out of the car, ran inside and straight to the loo, ripped everything down and finally let out a much needed pee. The flow seemed to on and on, and the relief felt amazing.

*003*2022-01-04 17:56

{{7 hours ago, holdit247 said:

I've asked my GF about this general topic as she was a teenager who would drink in parks with friends, and sadly she brushed it off as completely normal to have a 'wild wee' so no desperation stories to relate.

}}

Well I don't mind going outdoors too, just not in a public park without suitable places to hide and with people around.

*011*2022-01-08 11:23

{{12 hours ago, wettingman said:

Your story is really arousing. I really loved it . I have one question. Did your BF notice you struggling , squirming and even holding yourself ?

}}

Glad you liked it. Oh yeah he definitely noticed and I think he was a bit concerned about if I was ok, but during the journey we didn't find anywhere suitable to stop, so I just had to wait. It was one of those experiences that wasn't particularly arousing at the time it was happening, but I did find it hot when thinking about it later.

