Tried the Pstyle

Author: LilMiss

*000*2020-08-13 11:23

I tried one of those female urination devices recently out in the wild. This brand is called pStyle. I'd had one for a long time, but for some reason I never seem to have it when I wanted to try it, or should I say, needed to try it.

This time I brought it in my gear on a camping trip. When I got there, I was unloading my kit to put in my canoe, and I realized I was suddenly desperate to pee.

Oh shit. I looked around. I was on a narrow dirt road next to a lake, parked on a tiny road pullout. There weren't cars at that moment, but always could have been. On one side of the road was a steep hill and on the side by where my car was stopped, it dropped down into the lake. So it wasn't like I could find a bush to go behind, and I panicked as I wondered what to do. I was planning to climb the few feet down and get in my boat in a little bit and knew I would be wet anyway soon if I didn't squat quickly. But people might see me before then because I was still prepping and loading the boat.

But oh god I had to clench my legs together suddenly. My hands were full and I froze. A little drop or two of pee came out but I think it was held inside my lips and didn't go down to my undies. And miracle of miracles, it stopped!

Keeping my thighs together, I turned and set the load down. I was desperate and didn't have other options. Then I remembered! I had that device in the car this time. I reached my hand to where I thought it was, and yes!

I took it out and unzipped my pants. They were a simple brown pair of cargo capris, and my underwear was a light blue quick dry fabric in a hipster style. I pulled them both down a bit in the front and put the device between my legs and slid it back. This meant having to stop clenching my legs together and instead spread them out slightly. Eep! Felt a drop start. Quickly turned away from the back of my car so as not to pee on it.

I let go, or rather, my bladder let go fully, possibly before I felt mentally ready. The pee started trickling out. And I didn't feel anything in my clothing, except saw the stream of pee coming out from in front of me and hitting the dirt ground.

Then "learning to be a boy 101" kick in. It was getting splashed back on my legs! I've never had to take into consideration the height of my pee before! I guess I didn't really think much about it. So I quickly turned my body a little to the right where there was a tuft of grass growing out of the edge of the road and the backsplash stopped. Whew!

When I finished I let it drip for a second. Then I pulled it out from between my legs, feeling a few drops soak into my undies. You know, to get that little naughty feeling, and without something to wipe with. Not that I looked.

I was on a real high after that for a while!

*002*2020-08-14 18:16

{{9 hours ago, Bull said:

Wow that sounds like an amazing experience, I hope you get to use again soon too

}}

I used it the whole rest of my trip and had a strange 2 days of mishaps in the middle that I'm hoping to write about here very soon!

