Wettings from when I was younger

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-02-09 23:29

So I have said before how I think the amount of times I had accidents as a kid is what caused my kink. I was thinking about this today (during online classes -_-) and I decided I would share some accidents from when I was quite a bit younger! just for a visual I was a super skinny little kid haha with mousy hair.

When I was about 12 we lived in a different house and there was a garage with a studio above it that my mum worked in, sometimes me and my sister (and step brother sometimes) would all 'camp' out in it and watch movies. I had this awesome star wars chewbacca onesie with a zip that went down the front. My sister and step brother where always super obsessed with that movie Rio about the birds and decided to watch that one night.

I decided to go to sleep instead as I was sick of the movie at that point. The bathroom for this studio place was down the stairs, through a locked door to the back garden, through the garage door, through the garage, and through the bathroom door. It was a long scary walk I didn't want to do by myself so despite needing to pee I decided to just sleep. (you can see where I went wrong) I woke up at like 3 in the morning and was really desperate. I had to summon the courage to make the walk as well even though I was already on the verge of wetting myself. (again I have a really weak bladder) I grabbed the keys and started going down the stairs but started fidgeting a lot when I tried to put the key in the door.

I ended up making it all the way to the bathroom door in the dark and cold. I got into the bathroom and closed the door but at this point the desperation had got to me and I started to pee in my onesie. I tried to unzip it in a hurry and succeeded but I could already feel the pee running down my legs. I sat on the toilet shaking and crying whoops (Again I was quite young) I never told anyone about it. The worst part was the fur on the chewbacca onesie was damp and in the morning was sticky and gross as I had slept in the wet onesie cuz there wasn't any more clothes. whoops.

There was another time at Christmas one year and we where all at the table and I started to really need to pee. I was a bit younger then the last story so probably about 9 or 10. I didn't want to get up from the table without asking permission but everyone was having a conversation together and I didn't want to interrupt. I ended up holding myself and squirming which caught my mums eye and, since I had a history of accidents, she told me to run to the toilet. I ended up running to the toilet up the stairs but as soon as that door was closed it just started coming out. I locked the door and I was just about to open the toilet lid when I started to cry. I ended up giving up and just stood there looking at the toilet and wetting myself. I had to go downstairs and show my mum as well which now that I think about it is super embarrassing.

Another accident I had was when I was about 14. I was late for my swimming lesson on the Wednesday after school and didnt get a chance to pee before leaving school. I remember being scared I was going to wet myself in the car but we ended up making it to the swimming place. My mum left me to get changed not knowing how desperate I was. I was really late for the lesson so I rushed to get changed before going to the toilet. After I had taken my top half of clothes off I remember thinking about putting them back on to rush out to the toilet but I was already topless. I was getting very frantic and had gotten completely naked and started looking for my swimming costume in my bag when a spurt of pee just came out of nowhere and went onto the floor. I didn't know if i should have put my normal clothes back on or keep looking for my costume. I ended up throwing my bag in anger and started to put my normal clothes on.

I had only just got the panties on when I peed again. I did stop it quite quickly but at this point I was just a shaky mess holding myself. I got my tshirt on and ran out of my changing cubicle to the toilets. On the way to the toilet I kept letting small spurts out until I got into the bathroom and it just came erupting out the second before I pulled down my underwear and sat on the toilet. I ended up crying to myself wearing nothing but a top and light blue wet underwear. (I didn't do that lesson in the end XD I went up to my mum and asked to go home) Also It's not omo related but one time I somehow forgot to take my socks off when I got changed and before anyone noticed it was already too late because I had jumped into the pool! twas funny.

Oh this doesn't count as a story but I used to not pee in the shower ever so I would end up forgetting to pee before the shower and then (because showers really make me need to pee for some reason) I would end up trying to finish my shower before jumping the the toilet but a lot of the times I ended up overestimating how long I could hold and would accidentally start peeing and would dash out of the shower (peeing all over my legs on the way) and sitting on the toilet. For some reason younger me decided that peeing in the shower is wrong -_- i was dumb

Anyway I'm pretty sure that wraps up most of my interesting experiences sadly enough I have like two more but ima save them for now haha. I kinda wanna start writing omo stories anyway :)) I might try and make a decision game if people are interested in playing along? :)))

