The lodger

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-11-25 01:12

The lodger

When I was at university my parents had a house guest come to live for a while. He was a friend of my dad’s brother who lived in London. The guy was in his late thirties, he had scoliosis and he was a London taxi driver! He hated London and wanted to try start a fresh life in Scotland and my parents wanted to give him a chance to earn money so he could then rent a house. He worked a lot but when around he seemed pretty friendly, relaxed and funny.

One Friday I was home as I had no lectures that day so I had come home for a long weekend. By now only my younger brother still lived at home full time though my sister came home at weekends too.

Phil (the lodger) was happy to help everyone out, especially as my parents had no car, so this morning he had given my brother a lift to school while I was still in bed. The first I heard was when he came back into the house about 9:15 and I heard him chap on the bathroom door. We only had one bathroom and it was clearly in use. Next thing I knew Phil chapped my own bedroom door and after a quick ‘come in’ he walked in quickly and without even bothering with the fact I was still in bed he asked me if I knew who was in the bathroom.

I had no idea but guessed it could be my mum who often had a bath after we all left for school. Phil walked over to my window, opened my curtains a bit as if wanting to look out then turned and looked at me. I could see he seemed a bit sweaty, agitated and he had his legs crossed. He obviously wanted to use the bathroom but I wasn’t sure if he needed to empty his bladder or bowels or both. He moaned and said he had to piss pretty bad and could he wait in my room as he didn’t want anyone else to see.

I sat up in bed and assured him that was fine and suggested he close the door as the bathroom was next door and he would hear when my mum (or whoever was in) would be out. I told him I had just woken up and needed to pee myself so I too hoped the loo would be free soon.

Phil looked back out of my window having heard this and proceeded to bounce on the back of his feet. He then put one leg behind him and rocked back and forth. He was essentially pee dancing in my room right in front of me openly really needing a pee (as was I by now) and I was mesmerised by him. He wasn’t shy in any way and as he had quite significant scoliosis I was aware that he had an oxygen machine for through the night. As both my sister and I were home for the weekend he was sleeping in the lounge. He started telling me how he had woken up with such a dry mouth from the oxygen mask that he made himself a coffee.

As he was about to go do his first morning piss he found my sister in the shower so he had to wait. He then had a second coffee which my mum made him with some toast. He has still not had a pee yet. He was about to go when my dad asked if he would drive my brother to school since he was running late. He figured it was a five minute drive there and five minutes back so he would hold and pee the minute he got back and the morning bathroom rush was over. As he has said all this he continued jigging around looking out the window, now with one hand also in his pocket.

Watching him and hearing all this was arousing me so badly. Combined with my own growing need to empty my own bladder it felt like my whole body was on fire. It’s one of the only times I can actually recall being so horny I was dying to masterbate in front of someone! Of course I couldn’t but my breasts were so tingly and tender and my nipples erect and hard. My vaginal lips had swollen and parted and my urethra was thumping against my cotton knickers. I only had a cotton nighty on and I was acutely aware of how my hard nipples were obvious through the nighty, though Phil seemed far too engrossed in his own battle to notice.

I still had my duvet on so I slipped my hand under the duvet, under my night clothes and gave myself a rub through my knickers. That sent waves right through me of intense need and desire. I was actually more bursting to wee than I had realised! I quickly threw the duvet off my legs, swung them round to the side of the bed and crossed my legs tight.

Phil was now pacing my room.

‘Fuck sake I need a piss!’ He was muttering.

‘Me too!’ I said.

He came and sat on my bed beside me, undid the belt on his jeans and his fly and used his hand to hold his penis through this boxers. I could see he was anything but flaccid down there as he rocked back and forth moaning.

‘I’d nip to the supermarket if I thought I could wait. But fuck I’d piss myself before I got there. How much longer can she bath for? I really need to go!’

‘Me too’ was all I could muster as the sight of him in that state was causing mucus to seep into my knickers which made my need to pee 100 times worse.

With my legs scissoring in and out revealing my light pink cotton knickers on show and one hand stroking myself I wondered how both of us would manage to walk to the loo when whoever was in finally left.

Still holding his penis through his boxers, with his jeans fly open and his belt undone Phil stood and walked back over to the window again. The garden was over looked on both sides but here he was now asking if I thought he could piss in our garden because he HAD to go. I said my mum surely had to be out soon and he ran the risk of being seen. He moaned loudly and he was starting to get very stressed and angry now.

‘For god’s sake this is fucking crazy! How bloody long does it take for a fucking bath? I fucking need to piss.’

He was jumping about like a little kid, stroking himself in a last ditch effort to keep his bladder from bursting.

‘Have you got a jug Mary? A bucket? Anything? Mmmmmmm, ahhhhhhh, grrrrrrrr, I’m gonna fucking piss myself any second.’

Except I couldn’t get him anything. I couldn’t move. If I stood up I would flood my floor without a doubt. My pants were noticeably wet now and so full of mucus. It was oozing out of my open pussy as I shook with such an intensity of urgent need to piss and being on the verge of an orgasm.

And right at that very moment we both heard the bathroom door unlock, the door open and someone walk to a neighbouring bedroom.

With his jeans held up with one hand and the other grasping at his penis through his damp boxers Phil ran to that bathroom with me right behind him one hand now inside my knickers with two fingers inside myself holding back my flow. Phil had no hands left to close the door so without him realising I ran in right behind him and while he slide his dripping half erect member out the leg hole of his boxers and let rip a hugely long, satisfying and loud pee I had jumped into the bath, closed the shower curtain, removed my wet pants and I crouched down and pissed in the bath a long, orgasmic and wonderfully relieving pee myself. As Phil moaned I had to hold back my own moans as I wasn’t sure he knew where I was. If he did he never said as after he had finished pissing, he pulled his jeans up, fastened his belt, flushed, washed his hands and left.

Meanwhile I finished my pee, brought myself to climax then had a shower.

Neither of us spoke about that morning ever again.

*002*2018-11-25 18:07

{{2 hours ago, daisyduke said:

This was amazing

}}

Thank you. It was a lot of years ago now but I remember everything about it!

*004*2018-11-29 23:49

{{5 hours ago, Ophelia23 said:

This is so hot omg

}}

Thank you. Glad you enjoyed

*006*2018-11-30 23:16

{{20 hours ago, desp-fan2013 said:

Thanks for posting, that was one hot story.

Do you normally wake up with such an incredible urge to pee that you have trouble holding it if the bathroom is not available or was your need caused by how aroused you were at the time or some combination of both?

}}

It all dependent on how much I have been drinking the night before, wether I have woken to pee during the night or how turned on I am. That particular morning being so aroused and thinking I wouldn’t have to wait for the lodger to go first was just too much for me.

Glad you enjoyed the story. It was a very sexy experience!

