Sneaky kitchen wettings in front of partner

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-08-10 19:16

I´m gonna share two stories about sneaky wettings. Could be inspiring for others maybe? I´ll start with the old one. It´s written half a year ago, but for some reason I never posted it then.

Me and my boyfriend were at my place. We had spent some nice time in bed, and were getting hungry. He went to the bathroom, and I felt that I also needed to pee. Not desperately, but I hadn´t been for a few hours and the bladder signalled a little. Then I had an idea. I thought that since we would be hanging around in the kitchen for a while, finally there was a good opportunity to do something hot that I had been thinking about. To casually pee my pants around him without telling. I had asked him before if it would be ok if I´d do that some time and he approved, but it was long ago, and he probably had forgotten about it by now.

I got a little excited as I put on my dark blue jeans and went out in the kitchen, and we started making the dinner. It took a while before I could get started. I was nervous, almost a little bit scared. He knew by now all too well how my face looked like when I was feeling naughty or excited. He even knew my concentrated wetting face. How could I go through with this without showing it? What a failure if he would realise what was going on even before anything was done. But I had to try.

It took a while until I finally managed to just let a tiny leak out, just enough for a spot in my underwear. The next one was a little bit easier, I could feel it trickle down my leg, but nothing showed.

We made out, he chopped vegetables, we hugged, I put some stuff in the oven and on the stove, we kissed, and we talked. And meanwhile I kept wetting myself just a little bit at a time. It really was a challenge. He did most of the talking, about everything from music making to how hard it is to make avocado seeds start growing, and I had to put a lot of effort to concentrate on what he said and not on what was happening in my pants, as I spurted, and felt the warmth and the wet patches growing in the crotch and down my legs. It was easiest to wet when I stirred in the pot and didn´t have to face him, but I also did it a little bit while we where kissing.

I was by now really excited, and could feel that I was acting tense, and didn´t respond much to all his talk, but he didn´t seem to notice. The jeans got heavier for every time I peed a little more in them, and it trickled all the way down the legs to my feet. I looked down and saw that some had been dripping down to the floor, just next to him. He was almost stepping into it, and I was sure he was going to see the small puddles. That would be the end of my sneaky adventure. But amazingly enough, he still didn´t notice.

Dinner was almost ready, we were just standing there waiting for the fried vegetables in the oven to finish. My pants were clearly pissed, but I still had more in me. When he hugged me he had his hand on my back, and a little bit down my butt, but not all the way down to feel the wetness, and he was standing too close to have a good view of my jeans, (dark colour and bad lighting also helped) .I was surprised he didn´t see anything when I turned the back against him to take something from the fridge. I could now even pick up the smell from the wet fabric.

The subject changed, we started talking about a wetting role-play scenario that I want to try. It was funny to look him in the eye and talk about how the embarrassing feeling of getting caught having an accident turns me on, in the very same moment that another pee stream he didn´t know about was running down my legs.

Everything was ready for bringing the food to the living room. So what now? I didn´t want to admit it yet, but I couldn´t have dinner like this and ruin the sofa, so I just had to realise it was soon game over. It was time to tell him or let him find out, and I chose the second option. Since he was only in t-shirt and underwear, I embraced him, and pressed the wet side of my thigh slightly against his bare leg, waiting for him to feel the cold wet fabric against his skin. He immediately did, and a broad surprised smile was forming on his face.

“Hey, what´s this?” he said, and put his hand between my legs, now realising I was soaked. “You sneaky one, you did it!” he said, and started laughing, and I did too.

He started inspecting my pants, surprised about what I had been getting away with, and I thought to myself, this was so much fun, must do it again!

And I did. Actually it´s been two more times so far. The second time I told you about in the story “Fancy photo session by the river”, so here comes the third.

I saw the opportunity coming some weeks ago, as my kitchen was a mess of unwashed dishes, and it needed to be fixed. (Because of floor types kitchen is the only place suitable for spontaneous wettings at my place) I started out with the dishes, while he finished reading that last part of the Sunstone comic book (it´s fantastic, by the way) I had already read, (so that we could keep reading it together).

I needed to pee. I was impatient for him to come to the kitchen. This time I was wearing shorts, much harder to get away with I thought, but I´d give it a good try.

He finally finished the book and got out to make coffee and help me with the cleaning. I could still have held it longer if I needed to, but the bladder had already spasmed a bit when I first put my fingers in the warm water, and now I was eager for some slow relief. I started wetting myself, while he started going on analyzing the characters in the book. The first spurt just warmed my underwear, but already the second one soaked through the thin linen fabric of my shorts, and streamed down the inside of my legs. He didn´t see. I did my best to wet and talk at the same time, and he didn´t seem to notice what was going on at all. Soon I was standing in a little puddle. He asked if he should take over, or at least help me dry the dishes. That would mean I´d have to move from my wet spot, so I said it wasn´t necessary.

Some of you (especially guys) claim that it´s so easy for a girl in skirt to wet in public without anyone noticing and I´ve been like “Bullshit, with no pants to catch some of the pee, the splashing down the legs and the puddle will reveal everything”, well, with this experience, even if I wore shorts and not a skirt, I admit you might be right about it. If you just do the peeing down your legs really slow, it´s apparently not that obvious.

The puddle was growing. My bare feet were covered in pee, my shorts were dripping, he stood just next to me and still didn´t see. I was nervous and unconcentrated, washed the same plate several times, but he didn´t seem to notice that either. Then he started talking about tablets for drawing. While I reviewed the one I had been using, I wet myself again. It suddenly gushed out very easily and fast, and in the middle of my talking I heard the distinct pattering sound on the floor. First I hoped it was camouflaged by the music we were also listening to, but S exploded into a big laughter.

“What are you laughing at?”

“I´m laughing at YOU! I think you spilled something there”, he smiled, pointing at my feet, and the next second he was down at the floor, crawling around with his camera. He took pictures of me while I continued doing my dishes and pants-peeing, conveniently finishing them both at about the same time.

This would only be the first of three big puddles on my poor kitchen floor this sunday, but that´s another story.

$$

$$

*004*2021-09-14 18:36

{{On 9/13/2021 at 2:06 AM, Supersoak said:

This is literally a fantasy of mine that a girlfriend would secretly wet themselves around me and that I would find out by stepping in her puddle. Your boyfriend is a lucky guy!! I bet you wish you didn't wait so long to try it

}}

To me it was for a long time unthinkable that I would ever get to share omo with a partner, but when i realised I could have the chance, this was the first hot fantasy I had growing in my mind. So I am the lucky one in here! I´m just impatiently waiting for his revenge.

