Wetting and Pronounced Pooling [pics and vid]

Author: anon789

*000*2016-03-27 18:13

A few days ago, I did a simple hold. Nothing particularly special about it, seeing as I really can't do these kinds of things outside of my house: I drank large amounts of water in short intervals while perusing this site. Unlike my past experiences though, this is the first time I tried holding while sitting on a hard, wooden chair with a slightly curved seat.

The bulk of the hold was uneventful, increasing from a 1 to a 6/10 over a long period of time. However, perhaps due to the speed at which I drank the last few glasses of water, I suddenly jumped from a 6 to a 9-10/10 in a span of about 10 minutes! The pressure was unbelievable: there wasn't a time in which I felt any bit comfortable taking my hand away from my crotch, and I had a prodigious urge just to leak a little bit. After about another 10 minutes, I simply couldn't resist that urge to relieve some of the pressure, so I let out a small leak...

This...only made things worse. Not only did my bladder feel full now, but also my urethra! The only thing stopping the impending torrent of pee was maybe my glans - seriously, that was about it. I lasted only maybe a couple more seconds before the leak became a continuous stream into the front of my jeans. I couldn't control it, and every time I thought I had stopped it, the stream would burst forth in powerful spurts instead. This was it: my bladder thus surrendered, and it forcibly pushed the rest out in one gargantuan spurt after another. The hissing was very audible each time, and the wet patch grew immensely, glistening brilliantly with respect to the dry parts of my jeans.

Sitting on this wooden, curved chair, my pee began to pool under butt before leaking off onto the floor, splattering onto the legs of my jeans. Given that I will likely never use diapers, this was probably the warmest my butt will ever feel from this kind of thing. It was quite interesting to bounce and move from side to side a little bit to feel it slosh beneath me. ^^

I was mostly done...but then about 5 minutes later, I stood up and let some more go, so as to get my inner legs wet too. :) Took a video of that. Can hear the hissing if you listen closely. ^^

Hope you enjoy!

{{:

}}

20160324_100745.mp4

