Public pissing on beach

Author: Cutiepie135

*000*2022-05-18 00:37

Hi all! Long time lurker, but I’m always too shy to post. I have tons of stories to tell through my experience, but here’s a particularly exciting one.

This Sunday I took a day trip with my friend to the beach, and it was very fun, though a little cut short because we woke up late. She brought her dog, and it was an all around good time.

Because she brought her dog, it meant that one of us had to watch the dog while the other one swam if they wanted. Well, I love swimming, so I did just that. In the water, I was having fun trying to fight waves, especially in my cute ass skimpy pink swimsuit. After a while, I realized I didn’t know where they were, and didn’t have my glasses on, so it took me a while of trying to find them. Thankfully, I did find the spot that we set our stuff at.

Thats when I start realizing that I kind of have to pee. Nothing dire, nothing desperate, just “hey, you should probably go pee soon.” I originally planned to do it in the water, but when I got up to get out, I completely forgot that I wanted to pee in the water. So, I made a decision.

I walked back to our spot, not even bothering to check if anyone was looking (though, I’m sure they weren’t. It wasn’t very crowded and the people there were preoccupied with their families). And, I just kind of relaxed. I never did stop walking, but I pissed myself on that beach. A solid 15 seconds of just pissing and walking, and a light trail, though it could also be seen as water. And I never told anyone, just kept it my dirty little secret.

As much as I would love to tell my bf, he doesn’t know that I like omo, and he himself said that he didn’t have this kink. Though, I think he would change up his tune a bit if I told him that i liked it, but that’s a story for another day. I have more stories like this if you guys are interested

*012*2022-06-30 15:58

{{On 5/18/2022 at 10:36 AM, individual81 said:

Nice story.

}}

Thank you!

{{On 5/18/2022 at 1:44 PM, GoldenG8 said:

Nice! Beaches and swimsuits are my favorite ingredients for a sneaky public wetting. Would love to hear more of your stories!

}}

I hardly ever use the bathroom at the beach. No one will notice, and the swimsuit is designed for being wet, so why not?

{{On 5/19/2022 at 6:22 PM, Guest Wettishfettish said:

Would love to hear more stories

}}

Thank you!

{{On 5/20/2022 at 1:28 AM, slothmallow said:

Being already wet and in a swimsuit at the beach is basically the perfect scenario for getting away with a wetting. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Isn’t it though? It was so naughty

{{On 5/21/2022 at 2:16 AM, alexpee said:

Nice story, my wife has wet through her swim suit a few times on the beach Than I have to try to hide a hard on. Love your story and thank-you

}}

Ha, I would be so horny if my bf wet his swim trunks at the beach, so I feel you friend!

{{On 5/24/2022 at 10:27 PM, jimbeaux said:

Wow great story! I love wetting on the beach, it’s basically the perfect crime. I don’t think I’ve been in a beach bathroom in years- I usually just go through my swim trunks wherever I’m seated in the sand, especially right after getting out of the water. I do it with my friends sitting right next to me while chatting and nobody notices. If I’m not already wet from swimming when I decide to go pee, I make sure to cover up the wet spot with sand/dust the sand off my ass when I stand up, but I’ve done it a bunch of times successfully. I usually just make sure I’m pointed “down”/pee will be directed at the ground under me and won’t come up through the top of my shorts, then cross my legs or cover my lap with something and relieve myself slowly into the sand.

}}

You’re much more ballsy than me! I would be nervous to do it around people, because I don’t want anyone to see me get up and wonder why there’s a wet spot

{{On 5/26/2022 at 5:33 AM, OmegaButtercup said:

Beach pees are fun as hell! I never look for a bathroom to pee on the beach, just let it flow right where you are. You can piss yourself in a big ass crowd and completely get away with it!

}}

Yes!! It is amazing

{{On 6/26/2022 at 10:25 PM, Travelbladder said:

I do this all the time, since it’s just mistaken for water, since I’m not about to walk across the sand all the way to bathroom

}}

FACTS!

{{15 hours ago, GözdeMercek said:

I love peeing through my bikini while sitting on sand no one realize it and feels so good

}}

I would totally do this if I was by myself:P

{{10 hours ago, Cristiano97 said:

I think I never used a real bath on the beach, I only used my pants in the sand and in the sea.

}}

I think I used it a couple of times, but more often than not, I let it go in my swimsuit. Same applies while I’m swimming!

{{6 hours ago, alexpee said:

My long-time partner Debbie, has never used the bathroom at a beach. She had a genuine accident and wet herself in her swimmers on our first day out

She will show off, we have been on crowded beaches, she will stand in front of me with her legs tightly together and pee, no splashing, everything just running straight down. Very rarely pees in the surf as she like me to watch, and I like watching; very much.

Sometimes you just hear a hissing sound if she is sitting, one of my favourites is when she is laying on her side and pees, a bit goes forward, most just running out the back of her swimmers and over her leg.

Being in Australia, you can access the beach almost any season. In our early days she had a black bikini. The crotch started to fade to a rust brown colour, from the amount of pee.

}}

Oh wow!! You are certainly one lucky guy!! I’m much too nervous to try that

