First Bed Wetting

Author: squishy

*000*2012-08-11 09:30

Unexpected but intentional.

I had woken up at around 3am feeling like I need to go over to the bathroom. I wasn't desperate or anything. I had drunk quite a bit of liquid earlier in the night a few hours before bed (because I was trying to reach a state of desperate where I might burst in stead of just leaking small squirts when the bladder is full), but I had peed at least once. Now usually when I have to pee, a hold it until the squirts could stain through clothing; I like the feeling of fullness and the muscle clenching. I've long wanted to wet the bed, but my control of my bladder, which makes it hard to fully release for a wetting, and the fear of clean have detered me. Not tonight. I got it in my mind to try to relax my muscles and let it go.

I had to massage myself in twirling motions to get the relexation and trigger the flow. Initially, I only succeeded in being about an squirt. It was hot and inspiring. Plus, I noticed that I had leaked through to the sheet a bit. I was lying on my back. I ended up rolling onto my stomach to see if it would be easier to consciously let it go in that position. I continued the rubbing, and finally I hit a point where the hot pee burst out, soaking my underwear, the front of my shorts and enlarging the soaked circle on my sheet. Actually having just wet shocked me, and it pleased me in a way that is hard to describe now that I'm removed from it. I was laying there, turning around in the wetness, more poetically describing the feeling, but I have forggoten. 

After going once, I was able to pee pretty solidly again. I didn't know I was that full! I kept massaging and unleashing hot bursts- those hot bursts are amazing when you are already so happy to be laying int your success. I really wanted to fall asleep that way, hopefully, wake up needing to pee again so I could go again while everything was wet. I ended up rushing into the kitchen and chugging a bottle of water. As the water entered my bladder, I leaked it onto the bed. I love having to pee, but the feeling of release, the sensations that you get from rubbing yourself in just the right way in order to give your bladder permission to go...

Since I hadn't planned for the wetting, I didn't have towels or anything. I have a matress pad, but I don't want to know how thoroughly drench it all is. I swear I only changed the sheet because I was shivering. I like the idea of laying and actually sleeping in the pee. There's a picture of the puddle...

