Faith's Last Stand

Author: Slater

*000*2018-10-15 10:04

(There's a deep backstory development in this story to explain some events, I broke this up in sections you can see by paragraph breaks.)

So a long time ago I wrote a couple stories involving a cousin of mine I called "Faith" (not real name of course). If I could find those story postings essily, I'd give links but they're pretty ancient.

Faith (very thin brunette, brown eyes, long arms, usually bob cut short hair) was one of those extended family members you rarely see that don't feel entirely like family and it can happen you get romantically interested or exploratory sometimes and stuff. I felt very protective of her for some reason, she lived in a small house most the time with, I think, 11 family members. I don't remember if that's all siblings or also parents, but she was bullied by the army of older brothers frequently. She also wet herself quite frequently.

I noticed in big family gatherings, being poor, she (and siblings) would indulge in the soft drinks. I saw her desperate and holding herself like every time. I convinced her to pee in an old pair of my sister's pants once on Christmas, abd she had told me a few wetting stories in detail.

Something happened after that Christmas. Next time we had family gatherings, she weirdly like, followed me around. If we played games, she wanted to be on my team. If we watched a movie, she wanted to sit next to me. In fact, it was hard being alone! I strongly contemplated taking advantage of the situation but I was too nervous and decided not to push it.

.

Later when her family moved to the country rural area, I got a chance to visit. On arrival they had fixed up a 2-seat go-cart and I got a chance to drive it. I asked if anyone wanted to ride with me, she volunteered. I realized she was still probably interested.

Sure enough, couldn't get alone time, even in a cool, light rain. I went out for a walk and I was admiring a pond and ducks when she came up beside me and just stood there, arms folded, clearly cold. My heart was beating hard, I had an incredible crush on her. As kids, she showed me upskirts and wet for me once, now we were past that. I couldn't believe it, puppy love or what? Was it when I "beat up" her oldest brother after making her cry?

We started talking in the odd, quiet privacy, which led to growing up and stuff. I was trembling as much as she was, but not because I was cold. Finally, sorta on the topic, I asked a (rather stupid) question. "Are you wearing a bra?" She said yes. And we started talking about it. She had 2, one grey and one rainbow color, she was wearing the rainbow one. I told her I had never seen a rainbow bra and asked if she'd show me. Faith was reluctant for a bit but she didn't flatly say no. I pointed out I had seen her panties several times before, and more once. "You really want to? I'm not much like my sisters." (Her older sisters were quite blessed) I assured her I wouldn't ask if I didn't thinkt her beautiful enough. That seemed like it. "Ok, sure."

So we went to a shack still being built in the woods, the sun getting ready to set not great light, and she lifted her shirt. I touched the back strap and asked how it came off. She showed me but didn't take it off. Then I asked her about maybe peeing later. She said she'd think about it.

.

That night after dinner, she was given the task of doing the dishes. Which was a lot. The whole family wasn't there, and she was covering for a sibling not present, but between me, my sister, and 3 cousins, plus lunch dishes from earlier, it was a pretty huge pile. Her mom declared the dishwasher was horrible at getting things clean and insisted most everything be hand washed.

I opted to help rinse some smaller stuff to put in the washer, but it was already half full and it didn't take much to top it off. Everyone else went to watch cartoons on TV while Faith was stuck in the kitchen. So I sat by the table to keep her company. Soon, she started fidgeting and hiking up a leg, sometimes kicking out. Then she was bent over in an odd position. She wasn't wearing tight jeans, but they were kinda form-fitting. With delight, I watched her bum arc and move around.

"Everything ok?" I asked. Faith curled in her lip and was bending up and down. "Eeeh, no. I really have to go to the bathroom." She was dancing about on the cushioned floor mat as she worked and she wasn't even halfway done. Faith started rushing her job while grunting and quietly moaning. I considered helping, but the sink space was so small I figured I'd probably just be in the way.

Her mom came by to check up on things, inspecting the dishes drying and yelled at her for some food left over on some utensils and the inside of a giant pan. She picked through them and set some on the other side. Faith tucked in her right leg and bent over a little. "Can I go to the bathroom first?"

"No! No bathroom breaks!" She looked off in the direction of the TV in the living room. "I'm sick and tired of the chores not getting done around here!" (implying something to the group huddled on the couches) I will never forget how her voice echoed so sternly while everyone else just appeared to ignore her rant.

After her mom left, Faith seemed distraught, embarrassed, and determined. She jumped up and down a few times and continued washing. I said, "Lilly (my sister) wet herself once doing the dishes." But that seemed to make Faith feel more distressed. Shortly after she dropped a large pot with a bouncing thud, jammed both hands in her crotch, and turn away from the sink, squinting her eyes. "I almost peed myself," she said. Faith resumed, rocking her butt frantically left and right and folding and kicking her legs. While trying to scrub a handful of utensils all at once, she suddenly dropped some silverware with a loud, metallic clatter and walked away from the sink with a grim look on her face and back again, pacing furiously. She walked up to the drying dishes and marched in place, stammering as she inspected a few dishes before going back to the sink.

Every now and then, she'd turn to look at me and it got weirder as conversation between us dwindled down. Faith could hardly concentrate on anything I said. Then she bent down furiously and crossed her legs, standing there trembling furiously. I saw her hands by her crotch and thought she was holding herself but her hands weren't quite same position. I stood beside her and realized she had unbuttoned her light blue jeans.

"Oh... my gosh! If I try to run right now, I might just pee all over myself." I meant to stand behind her, close and tight and maybe massage her shoulders but like a young doofus I just put a hand on her shoulder as I stood beside her. "Just... do it." I said.

"What?"

"Just do it. You're probably not going to make it anyway, it's you mom's fault, and I wanna see you pee." She nervously turned back and leaned around me to look at everyone else watching TV. Her mom was in the bedroom. She turned back and continued shivering. "Oooh, I don't know."

"When I wet my pants at school once, I convinced everyone I spilled milk on myself. Maybe we can kinda do the same?"

She gave me an eye roll look that said, that's the stupidest plan ever. Then her eyes got real wide, her mouth dropped. "Oh shoot! Shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot!" She grabbed her crotch and tightly crossed her legs the other way over her fingers. Faith was vibrating like a rattlesnake, bouncing a little up and down. She kept looking back to the living room.

Then she slowly slid one hand after the other out of her hold and firmly gripped the edge of the sink. She looked forward out the window. "Step back." She said. I did. She spread her legs apart fairly wide, took another look back at the living room. Faith looked down, looked at me, looked forward, and looked down again.

She took a loud, heavy breath. Everything seemed to stop. Then a sudden, explosive outreach of darkness ruptured from her crotch and it began. I was shocked how fast it bore down her legs in every direction, but mostly straight down her inner thighs. I saw her whole body just limp into relaxation, but at the time I wasn't happy that I was watching from behind. I wanted her facing me but there she was, having forced herself to have an accident prematurely. Due to my dissatisfaction at seeing her from behind I don't remember a lot of details except thinking that rainbow bra was in there somewhere under her shirt and wondering if she had matching underwear, and if so, was she peeing in them?

Despite her leg spread, pee didn't really make much a stream down the middle and instead dripped off sometimes from her thighs, butt, and mostly poured onto the mat from the hems round her sock-less, bare ankles. The puddle was huge, a lake quietly forming around the edge of the (silicone?) grey mat and pooled a little under and around her feet on the mat. But most of it was making an island out of that mat. I wish I took more time to look at it, I didn't really notice or think to appreciate puddles as they formed back then.

After an eternity of peeing, she finally finished, standing there frozen, kinda unsure what to do. I had wrongly assumed it would be contained on the mat cushion but it just went everywhere else instead. The material seemed water proof and so her pee just slid right off to the surrounding concrete, baren kitchen floor.

She turned to the side, squealching the pee around on the mat to look at the living room, then she faced me briefly, her jeans were obviously peed in and very dark; I didn't expect the back of her pants to get soaked like that. When my sister Lilly wet herself and spread her legs out, pee streamed out loudly hammering the floor, so that's kinda what I expected.

I wanted Faith keep facing me but she turned back and seemed to cling herself to the sink, not wanting to look at anything or anyone. She just stood there in her super darkened, warmly wet jeans, and kept doing the dishes, able to concentrate now that her bladder was empty. I didn't know what to do, so I left to watch TV with the other kids and teens.

Eventually her mom walked back in the kitchen. "What is this?" She said loudly. "Did you wet yourself?" At that, a number of kids turned around and Faith was yelled at by her mom for all to hear. Then Faith looked at me, gulped, and argued that she was told she wasn't allowed to go. After a little more back and forth, her mom admitted to overreacting, said sorry and sent her off to the bathroom to clean up. I went into the kitchen and helped her mom mop the floor and put the dishes away. When Faith came out of the shower, in her pink, red, black checkered night gown, we finished putting the dishes away.

.

I had fantasized and hoped in-between visits she'd grow to have omorashi as a fetish, imagining her longing to find another opportunity to wet herself again with me.

But at the next family get together, Faith wasn't so clingly like before, but we did get a moment when she was told to fetch some diapers from the family van for a baby and I offered to help look. I started the conversation towards the direction of all we had done together and such, but she was up front with me. She said that we shouldn't do stuff like that anymore and we should recognize ourselves as family. "We're grown up now," she said. I didn't want to admit it, but she was right.

And that was that. We never talked about it ever again. It was as pathetically close to intimacy as I got in life. I never dated and only tried briefly three times all the way until 2 years ago, dated a wonderful young lady in a distance relationship, but we didn't get intimate. I still haven't even kissed a girl yet. I think I never will.

*002*2018-10-15 17:51

Thank you for the words but it's not social anxiety; in the past it was simply not having a dating opportunity back when I was. But for starters, I'm 30. At this point my life is a wreck, I'm being supported by the grace of a friend while I wait on a trial for Disability (pension/welfare for you non-Americans).

I don't personally believe in dating for just fun, so dating is strictly for serious relationships only. Even so, I'm not in enough social situations (in person) to be exposed to any singles. With my other points, this means that I'd be a 30-year-old guy looking to date a lady to marry her and she understands she's the money maker of the house. I also have a minimum of religious beliefs that must be met (though honestly not that difficult).

I also don't plan on being alive 10 years from now.

But the biggest obstacle is being genophobic and gymnophobic. Fear of sex and fear of nudity (of others). Any woman I do date, and marry, would basically be in a sexless marriage where her body is going to be unwanted and repulsed, and I refuse to lay that horrible psyche on her. Even being in an open relationship (i.e. she can have sex with anyone so long it's safe and she doesn't feel guilty hiding anything).

It all adds up to the fact I love this never-to-be woman strongly enough that I refuse to torment her in a relationship and she's better off with someone else. Imagine her supporting a 30-year-old guy who won't see her naked, won't give her sex, can't have kids, a needy, suicidal, emotional wreck not growing old with.

I cost too much in so many departments. I'm not worth it, and I have nothing to offer.

*005*2018-10-15 19:35

I'm a great, burdening debt on the earth and I'll probably never make up my cost; sticking around awhile to see if maybe I can get close. Otherwise, I must protect the world from myself. Being gone is easier anyway.

Since I'm being cut off from some family and I'm choosing to cut off the rest due to a long list of issues, not much success in any project, and without a special someone, there's just nothing here worth holding on to. And to think, I'm not even depressed.

