Unexpected Friday Afternoon Fun

Author: JuicySanae

*000*2020-01-18 01:43

Hi everyone! It has been a while since I've shared an experience, but I had an improptu one today, so I decided to share it because it was rather fun!

Today was mostly a common weekend day like any other. I had recently moved to a new university to keep doing my studies. There was this friend (who I'll call "A") that I got to know very well and we started to hang out together. After classes today, me and A decided to hang out and have fun at our local gastropub, nothing out of the ordinary. We ate some, talked about videogames and the like, and we both had a few drinks. Nothing too interesting so far. We also talked about what shows we enjoyed on TV, what we watched in Netflix... Pretty common stuff. Even though his interests weren't very similar to mine, A is still a really great guy, and I really like him, so I couldn't say no to the get-together.

Anyways, we ate, and we had a couple waters and beers. I saw him go to the washroom once, then twice. It is kind of exciting now, even if I didn't think much of it in the moment. We talked for about an hour, and I must have consumed about 700 mL of hard cider, a screwdriver, and about 600 mL of water. We had to part ways about 10 minutes later because he had somewhere to be. I, however, decided to stay in, and decided to order another litre of beer. I drank it slowly with another glass of water, while browsing Reddit. As I finished up the litre (also known in the US as a "pitcher") about 20 minutes later, I drank as much water as my stomach could hold. I was already feeling at about a 6/10 when I left the bar. The walk outside didn't get any better.

I live in a house that is somewhat far away from the campus of the university I study in, and I knew I was in for a long ride. I couldn't use the washrooms where I was because there weren't any gender-neutral ones (I'm nonbinary, so it would have been awkward to go into either of the washrooms, so I decided to go home.) As I was greeted with the bitterly cold wind as I left, my bladder shaked with anticipation, to just let go of all that golden, steamy liquid, and give it the relief it so asked for. But alas, I had to walk home, and I couldn't even hide an accident, were I to have it, because there were so many people in the sidewalks and street. Every step I took sent jolts to my bladder, which was now screaming for relief, but I really couldn't let go. Not right now.

I had to walk to the bus stop. Every step put strain on my poor bladder, and I was trying my very hardest not to hold myself in public, especially because I was already feeling tipsy, and all my motions are exaggerated while tipsy. I walked, and kept walking, through a street, through two, through three until I finally made it to the bus stop about 10 minutes later. I had to use all of my willpower not to hold myself, as all the beer and water were starting to swell my bladder and making me quickly go to an 8/10. Every bump in the bus ride was painful for my bladder, and I was saying to myself very quietly, "Oh my goodness, it hurts", "I really have to pee", "My bladder wants to let go so bad... But I can't here, it would be so embarrassing..."

15 arduous minutes later, I was greeted with the bus stop closest to my home. Every step was getting harder and harder to take. I was thinking I could leak at any moment, very strongly feeling at a 9/10. I kept walking frantically for another five minutes, until I finally made it home, surprisingly still dry (but not for long!)

After getting the key into the door, my bladder almost started to give out, as I could start to feel the first few drops coming. But, it wasn't over yet. After opening the door, I had to go up three flights of stairs, which are so much worse than regular walking for my overdistended bladder. I could finally hold myself, but it didn't help much, as I was almost starting to leak constantly. I had to leave my ankle-length coat in my room, because going potty with it is really hard and I don't want to get it all pissy because it's hard to wash. That said, I am okay with getting my dress all pissy, as well as my panties and bloomers, because they're easier to wash.

I left my coat in my room and I made it to the washroom as fast as I could with what strength I still had left in my bladder. I took off my shoes as I got into the shower and finally let my poor bladder relieve it itself as much as it wanted.

"OHHH MY GOOOOODNESSS~ HAAAAAAAH~ ♡"

I haven't felt a relief so heavenly in many months, and the warmth that was going down my legs was a feeling I had missed so much; I savoured every single second I was going, and enjoying the ecstasy and pleasure of finally letting go and completely soaking myself in warm pee. ♡

I don't know exactly how much I went, but it must have been close to a full minute. All that golden liquid had finally left my bladder, leaving my legs warm and my heart and mind in ecstasy and bliss. ♡

After that wonderful experience, I took a shower, and I felt so turned on I just had to help myself in another way~ *wink*

Anyways, that was my omo story for today and what a wonderful improvised omo story it was! It was nice to share one of my stories here again after being away for so long. I hope everyone enjoyed my experience today and I wish you a nice weekend!

With love, a very desperate Sanae.

*002*2020-01-26 08:21

Yes, my crotch was quite wet by the time I was starting to go up the stairs. Thank goodness I was wearing tights that day. Even though I could feel it running down my thigh, nothing made it to the floor until I got to the washroom. No mess on the stairs made for easier cleanup~

{{On 1/19/2020 at 1:36 PM, ashishgamer said:

Wow 3 flights of stairs? You must have been drenched by the time you reached the shower.

}}

