Bursting in front of the boss (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2020-11-03 12:59

This is a post I read years ago on another forum, which I saved to my PC. I'm glad I did, as it looks like the original post is no longer available to read. It was written by a businesswoman about one of her young male employees who appeared to have a very strong bladder as he could hold his pee in all day, but finds himself in a very desperate predicament after staying late in the office one evening. I really enjoy reading it so I thought I would share it here for you all:

Well on here of course its absolutely no secret that I love seeing a guy desperate for that all important pee, better still that he has to hang on for a longer than expected time. But that's on here. In real life its always just that little bit harder to find those opportunities that have not been manufactured in some way.

Now I am a business woman and in my line of duty I have had to manage men and some of them seem to go to jelly when they are with me. I guess a bit of the male machoness comes out, the "no way do I need a piss before the boss, she's a woman". But even here this is not the case.

Today's story is about what happened the other day. Before I retell it I have to say, I am sorry but there is no way on earth I would have let this guy wet himself but don't stop reading as I think you'll like what happened.

So the story, last Tuesday we had, as always something that had to be done "yesterday". I must admit that I had been busy but I am never too busy at work to use the toilet, after all I am the boss and so I can pretty much leave my office as and when I need to without anyone wondering where I am off too.

So the day was busy and in my department there are 3 girls who work part time, one male member, his name is Rhys, and me. Now the girls all leave between 3 and 4 on their working days so often in the late afternoon its just myself and Rhys but usually we are all done by 5, 5.30 latest.

Today as I said had been so busy that I had actually been the one getting everyone water and coffee as they beavered away. Although I can do their jobs they are the experts, I manage and do the reviews but unless they are outputting I have nothing to review. I had also ordered in lunch so everyone was pretty much tied to their desks all day. I had noticed the girls get up and leave once in a while, in fact at one stage we had had the almost obligatory girly toilet run where we all found ourselves in the ladies at the same time. No one was desperate although Mags, the youngest rushed along actually saying that she thought she should have left her desk a little sooner. In the ladies we of course all had some banter over Rhys. Being the only man and a good looking one at that it was always fun to talk about him. It was then that Mags, now out of the loo and a tad more composed, who said

"Rhys must have a camel's bladder, he never goes wee when were working"

Giggling ensued but I must admit her outward voicing of this effect had just confirmed the fact that I too had never seen him go and use the facilities on a regular basis. He had been with us for 2 months now and had come in at sideways position to what the girls did. Not that I keep track of course on my staff's toilet or otherwise visits, as far as I am concerned my staff work better if they are comfortable so I never deny a break even in meetings. But it was true that even when we had broken sometimes in our staff meetings, Rhys would go get coffee while us ladies would, if needed, pay a visit.

"Come on then" I said smiling, "back to work, I cannot believe how much we need to get done"

"Will we need to stay and help?" Mags asked.

Inwardly it was going to be a close call but all 3 girls had kids and partners who worked away from home so although all of them would stay if I asked, I knew how much organizing needed to be done to do so. Also, the last bit was really what needed to be done by Rhys and myself so really if they worked hard now then Rhys and I could be done by 7.

"No" I said "Let's get on and get it done, I've ordered lunch in so if you don't mind working lunch then you can all leave on time as Rhys and I will finish off".

I had not wanted to say that I had already asked Rhys to stay on and help nor did I want them to know I wanted to see if his bladder was camel sized. Very important for me to know my staff and be a good manager!

Well the day drew on and at one stage I asked Rhys to come in to my office.

"Rhys, do you need a break, you have sat at your desk and not moved since you arrived? How is it all going?"

Rhys answered my question about work but made no comment to the fact he was at his desk all the time.

I looked as discretely as I could at him. He had drunk every coffee brought, every water and even a 500ml bottle of coke at lunch.

"Well I have told the girls that they may leave at their usual time. I hope its ok for you to stay and help get this all over to the US before their lunch time today?"

Rhys replied to me. I could not see any sign of his needing a toilet break at all. I was amazed.

Well 4pm came and I walked down the corridor with the girls on their way out, thanking them for their time and using the ladies. I wanted to know about Rhys. Yes we had this deadline but I also was intrigued at the fact that as far as I was aware he had not visited the bathroom since he arrived at 9am and I knew he usually left home at 8am. It was now 4 pm. I had needed a loo visit 4 times and he had not.

The girls had everything set out for me on our meeting room table. I got back and asked Rhys if he was ready to help me get everything checked and then in to the relevant binders which were to be shipped in the morning and to make sure that the electronic files had uploaded to the server for the US crew to read.

"Rhys, you ok to come and help? We've a long session left. Come in once your ready"

I certainly did not want to tell him to visit the loo. I usually said that to the team if we were about to go in to a meeting. More like. "5 mins everyone, loo time" and everyone would laugh and go. Well all except Rhys.

So we went in to the room. I had made sure there was plenty of water and also organised a flask of coffee. Rhys took a bottle of water and began to drink it.

We started to collate the papers; working independently along the sides of the table.

It was after about an hour I first noticed the signs. Rhys had started to stand a little funny, cross his legs and seemed to be bouncing. This progressed to more obvious inability to stand still and although not totally outward pee dancing, because I knew he MUST need a pee to me it was obvious why he was moving like he was..

I looked at my watch. 6pm. Those two hours had flown but of course. Usually Rhys left at 5 and with an hour journey he would be home by now. Was this his limit I thought.

As I said earlier, we were in the office. The toilets were along the corridor. I had not forbidden him to leave the room. I have never stopped him going to the toilet. But here, in the room I was seeing a Rhys I had not seen.

I could see him biting his lip. Obviously his need for a pee had crept up and was now banging on his bladder as his need became more and more obvious to the extent that he openly squeezed himself. I carried on working and watching. Sometimes I would make conversation but never making reference to the fact that he was practically pee dancing in the room. As he checked through pages he would constantly hold himself and cross his legs. He really could not stand still.

I worked. Desperate to tell him to go to the toilet but so aroused that I had to see what happened. Could I even be brave enough if he "asked" to go to say no not until we're done pretending I did not know it was urgent. Or would he just leave the room?

Rhys was wearing smart trousers, light grey, a pale grey shirt, black socks and black shoes. His trousers were not tight but were becoming a little disheveled around his crotch with his constant grabbing.

Suddenly I heard him draw his breath in and give another huge long squeeze to his crotch. He was momentarily fixed to the spot holding himself massaging. I pretended to be reading some pages, desperate to say something but also trying to discreetly watch this grown business man hold back a day's worth of pee in his bladder.

I moved around the table and as memorized as he was he stopped his holding suddenly and went back to his task, dancing and crossing his legs but, within seconds, grabbing himself again.

It looked like he would burst but still he made no attempt to leave the room, he said nothing and despite the fact that he must be absolutely beside himself with his need to pee he did nothing.

This carried on for a few more minutes before I realized that he was pee pee dancing more than working. I had to say something. But with my heart racing and my knickers damp from the aroused state I was now in the words were flying round in my brain. But it would not be right to say nothing. I could not let him wet himself. Not that I was stopping him going to the toilet.

I stopped what I was doing.

"Rhys, do you need a break?"

I still did not want to say anything about him needing a pee.

Rhys's face was red, flushed as he tried his hardest to stand still. He was fighting his own hands to keep them off his crotch. He obviously spurted in his pants as a wet patch appeared on his crotch, his hands instinctively flying to his crotch.

"errr.......may I go to the bathroom?"

I looked at him incredulously.

"Rhys you do not need to ask to use the toilet."

I left it at that but noticed Rhys stood there, still trying his hardest to stand still and not hold himself. His trousers were darkening a little. He must be dribbling in his pants. His overfull and must be tired bladder struggling to hold it in.

"Go" I said "before you have an accident"

Rhys left the room, I am sure thankful that the office was empty as his hands were clamped over his crotch. He was almost hobbling in a hurried way.

I followed behind to the ladies, knowing I could hear the gents, especially now the office was silent.

I heard the longest waterfall ever as I went in to the ladies. He really did need a piss and confirmed my suspicions that he had not been all day. No one could pee that much and have been at any time earlier in the day!

Minutes later we were both back in to the office. The front of Rhys trousers had a damp patch. The toilets only had paper towels so he had no chance to dry it.

"Rhys, you do know that you can use the toilet whenever you need to at work don't you?"

I looked up to see Rhys standing there with his head hung downwards, I was guessing in shame.

"I am so sorry, I thought I could wait til we were finished"

Music to my ears, his own, deliberate desperation which I had ended.

"You won't tell the girls will you?"

I walked over to the coffee pot and poured two mugs of coffee. I knew he had milk and one sugar.

"Come to the office"

Rhys walked behind me and sat down. He looked sheepish.

"Rhys, tomorrow is another day and we are pretty much done here but I never want to see you, a grown man, that desperate to go to the toilet and not doing so. Nothing is that urgent that you do not have time to use the toilet."

As I was saying this my brain was screaming at me "YES YOU DO". "No I will not be telling the girls but I am wondering what you were thinking? If I had not told you to go to the bathroom you would have had an accident wouldn't you?"

"I........" Rhys started to say something but stopped, instead changing to say

"Shall we get finished, we have 20 mins before we need to send the files"

I smiled at him as he got up, sipping his mug of coffee. I was pretty sure he would be wanting to go again soon. I wished I could ask him loads of questions about how he felt, why he waited, why did he never have a piss at work.

That had to wait. I knew I needed to have more time with this guy. Somehow I could get to find out.

I was one happy bunny. knowing that potentially in a short while Rhys would need the toilet again and that would be on our way out. I knew where he lived and could give him a lift home and if I was clever we could go without a walk past the gents.

So i promised I would tell you the rest so here it is.

Rhys and I finished our coffee and started to pack away everything. The big archive boxes which were to be collected by the courier in the morning were prepared and labelled and all that was left to do was a quick bin in to the confidential paper bin of all the waste paper we did not need and then everything to my office for locking up then home.

"Rhys", his trousers still showing the tell tale sign of his indiscretion "can you move everything to my office please?"

I gathered up the bundle of waste paper and walked out of the meeting room to the confidential waste bin then along further to the ladies and used the facility.

I walked back to my office as Rhys was taking the last box in. Casually I glanced at my watch.

"Its 7.45, do you have any plans? If not my treat let's go and get a meal and I can drop you to your place?"

I was eager to stay in his company for as long as possible as I was sure that his earlier expanded bladder would need emptying again sooner than he would be anticipating.

To my internal delight Rhys accepted and so we took our things and walked, the opposite way out of the building.

It was 45 or so mins since Rhys had had his coffee and his megga wee but also he had taken another bottle of water and, i the car, he drank it. I must admit that as I was driving, to the local quiet pub I knew I am amazed that he could put in so much fluid and need so few times to let it out.

That said, in the 20 min drive to the pub Rhys, although relatively chatty was quite fidgety in the car.

"You finding my seats uncomfortable" I said to him laughing.

Rhys looked embarrassed but did not stop his squirming.

"No........err well no, sorry"

He offered up no more but I guessed that his bladder was filling rapidly with the excess fluid from his long hold and the coffee and water he had just downed.

I wondered, as we pulled in to the car park if he was regretting me taking him to the pub. Would he go to the gents as soon as we got there I wondered.

Of course I had my next trick up my sleeve. The pub is, an old, windy one, with the loos hidden so even the regulars can take the wrong turn.

We walked briskly in to the pub.

"Pint?" I asked. Beer, Cider, the real ale in here is rather good

I wanted to bamboozle him but also wanted a pint in him

"Pint of Speckled Hen" he said.

My tummy flipped in excitement. I knew, just from the fact he had his hand in his pocket and his legs crossed that he wanted a wee already and now he was going to drink a pint too.

I ordered a lime and lemonade. I could not afford to drink, what with driving but also I did not want to have to leave him unattended for a moment.

I grabbed a couple of menus and motioned to him to go over to the far corner. As we walked I watched him looking around, not sure if it was a general look around or the look for the gents.

Rhys sat down and within seconds of me sitting and handing a menu he was shifting position.

I looked at him quizzically. Was he really going to hold again? Maybe this time he would not make it. I was so aroused, my mouth was dry but I was careful not to drink too fast.

Rhys chose the house pie and I had a salad.

"So Rhys, how you finding the job, you've been with us for a few weeks now?"

I wanted to get him talking but also, despite my fetish excitement I was concerned that a 26 year old would near enough wet himself in front of me. Or, thinking about it, worse still openly hold himself. I wanted to be able to send Rhys on client visits but after today I was not sure that his unawareness of social etiquette would do us many favours.

"I love it B" he replied, reddening as he said it......................"Look.......bout earlier"

I looked up at him, making his already red face turn a deeper shade of crimson.

"yes"

"well .............I am sorry, I really thought I could wait. Did I............well did you....................."

He seemed stuck with his words and I was frantically trying to think of some that did not allude to the fact that he had no done a pee all day.

Instead, I just added "Rhys, a rush job or busy day is just that, so next time or any time if you need to go to the loo just go........of course so long as its at an appropriate time".

I paused. "I must admit that I am a little upset that you felt you had to ask to go. I try to be as flexible as possible with my staff.....

"No its no that" Rhys jumped in, cutting me off mid sentence.

He was squirming more in his seat. Pint was almost gone.

"It was my fault. I.............oh my God this is so embarrassing..........."

"Oh look its OK Rhys, you owe me no explanation" I said, feeling a little uncomfortable that my own fetish may come out.

"It's just that its bad for you to hold it for too long and also I was worried that you felt unable to just leave the room. So in future if you need to go to the loo then just go (like now my brain was screaming at me)"

Rhys looked away embarrassed then smiled. I could see one hand in his crotch. We were still waiting for our food so it was going to be at least another hour and a half before he was in his own home.

Well to cut the story just to the interesting parts. Rhys ate his meal with me and had another pint. He was in obvious need of the loo again but I never offered or asked and he never asked or said. When we came to leave we stood and he was moving around like crazy and I could see him gripping himself again. I was in my element and knew I now had a 20 min drive home with him. I dawdled getting my bag, pretending that it was under the table then tried to find my keys (Lady handbags are great!) and was treated to another full on squeeze as I think he thought I could not see him.

Well the drive back was amazing as it was dark and Rhys took this to mean I obviously could not see him holding himself. He must have been gagging for a piss again by now. I was both thankful and sad it was dark as I could not see if anything was dribbling out.

When we got to his house he was really quick and, to my delight said

"Thank you for dinner, gonna dash am desperate for the loo again". I called him back wanting to see one last desperation wriggle before wishing him good night.

The next day at work Rhys went and used the toilet. Something that did not go unnoticed by Mags who sent an email to all of us

"The Camel has gone" it read.

So since then, for the last 6 days he has been to the loo in the day. Only once as far as I know. I am off work today which is why I have had time to type the story up. I am hoping that maybe he starts to forget again.

*005*2020-11-04 01:21

{{5 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Great story!! Not seen it before but was it originally by somebody called BowBow?

}}

Yes I believe so, I used to really enjoy reading about her experiences and stories but most seem to have been lost sadly.

*012*2020-11-04 15:06

{{22 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Was it actually a true story? I assumed it was fiction lolol....

}}

Hard to say, I personally like to think that most of it is true, or at least based on real experiences, but perhaps some elements are exaggerated.

I can certainly relate to the guy in the story as I've worked for a few female bosses over the years in various retail and corporate settings and have always found it very difficult to work up the courage to ask for a toilet break even when bursting. While working in retail there was one supervisor who sometimes used to tease me and make me wait even longer when I asked to be relieved on the tills for a couple of minutes so I could pee, and I like to think that she was enjoying the sight of me fidgeting around in my seat with a very full bladder while stuck serving customers.

