For Anyone Who Cant Achieve True Loss Of Control

Author: Cantholdit92

*000*2020-02-23 03:53

So i've been experimenting with this new method. Ive noticed lots of people have reported here that when they are bursting to pee they can never 'fully' lose it and it just spurts out instead. Well I may have found a method that seems to be working for me. Ive tried this method about 3-4 times weekly, so i can regain bladder strength.

Anyways, this is preference not nessacary but I follow the rapid desperation method, get my kidneys up to speed so I am peeing clear and alot. Then I start holding just about the point where it becomes unbearable, and I use the toilet. What this will do is now when my bladder re-fills, it will now be harder to hold since I just held.

Now this is the actual method, the first method was just to help your bladder become a bit fatigued. But here it is... When you are on the verge of losing control, and the first big spurt comes out, let loose immidiately no matter where you stand.

After doing this method a few times as well as the first method i explained, tonight I finally achieved a genuine loss of control. I was absolutely bursting, like squeezing my crotch with both hands because the stream is sitting at the tip of my peehole, and my bladder muscles are starting to give. Every wave of desperation became harder to bear, i squeezed as hard as i could, until a big wave of desperation caused a huge spurt. I tried to regain control, but my muscles reflexed, forced the pee out and locked in place, i couldnt stop it at all and I was peeing full force allover my floor. It felt amazing to just let the floodgates loose.

Anyways hope this method works for you, hope you enjoyed

*002*2020-03-08 07:05

{{On 2/24/2020 at 5:54 PM, Vorashi said:

I'm going to have to give this a try, it sounds really easy to do.

}}

It is pretty simple. youre training your mind to give in quicker. Eventually its gonna become harder to fight the urge to let go when bursting. Telling yourself "i can't hold it, i'm gonna pee my pants, etc" helps train your mind. Cant guatantee it will work for you, but if it does, glad i could help

