My new friend

Author: kochel428

*000*2018-01-31 20:33

Well I had quite a time last night! I've been seeing somebody new for the last few weeks. We have a really amazing sexual connection which is wonderful on its own, especially after several months of good-but-not-great sex I've had with other new partners since my big breakup this summer. Last night was the fourth time we've hooked up in about two weeks. While we were having sex, she asked me to tell her something I was into that she didn't know about. We had already talked about some less-crazy kinky things I like—basically light Dom/sub stuff, and public sex, which she's also really into—but this being our sixth date and fourth sexual encounter I just didn't really feel ready to talk about my big fetish (yeah, the pee one).

I said something like "mmmm" and just kept going. But a few minutes later she asked again. I couldn't really think of anything else to tell her about that hadn't already been covered, and I started to feel deeply embarrassed. I lost my erection, and kind of clammed up. I lay down next to her and admitted that she was asking me for my deepest darkest secret. I told her it was something really weird, and maybe she would think it's gross... but she was so encouraging and I felt so close to her in that moment, finally I just spit it out: I'm turned on by the idea of people peeing their pants.

Her reaction was, "Oh, that's it? I thought it would be something really weird, or like, violent."

I really couldn't believe how nonchalantly she took it. I've only told two people previously. The first did not take it well at all, refused to participate, and we basically never brought it up again even though we stayed together for years afterward. The other was my last girlfriend, who eventually became quite indulgent of me, but I could tell she was disgusted by it every time.

But this new person told me she was fine with it, said everybody's done that, and in fact she had peed her pants last year. And she said she would certainly do it with me. So I have that to look forward to!

She also told me the story of how it had happened to her last year. She was on a delayed subway train home, and was extremely desperate when she got to her building. She got on the elevator with four other people, and the elevator proceeded to stop on every floor. Finally on the last floor before hers, as the last person was getting off, she just lost control. She was wearing a dress, so there was a big puddle under her feet. The woman who was getting off the elevator noticed it was happening as she got off the elevator, and she turned and said, "it's ok, we've all been there."

So, basically a textbook elevator desperation fantasy. I couldn't believe it really happened! Needless to say, by the time she finished telling that story my erection was back, and we had a great rest of our evening.

Anyway, I'll let you all know if and when we give it a try. I'm going to wait a while to bring it up again, but I'm excited to see what it's like to do it with someone who seems really open to it.

*004*2018-05-30 17:56

Welp, it's been a rollercoaster the last several months, and the friend I brought up here... didn't work out. We never got a chance to do pee play. That said, I'm with somebody new who I'm pretty sure is going to stick around for a while, and I've brought up this fetish with her. She's open to it! She's kinky herself (although more in a traditional D/s way) and she's pretty unsqueamish due to her work (she's a nurse), so I have high hopes. I will, naturally, provide updates if we get up to anything interesting.

PS, she's brought up that, as a nurse, she has a bladder of steel, which will be interesting in its own right.

*007*2018-06-10 05:42

My lady friend and I had a lovely day together, but toward the end of the night she wasn't feeling so well—she alluded to being gassy. We've spent most of the last few weeks together, and had already decided tonight we would spend the night apart. She got off the subway first, and by the time I got home, I was greeting by a pic of wet panties. Apparently, she leaned over to pet her cat, felt a big fart ready to come out, let it rip, and accidentally peed herself at the same time. I don't have her permission to share the pic, so I won't. But it got me good and hard to see that.

Also, I did a bit of a hold and wetting on Friday and got to talk to her about it. I feel like this is going to be good...

*009*2018-06-30 02:00

Just an update, my new lady friend and I have a date to pee ourselves together on Sunday. No detailed plans yet, but the understanding is we will both do it. I'm thinking maybe a holding contest?

I'll report back!

