Public desperation and wetting play

Author: mugfulloftea

*000*2012-09-23 21:35

Today I thought I'd challenge myself by going for a desperate drive. I needed the loo before I set off - as I stopped to shut the front door behind me I had to stop and cross my legs.

"Hmm," I thought to myself, "is it wise to be doing this? I'm pretty desperate already, and I might wet myself."

I told myself not to be so silly, and that I'd just have to hold it.

So I drove about 20 miles to another town. I needed petrol, so I stopped at a petrol station. When I went in to pay I saw there was a customer toilet behind the counter, but I wouldn't let myself use it unless the cashier asked me if I needed the loo. While I was paying I was crossing my legs and bobbing up and down - the sight of the toilet made it worse - but she didn't even notice. I walked back to my car and drove off.

I drove around a bit more, and was feeling very desperate by now.

"I've really got to find a toilet now," I thought, "or I'll pee my jeans! I wish I'd used the loo in that petrol station."

I saw a sign for a car park with toilets. Ooh, thank god for that. I drove down the lane and into the car park, and it was deserted. I stopped, got out of my car and headed for the toilets only to find them padlocked shut! They were closed for the evening.

As I walked back to my car I couldn't help spurting in my pants. I felt the warm wetness spread in my crotch. "Whoops, that feels very visible...." I thought. I looked down and there was a wet patch there. Damn. Now I've got to drive home with wet jeans. I've attached a picture of what my jeans looked like... do you think I could get away with it?

I drove out of the car park and deliberately went the wrong way to prolong my journey. This was my punishment for wetting my pants. I drove until I found another petrol station, and by this time I was really desperate to pee.

"Now," I told myself, "your punishment for wetting yourself is that you have to go into that petrol station kiosk with wet jeans."

Ohhh... this was going to be so embarrassing! But I tied my jumper round my waist to hide my wet patch. It would look odd, wearing a jumper round my middle rather than wearing it on a cold rainy day, but there wasn't much I could do! I walked in to the kiosk, walked around the shelves for a bit and asked the girl behind the counter if there was a toilet I could use. I must have looked desperate.

"Sorry,", she replied, "it's only for staff." I curtseyed and crossed my legs, and walked out. She must have known I was on the verge of wetting myself, and she might have seen the back of my wet jeans as I walked out.

I went back to my car and as I walked across the forecourt I couldn't help wetting myself again. The warmth spread down my crotch and down my legs. Now the patch on my jeans was even bigger.

"Oh, that's unfortunate," I told myself, "now you're going to have to do that punishment again."

The wet patch was now down the insides of my thighs. I drove in the direction of home, stopped off at a large town and found a supermarket. It was closed but the petrol station was still open. My jumper round my waist didn't fully cover my wet patch this time. I went in to the kiosk and there were two women behind the counter. I went up to one and asked if they had a toilet. "Sorry, we don't I'm afraid. The store has but it's closed now." She smiled as she looked down at my fidgeting legs. I hoped the jumper hid the worst of it!

"Okay, thanks," I said. As I turned to walk out, I'm sure she'd have seen me put my hand on my bum, checking it for wetness. It was pretty damp!

Anyway, I drove home. I was still pretty desperate even though my jeans were wet. Although I was sitting on a carrier bag I didn't want to wet myself in the car in case it overflowed and stained the seat. By the time I got home I was squirming in the seat, but I didn't let myself go into the house just yet! No, I forced myself to walk to my local shopping centre nearby. It was dark and most of the shops were closed, but I made myself walk around in wet jeans. There weren't many people about. I tried to get into the toilets but they were closed.

"Time to head home," I told myself. I was bursting. My wet pants and the constant rain weren't helping. I walked past a pub with my jumper conveniently held in front of my legs, and headed down an alleyway. There was rainwater trickling all over the place, from gutters and roofs everywhere. It might as well have been a waterfall. I thought "oh, that's it, I can't take it any more." I wet myself again and really enjoyed the relief and the warm wet feeling. This time it went all down my legs. My jeans were soaking wet down to the ankles before I stopped, thinking I might have gone a bit too far.

I was still about 5 minutes walk from home. Even with the jumper round my waist it would have been obvious to anyone who looked that I'd wet myself. As punishment for leaking so much in the alleyway, I took the jumper from around my waist and put it on, exposing my soaking wet jeans. The footpath home was lit with street lights, so no place to hide! I'd just have to say I fell in a puddle or something. Luckily I didn't meet anyone. I got home, took my shoes off, ran upstairs, stood in the bath and let the rest of my pee out, completely drenching my jeans.

Anyone else tried similar things like this? Public desperation challenges, with punishments for leaks. It's fun, especially heading for a public toilet you know is closed just so you can do the "lean against the door, tie legs in knots" desperation thing. lol

