Wetting my snowbibs

Author: Snowpants

*000*2018-02-18 16:10

We had a small snowstorm last night so I woke up to 6 inches if heavy wet snow to shovel. I was so excited to be outside and wet my snowbibs. I held my morning piss and added almost 2 liters of water to my bladder before I dressed and went outside. Needless to say I was quite desperate and actually started leaking a little before I even got started clearing the snow.

Once outside the cold air started restricting my bladder and that made it even harder to hold my piss but I managed. As I started to shovel the snow the weight of it made me start to leak into my snowbibs with every shovel full. What a great feeling of the squirts of warm piss inside my snowbibs.

As I made my way to the street a neighbor drove by and stopped to chat. As we talked my bladder started to scream for relief and to my delight I started to leak into my snowbibs right in front of him. My crotch was at the same level as his head, as he was sitting in his car, and I began to wonder if he could tell what was going on inside my snowbibs. That made what was happening all that more exciting. Our conversation ended and he drove off.

I continued to clear the snow and try to hold my piss. I was not too successful and kept leaking with each shovel full of snow.

Near the end my bladder started calling for relief again do this time I just let go and flooded my snowbibs. Boy, what a great feeling on just a cold day. When I finished I looked down and there was on evidence from the outside as to what I had just done.

I think thick nylon snowbibs are the best for discreet wetting. Can't wait for the next snowstorm.

