KozmoLotto V Gaiden: Rogue Biku (8 Bathroom Gauntlet, Back to Back Holds)

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2019-03-14 01:40

Hi lads! Its your friendly neighbourhood KozmoFox, and I'm here today to give you the details on the absolute torture I went on yesterday. If you remember the second part of KozmoLotto V, you know I had art done. If you pay a lot of attention to the art-centric part of this community, you may also know that a certain @Biku won't even draw wetting even if you throw money at him. So one might be wondering how I managed to get him to do so. Essentially, Biku and I entered a certain business relationship that will hopefully become tradition. That being, he gives me art for my experiences, so I give him experiences for his art. This is going to be the tale of the second part, as everything I'm about to tell you is going to be rendered into the glorious art of Biku sometime soon. Half the purpose of me even writing out this experience is to provide him with an even better script to work with than all of the details I've already given him or the ones he were present for.

Essentially, I paid him with my bladder, acting out his whimsy so he could get the most accurate depiction of the scenario in his mind that he possibly could. And it was utter torture. If you know Biku, you know he likes his Just Made It scenarios, and this was the goal for this one. But even if such a scenario is not to your particular taste, there may still be something for you, as I did not make it to the end of this day unscathed or without changing my clothes.

The long and short of it was essentially, a bathroom gauntlet. I provided Biku with a map of my surroundings, and we pinned down 8 bathrooms. Before the challenge ever began, I was to consume 3 litres. THREE LITRES of fluid. Then after my class, I was to hit up every single bathroom, and stand in it for 2 minutes, each. If I ever leaked, I'd get an incremental penalty (1 minute, then 2 minutes, then 4, etc). After completing all of the bathrooms, I was to go back to the very first one and stand in it for a minute, before I could sit down and have my sweet relief.

BUT THAT'S NOT ALL FOLKS. When that particular challenge was finished, I was to fill up on food and gatorade (warding off water intoxication) to initiate an immediate second hold, just to see how far a bladder that had just been through hell and back could go. No special nuances with that one, it would be just to see how my endurance could hold up. That was also absolute torture, but a new and different kind of torture.

If you've read basically anything you know my general appearance. Pale medium height skinnysmol covered in tats. Currently rockin the teal hairdo. On this day I was wearing a beige jacket, a brown and white striped sweater (THE BEST TIME TO WEAR A STRIPED SWEATER...IS ALL THE TIIIIIIME), a blue skirt, black thigh highs, winter boots, and a nice matching set of teal underwear. Looked pretty professional if you ask me.

Biku's Depiction (accurate as can be):

It all began before I ever left for school. You can drink as much water as you can, but your kidneys only move so fast eh? So the idea was for me to start drinking before I ever left for school. I have a giant water bottle that can hold 2L, and it fit snugly into my bag. I drank a litre of water before I left the house, and even grabbed a coffee on the way. Once I got there and sat down in class, I polished off the coffee like nobody's business. I was going to be in that class for about an hour and a half, so I had that period to down another 2l.

When I got there, I barely needed to pee at all. I could feel myself filling, but even if I wasn't holding I wouldn't go to the bathroom yet, barely anything there. Every little while, I'd open the bottle, chug down a bunch of gulps, and put it down for a bit to let my stomach settle. I'm not the biggest person on earth, so I had to let some filter, my stomach expand, all that. I was barely paying attention to the class, I was mainly doing site things on my laptop from where I was sitting in the back.

Things got interesting towards the end of the class. It was very similar to the feeling you get from rapid desperation if you're familiar, where you're filling up your bladder faster than it can expand and accommodate, causing your bladder to feel unbearably full before you're even at max capacity because it just wasn't ready to be hit by a truck of water. This had me VIOLENTLY desperate in the last 20 minutes. If I was smarter I'd have thought of everything I just said about bladder expansion, but in these moments I was convinced I wouldn't even make it to the challenge itself. It was a wild eyed sort of panic, my foot frantically tapping on the ground, constantly shifting around as I waited for the clock to hit the class end time. I thought I had so little time that I actually packed up my things before the class was over, because I thought saving those precious seconds would mean all that much. They probably did, looking back.

The posture change across this whole challenge was gradual. Starting out here, I was basically exactly as you see in the artwork. Determined, mildly frustrated and irked, just a little tense. I basically powerwalked with an absolute purpose straight to that first bathroom, like a stern mom looking for the manager. I walked in, walked to the sink, braced on it with one hand and stuffed the other between my legs. I let out some noise, the most pent up groan you will ever hear, probably sounded like someone having a bad day hearing that one stupid thing to break the camels back.

A little jiggle and dancing later and I managed to finesse out my phone. I should probably mention I had a stopwatch app for measuring time in each bathroom. I also needed my phone to keep in contact with Biku; keep in mind the entire purpose of this entire debacle is for him to collect data on this scenario so it could be prepped as accurately as possible. Data I did provide gladly, but also in furious caps lock. This bathroom was one of the worst of the bunch, because of my aforementioned bladder issue of rapid expansion. I couldn't believe I was actually holding it because it felt like I was about to piss all over the floor.

Eventually the two minutes passed, and I was able to make my way to the next two bathrooms, located in the cafeteria area. These two were probably the easiest; they weren't EASY, just the easiest by comparison. The absolute powerhouse of a strut I walked to get there must've helped my bladder settle and adjust to its growing shape. I was still in DIRE need of a bathroom, but it got just a touch easier, and that little touch to take the edge off was all I needed to clear the next two. They went much the same way as the first, me shaking and dancing like a leaf, propping myself up on the sink, my fingers and foot tapping way impatiently as I watched the clock. At this point I was beginning to sweat from all the effort, who knew that holding a full bladder and walking an entire campus with a full laptop bag of college supplies on your back would be a good workout? I was still quite badly in danger, but this was as collected I would be for the entirety of the challenge.

I hit another bathroom in the hallway on the way, and I was really starting to feel the effects. The bladder settling only goes so far; you have a capacity, and adjusted or not I was reaching mine, with all of those litres of water steadily chugging their way through, like a tap into a water balloon. Having to stop in that bathroom made me very aware of that fact. The tapping of my feet and the shifting around were getting more and more intense with every passing moment, as stopping to take stock really sets your mind on things, and my mind did not like what it was thinking and feeling. Better yet, nobody I was chatting with on my phone would let me forget.

This was the end of easy mode.

And there's nothing quite to signal the end of an easy mode, like a sudden curve in difficulty. You see, on my way to bathroom #5, something bad happened. Something really really bad. I made my way to where I knew it was, up on the second floor, and continued my highly aggressive traversal. At least I did this, until I was in the second floor lobby, which was milling about with students, and very suddenly had to stop. I stopped, I stalled. My knees turned inward, and I hunched over ever so slightly. I could feel my face burn red hot as I felt my bladder protest, and decide that it wouldn't be taken so lightly. That it meant business. I couldn't believe it, not for a second that something so dastardly was about to happen to me.

And then I leaked. Badly. Very badly. I felt the spray hit my underwear that were dry up until this point. Not a dribble. A spray. I felt it cover my nether regions, and pour a tiny river down my thighs as I instinctively pressed my legs together. I saw some hit the ground, and felt some saturate the side of one of my socks. In a lobby, rife with students. It perhaps hit me more in that moment than ever, just how dangerous this challenge was. My aggressive confidence went straight down the toilet. Stepping on the drops I had left with my boot, confident that they were inconsequential given the snowy climate causing people to track slush everywhere, I hobbled around the corner and into the bathroom. This was bad. This was very very bad.

If I had been wearing say, jeans, the damage would be noticeable to everyone with eyes, and Biku was kind enough to point out that the skirt was his idea, and a good one. He also chose this moment to tell me that from now on, all time spent in the bathrooms was to be done inside a stall. All this on top of each other made this to be one of the harder bathrooms. I ended up in a stall, hand buried in my skirt (which was a terrible idea; given my underwear was now soaked, this spread the damage) with my arm propped up against the wall, and my head propped up against that. Squirming and gasping in extreme desperation, I suffered a full 3 minutes due to my penalty, every now and then another pang forcing me to shudder and crouch and bend my body ever so slightly.

The people I was chatting with seemed to be a big fan of this development; in the span of a minute I had gone from my determined and angry desperate persona to an absolute wreck of a woman inches from wetting herself, standing right next to a toilet. And I'm telling you, I could not bear to look at that thing. I could not bare to listen to the other girls using the bathroom. I should probably thank the chat for that, for being the distraction letting me tune out the environment that very well could have doomed me right there on the spot. I was about to pop.

I then had to find my next bathroom, which was a building away. I did not stride there. I did not confidently strut with determination.

I hobbled, with my legs pressed together, feeling the dampness of my underwear and sock torment me. I had to pee. I really really had to pee. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, and that if I had any chance of victory, it was going to be very slim. I was dancing the wire, and BOY was I dancing, skating on thin ice above a river contained only by my bladder, which at this point felt massive. My abdomen, which is not a big abdomen, felt as hard as a boulder. I got in that next stall and I swear, the entire time was just me frantically whining on my phone. Victory almost felt hopeless. I needed to pee, I needed to PEE.

I didn't think I could make it, not in a million years, and my fight or flight was on maximum overdrive, because I was all but certain that within the next few minutes I was about to make a complete mess, pissing myself in the middle of my college. Luckily, I had champions to my cause, who despite all of my moaning and panting and whining, the frantic typo-laden garbage I kept sending through my phone, they convinced me I could do it, they believed in me. Of course I had some naysayers, in this community there's always the ones who want the desperate girl to fail horribly and wet herself. But I was successfully convinced. I had 2 more bathrooms before finish line. I could do it. I'm not some pleb, I'm KozmoFox. I got this.

And so I left that bathroom, knowing the final two were nearby, in such close proximity I could taste it, victory was so close, and then...

I got fucking lost. Yeah, you heard me. My stupid ass got lost. Me, who has been a student at this college for 5 whole years, and been through the whole campus enough to navigate it with my eyes closed, got LOST. That's like getting lost in your own house. Do you know how absolutely, mindblowingly and ferally desperate to pee you need to be, to get LOST in your own HOUSE?! Because that was straight up me. In theory, I knew where the last two bathrooms should be. But my mind was so foggy, so frantic, so close to losing complete and utter control of the body it was piloting could not fit the pieces together, like a dog trying to play Tetris. So, I had to cheat a little. Just a little. It actually hurt my chances even to do so...because I went on autopilot trying to find another bathroom that I hadn't already been in. That counts, right? A bathroom is a bathroom, even if its not the originally intended bathroom.

So I went down a flight of stairs, gingerly and carefully as not to jostle myself that little amount that would cause me to completely flood them, and started darting my eyes around. I saw a ramp and went nearly right back to where I was, because a desperate Kozmo on autopilot is the dumbest creature on earth. I knew I'd be like this well in advance, which is why Biku and I went over the details so painstakingly and carefully. And I still managed to fuck it up. Luckily, the goddess of omorashi must have been on my side, because there was one on the ramp. I flew in, went in a stall, and locked the door.

Again, I resumed the song and dance. Brace against wall, hold onto my crotch for dear life because I was so close to losing it I could practically taste it. But I couldn't think about that, no, if I thought about it, I'd be a soaked mess of a student before you could say la li lu le lo, so again I turned to my chat, who reinforced my upcoming victory. That encouragement is all I held onto. This challenge would be crushed beneath my boot, I just needed to stay...well, I wasn't dry, I'd already had a pseudo-mini accident, but RELATIVELY dry. I just had to make it. I knew I couldn't leak anymore, I knew it. Dribbles tried to force their way out, and I used all of my willpower, all of my strength and any determination I had left, to hold them back. I wouldn't survive another minute long penalty.

As I traversed to the final bathroom, and by traversed I mean looked for another random one, I had to toss all pride out the window. I didn't have a choice. Attempting to seem dignified would spell the end, I required every single ounce of strength in my body. I hobbled down a hallway, knowing there was likely and hopefully a bathroom at the end, and boy did I hobble. Down a hallway. In the middle of a school day, with a hand buried between my legs, hidden under my bag which I had slung over my front, as a final flimsy shield between me and shame. I didn't care if my skirt got wet from the dampness of my underwear anymore...I was so close, and I do not go down without every single ounce of fight I have.

The last bathroom was indeed at the end of this hall. I was able to take bearing and understand where I was in relation to everywhere else, and realized I was essentially very close to where I had originally started, and what would be my final stop. I got in this bathroom, which was not a stalled one but a single door single toilet bathroom, locked it, and began to pace wildly, occasionally smacking a fist off my leg, groaning and hissing in frantic desperation, and just generally hobbling about.

No more dribbles, no more leaks. Two more minutes and then homestretch. The knowledge kept me alive, invigorated, kept me holding on just so. Just. So. My bladder was a volcano, ready to erupt between my legs, any more liquid, any more jostling would be the end. But I would NOT let that happen. I was sweating and panting like an absolute maniac, my forehead feeling damp and my face feeling hot. Firing on all cylinders, max capacity, max effort. And with that two minutes done, home stretch. It was time to take this one home.

Leaving that bathroom, and going very carefully up some stairs lead me to the two bathrooms I had originally intended to be 7 and 8. I would appreciate the irony later. Another hallway and a half of frantic, skirt tugging hobbling brought me to the first bathroom I had visited right after leaving class. Home base.

I spent the whole 60 seconds I was required to spend before my relief violently pacing around that room. I tossed my bag AND my jacket aside, I was overheating too much. If I stopped moving, I'd think about my desperation, if I thought about my desperation, I would pee. That's just how that was going to be. I could have choreographed a dance routine with how much prancing and shaking I was doing. Leaning on the sink, stuffing my hands down my skirt, planting my head against walls, all that good stuff. Whining and practically yelling at my stupid clock, to hurry up, hurry the fuck up, I'm about to piss myself please hurry! The racket I was making in that bathroom would have been audible to anybody walking by, they probably would have thought a murder was taking place. The final ten seconds I read my final words of encouragement, crouching and bouncing on my heel in the middle of the bathroom. It was time. I was about to win. And then the time hit 0.

I confirmed it with Biku. I told him it was time. The second I read "fine, go" I flew to the toilet, hoisted my skirt up, and I hooked my fingers around the band of my damp panties gingerly sliding them quickly down my legs and around my ankles. Looking at them, the teal all over the crotch area and a bit of the back was darkened significantly, and as I saw the bow on the front hit the floor at my feet, seeing them crumple felt like a good metaphor for what I was going through. I planted myself on the throne with my legs apart, leaning forward and practically drooling.

And I let loose. It was the most heavenly feeling I've ever experienced in my life. The hiss of my pee spraying below me was completely deafening and I didn't care. I started a timer, at Biku's request, to see how long it'd go. The final time? 1 minute and 52 seconds straight of peeing. There was so much, I could have sworn in that moment I was peeing more than I'd ever peed in my life. I peed, and I peed, and I peed. Probably about a minute in I changed positions, flopping back against the wall and letting my head loll about a bit, making it so that I was basically half-laying on the toilet, basically ready to nap from pure, exhausted relief as I kept on peeing.

Those 2 minutes felt like forever. They say a sneeze is an eighth of an orgasm...This felt like double. Eventually the flow tapered off and I must have sat on that toilet another 10 minutes, relaxing, recuperating, and just chatting in the chat. Every now and again I'd end up letting out another spurt...because you know, 3 litres is a LOT OF LIQUID and I still had plenty coursing through my system, and still filtering into my bladder. The kidneys do not care what the bladder is going through. Take that knowledge to heart.

But then I was reminded...I had a second challenge to start immediately, and these still pumping kidneys were going to help with that. How far can a girl push a beaten and bruised bladder? I walked to the store, feeling more relieved and bouncy than I had in forever, literally lighter on my feet, and bought some chips and over a litre of gatorade. Gotta get those salts and electrolytes, it staves off water intoxication. Any person into holding should deeply familiarize themselves with this concept. When you drink as much as I just did, stuff gets washed out of your body, stuff like electrolytes which you could die without. You gotta drink a LOT for this to happen, but ALWAYS be safe before sorry. Therefore, on top of everything still filtering through my system, all this gatorade became the beverage of choice for the immediate round two.

Writing on round two will be infinitely briefer. Mainly due to the fact that it was not a gauntlet challenge, or any sort of challenge with steps. It was simply a waiting game to see how long my overly tired battle could hold out. I had brought a change of clothes, because I know I'm a leaker and that getting out completely unscathed was slim. But I had no idea what I was about to go through, it was new territory. So I inclined to change after whatever was about to happen, not wanting to wear and then ruin a second pair of clothes.

The build didn't take long, probably about another hour or so. My kidneys were still on overdrive, I still had a ton of water left in me, and I had just introduced a fair amount of gatorade into my system. Most of my time was spent sitting around by the cafeteria in a chair, munching on my doritos and polishing off the gatorade. It was pretty boring until I shifted in my seat and I felt a pang. A very interesting pang. I KNEW I wasn't filled yet, not to bursting...but my tired bladder was unbelievably sensitive. I walked around a little to test it, and sure enough, despite being maybe half full, I needed to pee again, and badly.

Every little movement felt like it had a direct effect on my bladder, the sensitivity caught me super off guard but the sensation wasn't unpleasant. Say I crossed my legs, it would feel like the very bone of my leg was massaging directly onto the wall of my bladder, pulsing it and encouraging its release. Now I know it wasn't actually the bone, it was just the first metaphor I thought of upon experiencing it. If I took a step, I'd feel a sharp pulse, not an ache, not a dull throb, I mean a very sharp pulse that would make my thighs tremble. My bladder was very, VERY weak. Not gonna lie, it turned me on a fair bit, and if I hadn't been in a public place it was a sensation that would merit more experimentation, but this was not the day for that, nor the place. This was for SCIENCE.

I wanted some peace and quiet and the day was fairly nice, so I decided to take my little rodeo of desperation outdoors. I knew a nice little crevice I could sit around in free from prying eyes, a wall that sort of curved around under an overhang. Realizing that I would not be able to hold this particular need nearly as long, I hopped back in the chat and let my gaggle of jerks know that the secondary event of the day was starting, and also soon to end. The people who earlier in the day my biggest showing of support, my rock, my source of courage...suddenly became quite dastardly. Suddenly it seemed like everyone wanted me to wet myself except Biku.

I could feel my sensitive bladder expanding, and screaming for release due to the sensations of such expansion. Over the course of another fair bit, I went from uncomfortable standing around, to once more dancing on the spot, every movement tempting disaster, the sensitivity of my bladder doing me in far faster than any mass amount of liquid ever could. Yet they wanted me to wait, as much as I continually told them, with constant swearing and caps lock that "Hey, I'm going need to go inside soon, or I'm just not going to make it." Imagine that over several angry messages, conveying that thought. Meanwhile, in the legendary words of Biku... "kozmo no"

As I stood there, hopping from toe to toe and mewling under my breath in utter sensitive agony, my tired bladder on the verge of just giving out, the dynamic very very swiftly changed. Firstly, my bladder was no longer Atlas, holding litres above his head to carry the journey forward. It was now more like a weak, shrivelled up raisin of an old person trying to hobble around without their cane and not fall over. Secondly, dear Biku pulled the trigger on something I never ever thought this bastion of making it and holding to the brink was even possible of comprehending. He brought out the big guns of torture.

Enter my dearest waifu, whom I love so dearly, @Pondera

. This waifu who in a short while, I'd open the chat to call a "huge bitch."

Biku brought out this hound from hell itself, and let her off her chain. You see, Pondera has a very specific way with words. She knows how to verbally burst a bubble. How to pay the pied piper. How to make a person spill. Biku knew this. And Biku personally sicced her on me. I thought I could take it, and I stated so. After all, all of the other people trying to make me lose it weren't doing too much, all the remarks of pssssh and all the gifs and images couldn't do anything other than give me uncomfortable pains. What could this one person do? I practically dared her to try.

And then for my transgression, I was delivered a nice little paragraph. A paragraph detailing in detail, all of the little feelings I must be feeling, every little sensation, bringing them all to my immediate attention. Telling me how tired and sore they must feel. Tempting me to just give into these feelings and let go.

Ever realize you done fucked up? It was at that moment Kozmo knew, she fucked up. I thought I was Obi-Wan on the high ground, telling her not to bother. I was actually Anakin, doing something stupid and getting crippled for it.

I played coy. I said she shouldn't bother, that it was useless.

Boom, another short paragraph, dealing absolute crippling pangs straight into my bladder.

I told her that this should last, not to ruin the fun.

Paragraph. I doubled over, my pee hole feeling like it was about to violently erupt into my already disgraced clothes.

I told her to stop. That she should just stop. Just stop.

She kept going.

It was at this moment I knew, if I heard another word, I was going to piss myself right there. After being dealt all these blows and my bladder being so tired, I wasn't sure I could make the short journey back into the college and to the bathroom by the door. I told her if she kept going I wasn't going to make it.

She kept going.

I started to beg. I started to beg her to stop. I begged with my life, which was basically on the line. From determined woman to frail, nearly leaky girl. I wasn't going to make it to the toilet. I wasn't going to make it. I begged her to please let up.

Then she dealt a critical hit.

I read it and for a moment, a terrifying moment, right there in public, outside my college, the floodgates burst open. Tears streaming down my cheeks, my hand stuffed in my skirt, it gushed out. Through my already sodden panties, through the front of my skirt, through my fingers onto the ground. Pee blazed a trail down my legs, soaking my socks, one stream going straight into my boot, making me feel the warmth pool around my foot. I saw a giant explosion fall from directly between my legs onto the brick beneath me, the wet stain looking like someone had dropped a water balloon straight onto the ground, a giant wet puddle and rivulets scattered everywhere. All from what was maybe a two second mega-leak.

I barely got it back together, my bladder muscles quivering, screaming, barely managed to type on my phone, one last soft beg. To please stop, I was going to full on wet myself and had already started. I was sniffling from the pure tired effort of keeping it in. I was far from strong. I was about to keel over and collapse into a wet mess.

Biku realized this, and called a cease-fire. It was the end game, and he knew it, and wanted to see if I'd make it that final stretch. He put the hound back on the leash, and she backed off before she could finish me off.

Upon being told to go, I hobbled back to the door of the college. I left a trail the whole way. My bladder control was gone, and I kept spurting, sputtering, and dribbling with every pulse, straight into my clothes and onto the ground. The trail from my spot to the door was easy to follow with the eye. I entered the school saw people coming for the door. I initiated ninja training and scurried forward and down the hall to the right as fast as I could, right into what was bathroom #3 in the first challenge. Still leaving droplets pattering behind me, I dove into a stall and locked the door.

My bladder knew where I was, and had none of it. The stream started, slowly but surely, the pitterpattering of drops on the tile underneath me audible enough to make me nearly cry. The front of my skirt was drenched, absolutely no saving it. I didn't bother to try moving it out of the way as I once more hooked my thumbs around the band of my poor panties and pulled them down, seeing them having been soaked every which way. It was surreal, seeing my borderline loss of control up close, pulling down my underwear and seeing firsthand the drops leaving me and striking my panties as they fell around my ankles yet again, falling into the small puddle beneath my feet, even the cute waistband receiving damage.

I plopped onto the toilet. I had lost the battle...but I had won the war, and once more claimed victory. I spewed the inner river of my turmoil into the toilet bowl, knees together as I arched my back leaning forward and turning my head upward, not daring to look at the mess below and letting that small shame destroy my greater victory. Against all odds and torment, I once again had made it. Timing this one, the pee lasted over a minute. Half the length of the previous one, but the sensation of my poor bladder getting the relief it had been murdering me to get was pure bliss. Pure, and utter, fucking, bliss. The bliss of a hard earned success.

My bladder wasn't the same for the rest of the day. Luckily, I had a change of clothes, and was able to go about the rest of my day and observe my functions without any issue, except for a close call after a meeting I had, and then another on the drive home that required a rest stop for a 10 minute drive. Yeah, my bladder was so weak I couldn't last a 10 minute drive without having to stop for another toilet victory. But all and all, this experiment for science? Yeah no, it wasn't that bad.

There's something about the taste of victory that really hits all those nice feelings. While I'm mostly a fan of desperation and accidents, even I can't deny that maybe there's something about actually making it at the very brink that has its own separate appeal, at least when doing it rather than watching. After all, if I continue having accidents in my experiences, there's gotta be a couple of victories in order to make the losses feel like losses. And all the losses I've had, really made these victories feel like victories. Maybe, just maybe there's something to this whole "just made it" thing. I'll be flayed alive in the discord for saying so, but don't take this as a conversion. Just a curt nod of respect and acknowledgement.

The moral of the story is, I have a very unique way of paying for art. And I'm probably going to end up doing it again.

###

This entire debacle is going to be the basis for some Biku art later. So stay absolutely tuned. Tuned as fuck. TUNED. THIS. THIS THING. ^ THAT. IS GOING TO BE BIKU'D. SO THAT. STAY. TUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNED.

