Pad and pantie wetting

Author: AquaticGoddess

*000*2018-10-10 15:38

So, my flatmates went out for an indeterminate amount of time this afternoon and, for once, they left me with a full bladder!

I waved my two flatmates off but it wasn't until the door shut that I realised what an opportunity I had been given. I was tempted to use one of my pull-ups but I was worried I would not be able to dispose of it in time so I thought I would have a little play without a full wet. I went to the bathroom and pulled out one of my heaviest period pads from a cupboard. I was kind of curious how much it could hold and, as I rationalised, if I was only doing a partial wet then it would probably hold that. Bonus, they're easy to dispose off (pull-ups weigh a lot in the bathroom bin and a small bag in the normal bin would stand out as unusual if one of my flatmates took out the trash!).

I logged on to my Tumblr and loaded up some inspiration. As I started to get excited, and empowered, by the concept of wetting I slowly started to let myself relax. I stood there watching my phone and, in between videos, my own stream slowly turning the white pad a translucent form of pale yellow, almost pastel. As I was wetting I realised that urine wasn't the only liquid that was making the pad wet! I was really getting into making sure I wet every single part of the pad when the harder thuds of liquid hitting tile alerted me I had started leaking on to the tiled floor! I belatedly realised that the pee had travelled from the pad (which had reached capacity) down the wings saturating them and then running to the floor. Panicking I quickly waddled to the toilet and sat down. This is where, turned on by all I had done so far, I decided to try something I had never tried before: pantie wetting!

I removed the sodden pad from my panties (rather easily as the sticky had failed with the amount of liquid now saturating it) and pulled up my panties so they were on normally making sure that my skirt, which I had been wearing the whole time, was neatly out the way. Then I peed. I only managed to let go of a small spurt and I was kind of worried that that was all I had left after my previous play. I watched another video of someone losing control and it was like a dam broke and I was peeing full force through my black panties and into the toilet below. 

I loved the feeling of the warmth which is similar to a pull-up but oh so more exciting as you can hear the pee making a bid for freedom. I sat and peed contently for about 30 seconds listening to the sounds of my pee falling combine with those of the girl on the video I was watching. As the last drop hit the water it was like the break in a trance. I suddenly realised what I had done and how much I needed to tidy to dispose of the evidence before my flatmates returned (which could be any minute). Somehow, that element of danger had been such a turn on until the consequences of actually being caught became a real possibility.

I double bagged the pad and threw it hastily into the bathroom bin which was the easy part. I then wrung out my now soaked, black panties into the toilet and threw them on the floor in the slight puddle I had made earlier. Mad dash to my bedroom to grab my towel, I raced back to the bathroom and grabbed the panties. I threw those on the floor in the shower and turned the shower on. I then opened one of the bathroom cupboards and grabbed some cleaning supplies to quickly clean up and, I really hope, cover the smell of the pee. After that I quickly jumped in the shower to wash my bottom half off and rinse out the panties I had been wearing so I could dry them in my room before throwing them in a wash later.

Jumping out the shower quickly. I dried myself off and dried the bottom of the shower as best I could so it wouldn't be weird that I had mysteriously had a second shower today before replacing my skirt. So now I'm here and, as I started typing this, my flatmates just returned so I had timed it to perfection. Now I'm sitting here with no panties on and so desperate to finish off but unable to for now....to be continued and I hope you enjoyed the story. This is definitely one of the best wetting experiences I have done so far. I both really want to do it again RIGHT NOW and also have a happy conclusion but, with the flat no longer to myself, I can do neither of those things. So, I'll sign this off from your very content, and slightly frustrated, AquaticGoddess!

