Dribbles in my gym shorts

Author: KAQSW

*000*2021-12-02 03:10

A little nervous for my first real post but here it goes. Got a little bold today going for a workout and said maybe I’d leak some in my boxers when going to the bathroom if I needed to badly enough and then toss my shorts back on over like nothing happened. Well as it would be, as I finished and went to change (I bring extra layers to wear to & from since it’s getting colder) and decided it would be a good chance to try it. Got myself into a stall and tugged my shorts down but left my boxer briefs completely on and worked out a couple nice spurts before finishing in the toilet like a good boy. After that I threw my sweats on over and left with no one the wiser while being nice and wet all on my crotch.

$$

*003*2021-12-02 16:42

{{11 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Great feeling?!

}}

Really great feeling. It took a bit to start going but leaving and walking past people who couldn’t tell I was wet was great.

And the idea of going mid-workout has definitely occurred. Maybe later in the week I’ll make sure I have to go enough earlier in the day and try that.

*006*2021-12-03 05:01

{{9 hours ago, BladderLad said:

That’s more than a little leak!!!

}}

Maybe I undersold it a bit haha. Definitely a couple good spurts.

*007*2021-12-08 01:34

So I’ve finally gotten around to getting wet mid-workout like @Alex62 and @Snowpants had suggested. Wondering if I should include it here or make a separate post about the incident

*009*2021-12-08 02:48

{{39 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

I don’t think I suggested that but I would definitely like it so I might have lol but post it here!

}}

I could definitely be mistaken and it could’ve just been Snow who mentioned it. I’ll make it separate from this comment since it’s a bit of a story.

*011*2021-12-08 03:17

So here’s my 2nd wetting at the gym. After a little encouragement above I’d decided that my next little “accident” would be during my workout instead of after it where I’d have a chance to secretly parade around in wet boxers under the cover of some dark shorts, and that’s exactly what I did today. After about 2/3 of my workout (pull day for any gym buffs) I definitely needed a break to go pee. So I calmly walked into the locker room and found an open stall where I got myself nice and ready and just lowered my shorts enough to expose my boxers.

After a bit of nerves I shot a nice stream straight into them wetting basically my whole crotch. Once I controlled that stream I finished in the toilet and yanked my shorts back up and washed up. Now I still have exercises to do so I kinda shyly walked back on to the gym floor with my nice and wet boxers pretty hidden under my black/red shorts. The idea I’d be seen was always in my head but I stayed in the gym for about another 30min, and even talked to a couple friends all while wearing my accident under my shorts. Definitely a great feeling and having the idea someone would find out id pissed myself was such a rush. This might have to be a new thing for me

I included a clip of the actual wetting and a pic from right before I went back out of the stall and 1 showing the eventual damage when I got home

FullSizeRender.mov

$$

$$

*015*2021-12-08 22:06

Thank you everyone ! I definitely enjoyed it a lot and had a fun during and after. Now that I’m a little more comfortable with it I might start experimenting with what else I can wear and still hide that I’ve wet myself

