Omorashi Movie Challenge!

Author: Marlee

*000*2019-03-20 18:04

Well hello everyone! What a wonderful night it has been! It's actually been quite eventful omo-wise. Boy do I have a story for you all today!

So, we begin earlier today when I approached my boyfriend about possibly coming up with a challenge for me to do. He never fails to deliver and gave me an incredibly specific one. Here were the rules to start off with:

Movie based challenge

This challenge consists of you watching a movie while you are desperate, however you must change the position you are ia at the specified times. You must be fully clothed, and your pants must have a tight or semi-tight waistband.

Start off the challenge by getting to the point where you only kind of need to pee

Pick a movie of your choice (must be at least 1 hr 45 min long)

If it is longer, then you may use the remainder of the movie as a break.

Drink 6-8 oz every 15 minutes

There are going to be 4 positions that you must be in while watching the movie. You have to stay in each one for 15 min and you will get a 15 min break in between each one so set your timer!!! You must complete the positions in this order

Your computer must be on your legs with your arms crossed on top of your bladder so they press down.

Put your computer on your bladder. Press down on your bladder every 5 minutes

Lay on your stomach while on a hard surface. You have to rock your hips so that your bladder presses into the ground

Sit with you computer in between your legs. You can hold yourself every other minute (one minute on and one minute off)

Like I said before you do get 15 minute breaks in between each position. You may choose any position you like as long as you are comfortable. That being said, there are rules to the breaks.

You can cross your legs for 7.5 minutes, the other 7.5 they must not be crossed

You can hold yourself for 7.5 minutes, the other 7.5 you cannot.

If the movie is longer than 1 hr 45 min then you are allowed to do everything you can to hold on.

If you make it all the way to the end of the movie there is one more thing you have to do.

You must go into your bathroom and sit (fully clothed) on the toilet for 5 minutes.

After completing this, you are free to take off everything but your panties to relieve yourself.

Sooo now that we know the rules and everything is clear, let's jump right into it shall we?

I drank about oh maybe 20 ounces or so before starting off, and drinking more as I searched for a movie to use. I decided to do Fifty Shades of Grey. Cheesy I know, but hey what can I say? I'm the exact demographic this movie is marketed toward. At this point in time, I had to go, but not bad. This was actually my downfall I feel like. Because knowing me, I love and really do enjoy a challenge. My boyfriend had told me before, that how I started off was going to dictate how the rest of the challenge went. Expecting a really hard challenge I started off having to go, but not a whole lot. I started off the movie and began the first position.

While this position was a little difficult I suppose, it wasn't awful. I wasn't desperate, the urge was there but my bladder wasn't nearly full enough to have any complaints or for the weight of my arms to really do anything to it. I would occasionally press even harder and of course that would help me feel something. Because I wanted more of a challenge right then and was thinking this whole thing wasn't even going to be bad, I decided to drink much more than the required amount.

In the first 15 minutes I drank about 3/4 of my hydro flask. I have the forty ounce one so I had about 30 ounces. I didn't really feel it at all as I was drinking, but I hoped it would kick in soon enough. Now friends, this was a big big mistake. The first fifteen minutes seemed like a breeze. I hardly had to go at all, the rest of the challenge seemed like an easy climb. The top of it well within my reach. I even called my boyfriend who wrote up the challenge and told him to make it harder next time. Well long story short, he really doesn't need to make it worse. You'll see why later.

During the break I was honestly fine. A tiny ping at me if anything. I only crossed my legs for the alotted time, I didn't hold myself at all. Of course I did as was instructed and dank the water that I needed. Possibly a bit more during this particular break. But it wasn't really bad. I finished up my hydro flask in this time and went to refill it. I had my timer set for each challenge that passed by. fifteen minute position, and fifteen minute break. By now half an hour had passed and I was only hardly feeling it. The water I had been drinking hadn't quite hit me just yet.

By the time the second position came around I was semi-feeling it. I had to have the computer on my bladder and press every five minutes for this position. I laid in bed with my knees up, propping up my computer that was digging into my bladder. By this time my bladder was filling and I knew it. I had set a timer for five minutes and every time it rang, I would press down for 15-30 seconds or enough time to make myself moan just a little bit. The first time I had pressed down I didn't feel much but my bladder was definitely more full than it had been just a few minutes ago. I was glad to know I was filling up and looking forward to the challenge ahead of me. By the second time I had to press, I leaked a lot. This was my first leak, and let me tell you my friends, the first of many. I had been wearing a pajama tank top, blue-teal underwear, and red designed pants that cling to me, only to fan out at the bottoms (think bell bottoms but out of cotton and spandex).

I had a small wet spot in my pants, but not enough to be completely noticeable. By now, the computer digging into my bladder felt uncomfortable. Like really uncomfortable. I kept going to move it, only to remember the rules and place it right back where it was. I felt myself leaking more and more. By the time the last timer rang, I really had to go and was bursting. I pressed down on my bladder and a big gush came out of me. It completely soaked my pants, all around my butt and thighs. As per the rules I wasn't aloud to take off my pants so I had to sit in my small puddle for the break between positions.

During the break was when I really started feeling it. I felt my bladder bulging out and decided to lay on my side as that provided the most relief for me. I kept leaking every few seconds. I felt everything in my bladder sloshing as I rolled onto my side. I was Trying to to cross my legs and hold myself. But knowing that I only had a limited time to do so killed me. After I had officially ran out of time, I was a mess. I was leaking a lot, and while laying on my side, it was pooling around my legs. I was just in a puddle of my own pee but I wasn't aloud to change or take them off. So I didn't. I was sitting there, absolutely bursting in my sheets and pants that were both near soaking. I still had a lot to go in the movie and at this point in time, I was questioning if I could make it or not.

For the third position, I was a bit confused for it. I tried calling my boyfriend to clarify but he did not pick up, even after two missed calls. To make sure I didn't do it wrong, and that it would satisfy his standards, I rolled up the blanket I was using at the time and laid on my stomach with my bladder pushed by the blanket. Now let me tell you, I don't think there was a single time I stopped leaking. Luckily I had set out towels, but now, I had a huge wet spot down my front, my side and the back. My pants were pretty much done for and I couldn't take them off. Since they were bell-bottom like, they clung to me in the top which set the pee right up against me.

I had to sit there and they would only get worse as time went on. Laying with my bladder being constantly pushed was a real struggle. Tears were forming at my eyes as I had to keep from loosing it all. I drank my water to distract myself, but that was a double edged sword as my bladder would only get fuller as I did. Which made it worse in the end. My room mate was sleeping on the other side of the wall, so I had to keep the moans that this position was causing as quiet as I could. Luckily she didn't mention anything the next morning but I'm sure she did hear two or three of them as I pushed my hips against the rolled up blanket.

This blanket really dug into me and made me just want to loose it. But I loved the feeling of being so close, and rubbing up against it. I loved the feeling of bringing it the to the very top of my bladder all the way down to the bottom.

I was very happy to hear my timer go off my second-to-final break had begun. I set it for 7 1/2 minutes to hold myself. Now this is when I REALLY had to go. What I did during these few minutes which gave me some relief, but also was a double-edged sword of sorts. I would put my fingers so that they covered up my urethra and let it go. Of course nothing came out, as my fingers blocked it, but the relief and relaxation of my muscles felt so nice. Like I said, this was a double-edged sword as there would come a time where I had to stop. Every single time I would struggle to stop and when I thought I did, I would move my fingers only to be greeted with a large stream. This of course did my already soaked underwear and pants no help. I had given up on them possibly drying as this point. My bladder was really bulging and out there. while letting go felt great, not being able to made it worse.

When my 7 1/2 minutes where and I could only cross my legs for the final of the break, I truly thought I would loose it and wet myself. I leaked a whole lot in this time, and of course, I drank as much as I leaked. I had to make it fair. I'm sure at this point, rivers were flowing out of me, and through my pants as if they didn't even exist. The towels I had laid out were doing their job, but I added more which I found to be a very good decision. I cursed myself for using up the 7 1/2 minutes that I had to hold myself to cheat. But I'm no cheater. To make sure I didn't hold myself, I had my hands behind my back. So I was there, on a bed of towels, in soaking panties and pants, with my hands behind my back, watching my movie.

The last position was by far the hardest. I was terrified that if I leaked it would shoot on to the computer that I was watching on. So I had my legs spread, and you better believe I was watching the clock down to the second. Every time I was aloud to hold myself I would, and when i had to stop, I was wishing the entire time I could. At this point I was hardly paying any attention to the movie (I had seen it before anyways). I was more wishing it would end constantly than anything else. While I was holding myself I was doing the same thing I did during my break, where I cover up my urethra and push my pee out and relaxed all my muscles.

After about two minutes (separated by a minute each of course) I decided to stop that and focus on just holding it. It was getting wayyyyy too intense for my taste and I was terrified of breaking my laptop by peeing all over it. Because of this, I couldn't let go. I just couldn't I didn't know what to do but I knew I couldn't just pee everywhere. By my you could ring my pants out. They were dripping by the time the last position was over and I had to get up to refill my water bottle.

Leaving a trail of pee as I went, I walked downstairs and filled my water bottle up. (The sound. THE SOUND MADE IT SO MUCH WORSE). This was the point I decided to do something crazy. Really crazy. I downed about 3/4 of that hydro flask before I even got back up to my room. I still had about half an hour of the movie left and boyyyy was that a mistake. I felt it straight away. My bladder got heavier with every gulp and I knew I couldn't make it much longer. My boyfriend who was facetiming me throughout can vouch for me that I was a tensed, moaning mess this entire time.

I kept saying "I can't Ace I can't" to which he replied "You can and you will" That settles that I guess. Now, unfortunately I had the uncut version of Fifty Shades of Grey. For those of you that don't know it has an alternate ending that's about a minute or so of extra scenes after the original ending. Spoiler alert, it's basically Anna crying in the rain while remember all of the couples good times. Now for those of you who didn't catch that, crying in the RAIN. And watching THAT while I'm bursting and about to wetting myself is basically hell.

When the damn movie was over, I ran myself to the bathroom. As per the rules, I had to sit there, on the toilet fully clothed. Luckily I was aloud to hold myself. Every inch of me was just begging to let go. That's all I wanted to do. Just myself myself through my pants into the toilet. That's what my body was begging of me. I watched every second count down and tears were rolling down my face. This was the worst I had ever had to go in my life.

When the timer rang I stood up, three off my pants and went in my panties. It felt so nice letting go of all of the pressure that had been built up. It didn't take long either as when I go, I go fast and all of it floods out.

I was able to change and get out of my soaked panties. I felt a lot better after letting it go. I was glad to have let it go after holding so much for so long.

