Planned wetting experience while gaming

Author: Supersoak

*000*2022-04-18 20:40

So I am off today and I figured I would get creative. I have already drank a large bubble tea and a couple bottles of water so I am already feeling a good amount of pressure. (Over the course of hours)

My plan is to spend the evening and night gaming without getting up for the bathroom once. So i got 2 really thick towels. The first I folded in half and wrapped it around myself like a diaper before putting on my jeans. The other I folded and put on my gaming chair. I am also going to wrap a really think old sweater around my waist. (I could have just worn a diaper but I prefer the naughtyness and feeling of wetting my pants, this seems like the best of both worlds.)

I am so excited to see how wet I can get by the end of the night and of course I plan to stay very hydrated.

I love the idea that nobody I am playing with will know. Who knows I might get so horny being wet that I have a little extra fun at the same time

I wonder if that will be enought to capture all the pee if not RIP the carpet under my chair. I'll try to keep this updated as things happen, for now here is a pic while I am dry but probably not for too long since I am getting fidgety lol

$$

*001*2022-04-18 21:21

Well I am finally sitting down and the pressure on my bladder really increased. I can really feel the tighness on my bladder. My heart is pounding at the thought of losing the battle of holding and feeling the sweet relief as I flood myself with hot pee.

I couldn't help myself so I let out a few spurts. It was such a tease to feel the tiny bit of warmth grow in my crotch. It got absorbed up pretty quick so I am not feeling wet. I have a tendency when I let go to have a very powerful / thick stream. I can't wait for the feeling of my warm pee pooling around me and then being soaked up. The anticipation is unreal as I am now shifting side to side and back and forth.

*003*2022-04-18 23:59

This might be my new favourite way to wet!❤

So far I have wet twice and I think by the end of the night the carpet is definetly going to be wet. The towel is now drenched and my jeans are very wet but the sweater seems to be only slightly damp. 10/10 would recommend.

That first time, as my desperation peaked, i was shaking and finally a torrent of pee errupted from me. The towel kept the hot pee close to me and I could feel it slowly spreading from my crotch down to my thighs and slowly pooling under my bum. It seemed to go on for so long despite such an explosive stream and it took everything I had not to sigh out loud while on mic. The feeling of relief combined with the naughtyness made me instantly hard. As soon as the game had a lul I reached in my pants under the towel to grab my cock and my boxers were so wet that pee slipped between my fingers, but that was all I had time for

The second time I was not as desperate but just couldn't wait to wet again. As soon as I started peeing someone on discord asked me a question and I had to try and respond like all was normal... not sure I succeeded but that definetly got me horny again.

Right now i can feel my bladder filling up but this time i plan to hold it for as long as I can and if anyone comments how are you feeling I will try to give you a detailed description.

$$

$$

