Slightly Drunk wetting

Author: runsy

*000*2011-08-30 05:37

To preface this post, we go back a week. I was happily dating my fiance whom I had been dating for 7 years. She went away for a few months to become a camp nurse for a camp that catered to disabled people of all kinds. Well, while she was down there, she had been cheating on me with a female coworker, and came back home simply to tell me she was leaving, and moving to San Diego (about 7 hours away) with this woman.

So here I am, without any female supervision, feeling a bit naughty. I suppose in a little time, I will look for a female companion to spend the rest of my life with, but for now, I intend to tell you all about the fantastic buzz I have going, and how I let myself get desperate enough to wet myself.

Please note: This is not a drunk wetting, I am completely coherent and I'm sure my grammar and spelling will do just fine to assist me in proving so.

I got home from work as usual, except yesterday being the weekend it was, I had went out, and bought some furniture to replace that which my ex had taken. I still needed to build some drawers for my dresser, and had my laptop up, hoping to see the latest Sandra or Lunaria video (yes, I think they are completely hot!!). So as I began building, I began to realize, "Hey, I could make myself desperate, this will be fun!" and quickly sprang into action, grabbing some beer from my fridge (I live alone now, so it's awesome!) hmm... Kona Longboard Ale... not my favorite... actually, I don't even like beer! but whatever, She who shall not be named left them, so YAY!

I drank my first beer, and had a good time. You see, I have anxiety disorder, where I get kinda panicky in new or uncomfortable situations, the inability to keep my mind from overpowering me is a bit awkward at best. So with one beer, I'm already feeling tipsy (thanks to my brain who goes "oh! you have beer.. so therefore you're drunk!"). Yeah, buzz achieved, what's next? I'll grab another. I began to imbibe of my second ale, and it somehow tasted better. I finished it quicker, and talked to my friend on AIM about how I was feeling. Third beer? huh... Red Nectar... I bet I'm drunk enough to not care about the taste. Something told me that I wouldn't have enjoyed the taste sober, but it was quite fine now.

I started to feel desperate, I could feel the weight in my gut. My bladder began to give me those pains, but it didn't hurt this time around. It simply felt like a strain, a push. I could feel it at the base of my member (I am a guy by the way). It almost felt like it was trying to escape already!

"Too early" I thought. I decided to go for some water, to not only make myself more desperate, but to keep myself from getting dehydrated, so I wont feel the effects of a hangover. After three glasses I felt satiated, but the strain on my bladder was only getting worse. I began walking back into my bedroom, and saw my laptop on the dresser I had been building. Some webcam clips on ua-teens.com had finished downloading. Too bad there was no desperation though. I walked to the edge of my bed, and began to sit. Oh no... that was the wrong thing to do. I felt a jet of urine pierce my barrier I had set for it. The jet screamed to the tip, but I held it back, flexed my urethra hard, and let it suck itself back into the shaft. I was going to pee.

I quickly turned on my webcam, and stood in front of it in jeans and a T-shirt. I wiggled back and forth. I had full intention of posting the video to this site. I felt another jet shoot up and just slip past the tip. It rubbed against my boxers, and created a damp feeling for the tip to rub against. I began to fumble around, grab the shaft, do whatever I can to keep the pee from welling up again and overflowing off the tip. In desperation, I love to watch women squirm, and hold it, even as it's leaking. I love to see it slowly drip, then stop, then drip some more. My goal was to do them same. I began to hold tightly, but that wasn't working. I could feel the pee pushing up again, and no muscle pull was going to stop it.

I held my muscles tightly, they didn't relax, but the pee still squeezed it's way through the shaft. As hard as I was, I wasn't firm enough to stem this flow. it dribbled out of the hole in the tip, running straight through my boxers and into my jeans. I looked down to see my jeans dampen, and watched the flow dye my left leg a dark blue. I was helpless, I couldn't stop, or maybe I wouldn't stop. it felt so good, almost better than cumming. I watched it as my pants would continue to darken and glisten. It would glisten as the pee seeped through the denim and followed the form of my jeans all the way to the towel on the floor. I felt the pee stream across my leg like warm bath water, soothing it on the way down. I began to drop straight from the crotch of my jeans as the flow picked up speed. I watched as drip after drip fell from my crotch before stopping. I held my stomach as I felt it shrink, my bladder was slowly emptying itself.

I continued to watch the pee seep off of my feet and into the towel on the ground. I felt like celebrating. "Finally I can contribute my video to Animepee!" I watch myself in the laptop screen, not sure what was being captured and what wasn't. The experience was too good to worry about anything now. The last drips fell from my crotch, but I was still letting go. The flow had formed it's way down my leg, and was softly resting at my feet. I began to feel naughty again, and unzipped my pants, showing just how wet my boxers had become in my wetting. A large patch was evident on my gray boxers, as my member rested firmly against the grey dampness. I pulled down my boxers, right before stopping the footage, again feeling naughty enough to display myself.

I hoped the video had captured every moment of bliss. I wanted you all to see exactly what I had felt. Unfortunately, the video is dark, and near impossible to see what events transpired during the wetting. However, if I receive positive desires of the video based on people reading this story, I will post it, and hope you all enjoy.

Thank you all,

Kevin

*003*2011-09-08 23:08

Well thank you. The main problem I'm having is the fact that I used my laptop webcam, and its fps seems really poor. There were many times in the video where the stream was quite literally falling out my jeans but you wouldn't know it based on the quality. I will attempt to uplaod it tonight, so I hope it will meet expectations.

*006*2012-02-08 15:09

Haha, youre welcome

