Desperately Watching Television (with pictures)

Author: Lils

*000*2020-10-17 20:10

So, tonight, after dinner, I was craving some tea. And then some more, and then some more. Without realising, I drank about six glasses of tea in a two hour time span. It was slightly chilly in my house, so the warm drink in my hands was a nice distraction. On top of that, I slightly oversalted my dinner so I was thirsty. When 19:30 came around, I felt quite the need to go to the bathroom. But then... thinking back of all that tea and all those nice juices in my body, I decided it was time for a new hold. My favorite TV-show was coming on at 20:30, finishing at 21:30 and I would not be allowed to go the the toilet before the show would end... Challenge accepted.

But first, let me tell you a little about myself. I'm a young woman/girl/lady (whatever you like best) in her mid-twenties. I have blonde hair, that curls around my shoulders (on a good day, do not ask what it looks like on a bad day). I have always been a bit overweight, but since Corona... well, let's just say I'm not the most happy with how I look and how much weight I have gained from sitting in quarantine eating away my covid-sadness all day. This particular evening I was wearing blue socks, medium blue skinny jeans, grey hipsters, a black t-shirt and a vest. So now you've got the mental image, let me continue to tell you about my evening.

I spend an hour browsing the forum and looking at some new wetting experiences (for all of you who share your wetting experiences - especially the male wetting experiences and videos - thank you so much, I enjoy them immensly). The pressure on my bladder was growing, quite fast due to all the tea I had consumed and the fact that I was still sipping away at another two cups of flavorful warm liquid. Before not to long, my alarm clock warned me that my TV show was about the start (and I have to be on time, since I didn't want to spend extra money on the rewind-function).

I laid down on the couch, and immediately unbuttoned my jeans and slid the zipper down a bit to release some of the pressure on my bladder. I could feel that the lowest part of my belly was swollen and full, almost hard to the touch (I did not do too much touching, for fear of increasing my desperation). I struggled a bit to find a comfortable position, but I was okay for the first 20 minutes of the show.

After 20 minutes I started looking at my watch. Normally with this show, I would be dissappointed how fast the time would fly and that the episode wasn't longer, but now I couldn't wait for it to end. I could no longer lie on the couch, and started pacing around in my small living room. After five minutes I checked the time again, a hand between my legs to put pressure on myself to make holding a little easier. I now knew that I was definitely not going to make it to the rest of my show. I also knew that I didn't fancy watching TV while sitting on the floor in wet clothes (no way I would pee on my couch, it cannot handle liquid well - I learned from spilling tea on it).

I knew I had to release some of the pressure, take the edge of, and I wanted to do this without wetting my pants already - I did not want to give up that easily. I grabbed by tea mug, and quickly pushed my pants down. I allowed myself a small moment of release, filling not even half the tea mug, and decided that should be enough to be able to watch the rest of the show. I deposited my pee down the sink, and put the mug in the dishwasher (as to not accidently use it again for tea).

$$

I sat back down on the couch again,and felt way more comfortable with just a bit of wee out of the way. I watched another 20 minutes of the show. I looked at the clock again. My bladder was allmost back to the pressure from before I gave it a tiny release. I started wiggling around on the couch, putting tension on the muscles in my upper legs. It helped a bit, but soon it wasn't enough any more. I stood up and started pacing around again, holding myself through my jeans, slightly bending over. I held on like this for about five more minutes, untill I felt the tiniest bit of wetness and warmness escaping me. The first micro leak. I could not even feel it on my jeans, and it did nothing for the desperation I was feeling. I had five more minutes of the show to go.

I tried sitting down again, but that was a very bad idea. I immediately got up, and froze as I felt more pee escaping, this time clearly more liquid as I felt it wet my underwear run over my butt cheeks. I discreetly checked and there was a wet patch on my jeans about the size of a grapefruit (larger than an orange). (I hope you can see it a bit in the picture below.) I was moaning slightly and making more desperate noises while trying to hold it in.

$$

I kept pacing around, apparently the small leak was enough to release some of the pressure, and I felt kind of okay again. However, that feeling only lasted about three minutes. My breathing started to get laboured again, as I had to breathe in a pattern to not stress anything that could affect my bladder. I was making smalll noises in an effort to hold it, not having to be carefull as I was home alone. As the show was ending, and I stood still to shut of the television, I felt another spurt escaping me. And another. I pressed my tights together, but I could no longer help it. The spurts became a stream of warm pee running through my pants. I was quickly wetting them and I almosted moaned in release. Although I did not make my goal of holding it throughout the entire show (also because I released a bit in the cup) it felt so good to be able to let it go.

$$

$$

The flooding of my jeans just went on and on and on, and a puddle was forming around my feet. In the end, my jeans ended up being so soacked, that they were allmost one uniform color again. I felt so relieved to have the release of emptying my bladder, even if I didn't make it to the end of the show (and thus the toilet). And it allmost feels like with the pee, also some of the stress I was feeling washed away. Maybe I should do more of the wetting-desperation-COVID-stress-release.

$$

I hope you enjoyed my experience and the pictures included. Normally, I do not really share pictures of myself for privacy's sake, but I though these would be okay.

And now... I already feel a new slight urge to pee. And I'm thirsty. And turned on.

*006*2020-10-21 17:11

{{On 10/17/2020 at 11:29 PM, New_Macca said:

Wow thank you so much for sharing this is fantastic and you did so well after drinking so much! I bet you did not feel like stopping when went in mug but showed great control to do so and I bet relief to wee so much finally was incredible.

}}

Yes, it was difficult, and I did lose some dropplets in my pants after that.

{{On 10/18/2020 at 3:13 AM, love2peemyself said:

This is so cuuuuuute and so adorable

Thanks a lot for sharing it

Me too I have a lot of male stories (happened to me) to tell you

}}

Please tell your stories!

