Forced to hold a full morning bladder

Author: IHTPP

*000*2021-06-28 23:19

So my fiancee and i just moved to a new location, and we had a moving company move our stuff. We had gotten all our stuff except the washer a dryer, they were coming separately thee next week. He wanted me to do a hold one night, drink a bunch and take some melatonin so i would sleep through the night and wake up busting. Well i did that, and woke up to someone banging on the door.

I woke up abruptly at about 8:30am, pretty much filled to the brim. He woke up and we ran out the room, me shirtless in my sleep shorts and I saw my beyond distended bladder begging to be emptied. I opened the door to see them delivering. The problem with this being is the hookups were in our only bathroom. I invited them in and they began to immediately wheel them in. I glanced at my fiancee and he looked at my lower abdomen, seeing my discomfort he pulled me down to the couch and I crunched my legs together. 30 minutes pass of me nearly crying, it was so fucking full and me not going was completely against what I enjoy. He comes out and says he has to change the dryer cord, but i had to sign something before he did it.

I got up to shocks banging at my dick, it wanting to flood out of me instantly. I noticed my bladder again, it looked like like i was pregnant. I signed and walked briskly to sit back down. My fiancée kept giving me big eye balls knowing i was holding back a massive piss. He went back to work.

"Are you so full."

"Babe i am so full i'm surprised i'm dry. It literally feels like there isn't a centimeter left of room. It took another 45 minutes and he finished. As soon I shut the door behind him, my fiancée ripped my shorts down reveal my swollen dick. A very powerful squirt shot out soaking the front of his chest.

"I cant..... hold it..... any-" I said and the stream erupted from me. flooding his chest and down to his own dick. I peed for minutes, it was pure ecstasy.

