Pro-omo breathing patterns

Author: realmadrid

*000*2018-02-06 02:31

I am currently in a medical program, and I am in a rotation studying Maternity. I study with mostly female classmates, which creates an atmosphere more conducive to "omo" subject matters.

Anyway, today was a lecture about Maternal assessment, and care during labor. The subject matter concerns checking the mother's health condition during labor, ensuring maximal comfort, and assisting in proper technique for inducing labor. The lecture, and its practical portions have been interesting thus far; however, we are now 15 minutes from the cessation of a 2 hour lesson.

Naturally, you would expect a good number of people to get desperate after several hours of sitting in one place, and indeed I could see several female classmates fidgeting. [An innate sense developed through years of this damn fetish]. It was clear that some were ready to run out to the bathroom, and yet nobody would budge in fear of missing an important detail.

Well here's an important detail, we are about to cover the subject of breathing patterns and maneuvers aimed at promoting contractions via taking deep breaths while pressing hard on your abdominal floor a.k.a the worst nightmare of a bunch of bursting bladders.

Just like every other technique we learn in lab, we all have to try it out to learn it.

My instructor explains, "This first technique is a simple breathing technique aimed at relieving anxiety in the mother during labor. So try it out: close your eyes, take a nice deep breath in, and slowly exhale".

Instantly, I get hard at the realization that this will make somebody need to pee more than they expected. Devious as I am, I did not close my eyes, and instead I kept an eye what was going on. As the girl brown-haired girl next to me took her second breath in, she threw her hand in her crotch and clenched her legs. Another girl adjacent to me placed her one leg on top of her other in obvious desperation as well. It was getting heated for me.

The next and final technique was a valsalva maneuver.

My instructor continued, "Continue those nice and deep breaths, but now bear down hard onto your pelvic floor as if you are going to bathroom." [I'm thinking, are my classmates really going to do this?]

Yes, they did. 4 girls instantly grabbed their crotches as they did the maneuver, and the brown-haired girl jumped up and ran out of the room with her hand in the crotch of her tight jeans

My instructor noticing the situation, gave a slightly red-faced admission, "I should've mentioned that you not try this if you have a full-bladder".

And, I'm just sitting there in heaven looking at my attractive classmates laughing about almost pissing themselves in class for the sake of medical education!

With this desperate predicament, the class came to an end. But the story does not end, because the brown-haired girl came back after most people had left the room, and had told the small group of students remaining the room what had happened.

The maneuver had actually relaxed her so much that she leaked in her pants. So, semi-proudly, she showed the 4 remaining people in the room [including myself] and the instructor the little damp patch on her jeans.

The last act was the instructor making an interesting comment about this not being the first time something like this has happened in a classroom......but i did not pry.

