Life as a bladder shy transman

Author: sissypup

*000*2020-01-21 22:48

So I'm a transman. I go by he/him and most people assume I have a penis by looking at me, but I have a vagina.

I also have a painfully shy bladder, embarrassing relationship with wetting myself, and an omo fetish.

Anyway, I'll share some stories soon, but I thought I'd start just by saying what my life is like. I've always had a weak bladder since childhood and was a chronic bet wetter. This grew into me being very shy about the bathroom which led to more accidents than it prevented which led to more shyness. Now, I manage better, but I still have regular adult accidents. Even when I do make it to the bathroom, I have to use the men's restroom which often only has a few or one stalls next to a line of urinals. I have to wait in line for the guy who has the shits to finish up while person after person come in and relieve themselves next to me.

Not to mention the times that I chicken out of using the bathroom altogether. It's a stressful experience that I often get too anxious to go through with, a reason I've ended up accidentally wetting myself multiple times.

It's a topic of constant embarrassment and shame for me but that I find myself touching myself thinking about later.

*003*2020-01-22 23:31

{{4 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Please, share some stories from your life. I can so relate to your problems and would be interesting to hear how you cope with them.

I'm not trans, just a crossdresser, but I underdress 24/7. Because I also have weak bladder and wear panties and pantyhose even when otherwise dressed as a man, I don't use urinals either and have to wait for stalls no matter which bathroom I use.

}}

Do you always wait for stalls?

One story comes to mind. It was right after I started "passing" as a man and therefore had to start using the men's restroom for fear of consequence. I was drinking at a club with friends and dying for a piss but I walked into the men's bathroom, saw the line of multiple people to the single stall, and went right back to my table. I hate people knowing I have to pee so I hate waiting in line and I thought I'd try later. Awhile passes and I have another drink because the feeling of needing to piss urgently subsided or whatever, but soon it comes back full force, that drunk kind of needing to pee, and I'm fast walking to the bathroom. I'm wearing light grey pants by the way, so I'm pretty worried about any accident happening. There's no line this time but there's one person inside which is usually a blessing, til you hear them struggling to get a shit out.

I'm starting to have to piss so bad that I'm rocking back and forth and holding my thighs together, which to me is mortifying, especially as I'm watching literally dozens of guys walk in, relieve themselves, and walk out within minutes with happy grins on their faces. Anyway, eventually the sound of people pissing starts to get to me and I start to feel like I'm gonna start peeing any second. 

As I'm sure it's obvious I'm pretty shy so it takes until I'm practically leaking til I force myself to knock on the door to try to say something to the person messing. He yells "one sec", I can't get myself to say anything, and then I just start peeing fully into my jeans. I felt like I was paralyzed and I kept peeing forever and ever. Feeling my shoes fill up was the worst part. When the flow finally stopped, there were a few comments and giggles, my worst nightmare. I ended up going to the sink and splashing a ton of water on my pants to try to hide the smell and damage and then leaving without saying bye to anyone.

