My dentist and I were bursting at the urinals

Author: BleachBod

*000*2021-08-02 08:19

Hey, so Im a gay man in his 30s, and last year I had a considerable amount of dental work done.

Now, the clinic I attended was a dental college, and I had a little crush on my student provider. Short guy, but had dark features and was fairly handsome.

During one particular procedure, one of my back teeth ended up being a much bigger project than expected, and I wasnt expecting it to be a long visit at all. I walked in at maybe a 2 or a 3, thinking itd just be a few minutes, but as the clock ticks down, and my dentist starts to get frustrated at the further development of the issue within my mouth.

Helpless, and growing more panicked by the second, I noticed him shifting back and forth a bit, and it hit me: he's in trouble too. I watched him grimace at the work that needed to be done, and press his groin into the corner of the chair for what must have been the closest thing to relief he could get. I normally dont notice it, but his stomach was undeniably full of piss. I couldnt help it: I was getting fairly chubbed up in my jeans.

After a grueling few hours, and quite literally all the other patients and most of the staff leaving, we hurriedly set up the next appointment and both causally ambling to the bathroom.

Hearing the rustling of his pants, while his very hard stream of piss collided with the porcelain of the urinal was pure bliss. Similarly, I was at my absolute limit, and the relief was immeasurable. in the last few years of my life, I have never been so close to wetting myself, and I never knew how truly helpless being desperate in the dentist chair was. Thankfully, it has only happened twice, but both times were agonizing.

As Im sighing deeply and releasing what felt like gallons of piss, I hear him flush and go to wash his hands. Unbelievably, he mentions off-hand "Wow, you really had to go,"

"Yeah, I probably shouldnt drink tea before I come here." I mention casually, still aggressively pissing. He leaves the bathroom, I eventually finish myself, and I quietly appreciate the shared unity of two absolutely desperate men pissing together.

