Wetting on a hike

Author: secretleaker

*000*2022-04-29 23:38

I decided that I was going to wet myself while out on a hike. Now, a little backstory on this, I was holding and the pair of pants I was wearing turned out to be super water (pee) resistant. I had wet myself completely and there was no evidence on the pants at all. That is when I got the idea to see if I could pee myself on a hike.

It was early on a Saturday morning, I got out of bed and took my morning pee. I put on the newly found water repellent pants. I went out for breakfast, had a coffee and then headed home for a little bit. When I got home, I had another cup of coffee. I got my hiking shoes on and grabbed 2 750ml bottles of water.

I headed to the trails that I knew would be quiet when I got there but get busy as the morning rolled on. I drank the one 750ml bottle on the way to the trails and saved the other one to drink as I walked. I showed up to the trails and there was only one other car in the parking lot. "Score" I thought to myself, this should be easy.

I started walking, already feeling pretty full from the first bottle and the 2 cups of coffee. But hey, I wanted to see how far I could walk before really really needing to pee. I got to the turn around point and still hadn't gone pee yet. "That is no good" I thought to myself. I found a nice loop trail that took me around a nice waterfall and back to the turn around point. As I passed the waterfall, the urge to pee really hit me, don't forget, I had the 2nd 750ml bottle of water that was now empty.

I felt a massive urge to pee, so I tried to let some out as I walked but found that since this was the first time wetting while hiking, it was super hard to do. So I stopped, and relaxed a bit to encourage the pee to flow, I started peeing a little and started walking. I peed a little bit, but the walking still made it hard so I stopped peeing, not willing mind you. I pushed the pee out as I walked along, and found I could pee for about 6 or 7 steps before my body shut it down. I kept pushing and peeing as I walked, and at one point I had several people walk past me, none the wiser.

I ended up finding a seldom used side trail, stopped and peed, completely emptying my bladder into my underwear, socks, and sneakers. I then proceeded to finish the rest of the hike, soaked in pee, and no one else knew!

This will happen again!

*004*2022-05-13 22:10

{{On 5/1/2022 at 7:52 AM, Snowpants said:

@secretleaker

Sounds like a great experience. I need to know more about those pants. Can you share the brand?

}}

They are from 5.11 Tactical. They are the TACLITE Pro pant. I started wearing them because of all the crap I carry around at work and they have a lot of pockets. I found out how water (read pee) resistant they are when I ended up having a lazy pee in them. I looked down expecting to see a massive wet spot and saw a tiny little damp spot, from more than 3 feet away, you wouldn't even see. So, I thought I would give them a go out in public. Great pants, highly recommend them.

{{On 5/1/2022 at 1:15 PM, Bobbsind said:

What kind of underwear were you wearing?

}}

The underwear were just a pair of Jockey spandex type thin and kinda silky. Not very absorbent at all.

*008*2022-07-18 19:51

Update to this. If you are looking into these pants, avoid the lighter colors. I tested a pair of light gray and lets just say, they hid the leaks for a little bit, once I let it all flow, there was evidence. That was a fun hike back to my car, thankfully it was a hot day and it could have been sweat. But doesn't matter, still pissed my pants in public again.

