Desperate job interview

Author: OmoL

*000*2020-02-18 15:57

So an experience I had the other week while at a job interview, wearing a dark blue suit with a burgundy tie. I'd had a large mug of tea before leaving the flat earlier, and with quite a few people in the queue to be interviewed before me I decided to drink a glass of water while I waited.

Eventually it was my turn, with the interview itself lasting about 15 minutes. After it had finished, I left the building, and realised I probably should have used their bathrooms before heading outside.

"No matter, it was just one glass of water" I told myself (forgetting the mug of tea I'd had earlier), and headed to the bus stop to catch the bus back to my flat. Unfortunately the bus company along this line is really unpredictable, with there potentially being quite a long time between buses, and as I got to the station I saw one that had just pulled away. Great.

As expected, another bus took quite a while to show, and by the time it did I was definitely regretting not using the bathroom at the office building. I was starting to shift my weight slightly from one foot to the other, wondering if I should try and find a public loo, when a bus came around the corner. Not wanting to have to wait for another, I got on board and found a seat.

My bladder filled quickly, and it soon began to ache with the pressure building up inside. I crossed my legs one way, then another, and tried to distract myself with my phone. Each time the bus stopped and started made my need worse, and I was starting to get nervous. I didn't know of any bathrooms along the route though, so I continued to hold.

When my stop came, I thanked the bus driver as I got off and started to walk towards the block of flats I live in. It was only about a five minute walk away, but by this point I had to pee so badly that I couldn't walk normally. My thighs were constantly pressed together, and I desperately wanted to grab my crotch.

I made it inside the building, and quickly headed to the staircase. Each step sent a jolt through my bladder, and the knowledge that I was getting close to a bathroom only made the need worse. I was frantic by the time I got to my front door, rushing in and immediately running to the bathroom.

I danced about desperately in front of the toilet for a moment, feeling a small leak dribble out of me and dampen my underwear. I managed to get it under control again though, before quickly pulling down my trousers, aiming, and then moaning in relief...

*003*2020-02-20 08:52

Glad you guys liked it! It's definitely not the first time I've been desperate in this situation, though it's probably one of the closer calls!

*007*2020-02-24 14:49

Thanks both!

