Requested Public Challenge!

Author: Marlee

*000*2019-07-23 00:37

Okay y'all its been about a thousand years. I know I keep saying that I'd post but I really never do sooooooo ya. Oops. Sorry. But I have a good one for you today. This was a request from a user whom wishes to remain anonymous. I've chatted a lot with this person via this website and they're pretty neato. They came up with this challenge and oh my gosh was it interesting. So let us lovers of pee and desperation dive in.

This challenge was a series of pretty complicated steps. It required a lot of clarification and tweaking because of the area I am in. I will give y'all the gist being as specific and quick as I can so we can get into the juicy bits.

Here are the rules to start off:

I must be with a friend I must be in a mall. I must find a way to convince the friend to come with me me to certain locations around the mall, if I can not, I have to wet myself in front of them, and the challenge is over. In each location there will be different things I have to do and amounts to drink. I can not mention that I have to pee. If they figure out I have to pee, I lose the challenge and face a punishment of the requester's choice. Between each location, there will be a period of walking around. During this you can shop, look around, or whatever. 

So those were the rules as general as I could make them. There were lots of other tiny ones but they aren't too important at this point, these were the ones that were most important. The date was set first thing and I had made plans to go out with one of my friends that I had known for a while. Despite knowing each other for so long, we didn't hardly ever talk and it would have been the first time hanging out in almost a year, so I didn't have much to lose.

Here's when things take a bad turn. She ended up having to cancel, she didn't give a great reason why she just said something had come up. I waited a couple days to see if I could get another one of my friends to go, but seeing as it was a Saturday and short notice, a lot of them were busy. That's when, completely out of the blue a guy that a friend from work had been trying to set me up with slid into my snap and asked if we could hang out sometime. I hadn't really talked too much with him and upon further inspection it was the same friend who was trying to set me up with him who suggested him and I hanging out. I agreed and asked if the Saturday I had planned worked, he said it would.

So yeah. Cute guy, first date, and an omorashi challenge. What could go wrong? Luckily for me, this guy only had my snap and his only connection to me was a girl from work who I'm not even that close with so if something did go wrong, well, it wouldn't be the end of the world. Right?

I'll quickly share the mall locations and challenges for each. These had to be adjusted to fit greatly considering most malls are different. I basically had to tell the requester what I had to work with, and they would adjust accordingly.

I was to start off not having to pee at all, before I left I had to go to the bathroom. I had to bring a full 40 ounce hydro flask and a backpack containing one 16 ounce bottle of water, and to store the flask in when I wasn't using it.

The first location was his car. I had to sip on the flask on the way to get about 10 ounces down to begin. This was the only requirement The second location, once we got to the mall was the food court. Pretty standard. Sit and talk or whatever with him until I've finished the remaining 30 ounces of the flask. The third was walking around with him for at least 20 minutes. I could do whatever I wanted in this time, no water has to be drunk in this time. The fourth location was a visit to a sporting goods store in the mall. I had to try the stair climber and one other machine that would bounce me up and down. The fifth was walking around, I had to let the guy I was with decide the next store and stay there until he wanted to leave.

Next was the bathroom. Go into a stall and chug the water bottle you had brought. Then, of course, walk around a little more. Let him decide again, or decide together to keep casual. The final place was the fountain. Sit next to it for 15 minutes. Then you are free to go to the bathroom. I was worried before this, not really about the guy but most like how I could make drinking an entire flask and venti starbucks natural. Now that I think about it, I'm wondering if he'll ever read this. Maybe he's on this site too and just hasn't told me.

But anyways, that day I dressed in a lacy/mesh thong, a push up bra, these maroon, stripey pants and a matching maroon crop top. I figured it was cute and wouldn't show much of a wet spot if I were to leak.I did my makeup and curled my hair a little. I gotta admit I was looking pretty snazzy. For those of you who don't know, I am tall, very skinny and some what curvy. I've been working out more in the last month so I'm a little more toned now. I prepared a cute little leather backpack with the water, and filled my hydro flask to the top. He was picking me up around 2 so I was ready. He showed up about five minutes early which was fine. I went to the bathroom right before I went out the door. Now we begin the real omo.

I started off by sipping the flask, I'm quite the chatter box, especially on first dates, so I had to fit it in when I could. It didn't take long until it felt like a fourth of it was gone which was nice. The drive wasn't long, the parking was the hardest part because that place is always packed. We finally found parking, it was in the sun which kind of sucked because it's summer and he has leather seats in his car, but there was no way we could find anything in the parking garage.

The food court was an easy give on his part, it's a popular hang out spot in general. We picked a spot in the corner, which was a little further from the main population so that we could hear each other over the rumbling of hundreds of people. I sipped on my flask in between conversation. My brilliant excuse was that I wanted to finish the flask because I didn't want to lug it around. He offered to put it in his car, and I declined using the excuse that the only thing worse than a heavy water bottle was a hot heavy water bottle and that seemed to apease him. He let me finish the flask in peace without so much as a second glance (thankfully).

By this point I was starting to feel the ten ounces from the car ride. It wasn't bad but unfortunately for me, I have a very strong love of cranberry juice, making my kidneys real workers. It wasn't long after we got up and started walking around that I felt that thirty ounces slip in my bladder. I've never measured how much my bladder could hold before, but I do know, 40 ounces is a real strain on it. I've been asked several times in the past by different people to try measuring how much I can hold, I never have but maybe I'll give it a shot.

Anywho, As we were walking around I did feel more and more liquid draining into my bladder. It wasn't too fast, but my pants did show a little bulge poking out in place of my bladder. The twenty minutes seemed to pass by quickly. I remember timing it so that we could walk by the sporting goods store right near the end of it. By this point almost all the water had made it's way down into my bladder and I was feeling it for sure. I told myself I couldn't give up anytime soon. We were only about to be in the fourth location. I was nearly half way there, Marlee is no quitter. So I casually mentioned taking a look around that store, he seemed pretty easy going and agreed.

When in the sporting goods store, I made up that I was actually looking to buy a heavy exercise machine for my apartment at some point in the future. This gave me the excuse of trying a couple out. I didn't want to bore him by doing it for a while, but I did want to give a good story for you guys, so I had to balance my time. I found a stair climber, and started going up it. I felt my bladder lurching up and down but it wasn't awful by any means. I clenched every muscle below the waistline of my pants and kept going for another minutes or so. I was talking to him the whole time so I tried to keep my face from wincing and my bladder bounced up and down so many times. Finally I slowed it and stepped off. He had gotten distracted and was going to try an elliptical a few feet away, I joined him on one right next to it. This one didn't turn on, but it was easy enough to use it manually.

We were both on one side by side, and then came the words that would make my bladder almost lose it. "Wanna race?" The idea seemed dumb. We couldn't actually go anywhere because the machines were made to be stand still. His idea of a race was going as fast as we could on the elliptical. Like I said before, Marlee is no quitter, so I agreed and we started. I wasn't getting much of a work out using my arms and legs to run on a machine for about thirty seconds, but my bladder sure was. It was bouncing up and down wayyyyyy faster this time. Making me almost let out a spirt every time I went up. Thats when I felt a string of pee dribble down my legs. I quickly hopped off and conceded to my loss. I hoped that would be the last leak to come.

Then was walking. I asked if there was anywhere he wanted to go. I suggested a little "you pick a place and I pick a place" thing seeing as it matched up well with the plan that was set for me. I totally thought this would go well. Turns out the guy I was with, rarely went to the mall so I had to help him out with ideas of where to go.

We ended up going to a furniture store at a far end of the mall. I'd been there several times and the one thing I knew about it was it seemed small on the outside, and yet when you walk in, it tricks you and is massive. I think he kind of just chose it because of it's size, or maybe he was just tired and wanted to try out the couches.

Regardless, having to pee and all, I followed him. I was hoping he'd choose a fast store, like a sports wear or department store. Unfortunately that is not what happened. We ended up walking in and started trying out the couches. I was a little wary of sitting on the light fabric ones for fear of leaving a wet spot from my massive leak earlier.

I felt my bladder poking against the stretchy waist band of my pants. I kept trying to struggle against it to keep it from digging and making the ocean in my bladder press worse. One notable event from the furniture store was me sitting in a leather rocking chair. The guy I was with got behind the chair and started rocking me. Slowly at first but faster and faster quickly. At this, I started laughing. The laughter and the rocking motion on my bladder was literally the most terrible thing that could have happened to my need to pee.

I didn't feel myself leaking but I did feel a big warm spot pool around my ass. Again, just like with the elliptical, I jumped off, still laughing. Upon later inspection the wet spot was fairly noticeable at the time. It almost looked like a shadow so that's what I hoped everyone, especially him saw it as.

It didn't take long after that for him to get bored and we left. Thank goodness too. I was really feeling all that water that I had.

Of course, I hadn't been thinking about that fact that I would need to chug more water. I felt all the pee right up on my urethra and of course, couldn't make him take any notice without facing a most likely harsh punishment from the requester of the challenge. Frankly I didn't want to know what it was. So, like the good little holder I am, I tried my best to let him make no notice.

The only time I may have broken this rule (I'm not really sure, I think it's a grey line) was by mentioning I had to go to the bathroom so that I could progress in the challenge. The nearest bathroom that I knew of was in the food court, which from where we were at was half way across the mall. I'm always a quick walker, and an even faster one when I have to pee. He had to half jog to catch up to me.

When I finally got there, I ran into as stall, grateful that there was no line. The second I saw the toilet my brain instantly realize it was time to pee now and I literally started going in my pants. I had to hold myself to keep from leaking anymore. I for sure let out a few moans and whimpers in that stall, and I was not alone in the bathroom either.

When I felt like I had a little more control, I got the water bottle out of my little leather backpack and took a little sip. I instantly felt it all run down into my bladder. I knew the longer I took to drink the bottle the worse it would be for me. With a hand in my crotch, and the other holding the bottle, I started chugging it. After a few seconds, I lruched forward and gripped myself. By this point, my pants were absolutely soaked. I was about half way done with my water and I didn't think I could stand anymore at all.

I took about ten seconds and chugged the rest of the bottle. I waited until I had regained control in my bladder to step out of the stall, wash my pee soaked hands and then run and return back to my date. We started walking and I steered us in the way to the fountain. This was my final challenge and by god, I knew I would fail if I didn't get to finish it as fast as I could. We got down the escalator. The stone meant for sitting on around the fountain was dull and would for sure leave a wet spot if I tried to sit on it with my soaking wet pants. I chose a seat on a polished wood. He sat next to me and we started talking. I felt bad only giving short answers but I couldn't help it. My bladder was just way too full to focus on anything else but holding in the ocean of pee that was pressing right up against my urethra. I kept checking the clock watching even minute pass by.

Finally it was ten minutes passed. I got up and he stood up after me. I mentioned how the flask I had before was really getting to me and that I was going to the use the bathroom one more time (frankly it may have seemed strange but whatever haha). I went to the bathroom, pulled down my pants (I was already going by this point, sat and peed for what felt like forever. BOOM! Challenge complete!!

Thank you all so much for reading. This took a lot longer to write than I hoped. I was trying to get it done before going on my trip but was unable to. I will be writing about said trip so be on the look out for "A Very Omo Filled Trip" in the future!

*002*2019-07-23 03:34

{{7 minutes ago, wettingman said:

Great story, I really enjoyed it.

I have two questions if you don't mind. Did he or anybody else notice your wet pants ? How was sitting by the fountain; did you leak at all ? I would think it nearly impossible to hold it all in, especially if you had to refrain from doing anything to hold in your pee without someone noticing.

}}

Thank you so much!

And nobody said anything if they did notice. The pants I was wearing had a pattern and the darker color made it hard to see. I wrote the bit about the fountain in a rush to publish the story, I was leaking almost the entire time bit by bit. Super embarrassing! I was definitely worried about the sound of the fountain being the biggest factor, but sitting still for ten minutes while desperate was really the worst part

*005*2019-07-24 14:50

{{22 hours ago, Marco said:

Really great story.

Did your friend tell you anything about that day, later?

}}

By friend do you mean the one from work? If so, I haven't seen her since! I went on a trip and by the time I got back, she was in florida! I'll let you know if she says anything!

{{21 hours ago, kochel428 said:

Thank you for writing this up! Are you going to see the guy again?

}}

Yes! I've seen him a few times since. I don't think he noticed what a disaster our first date was for me haha

*007*2019-07-24 22:56

{{5 hours ago, NorthEastGuy said:

That was AMAZING!!! I’d definitely enjoy going out on a date with you, to the mall or anywhere else. And being the proper gentleman that I am, I would always be sure to get you enough beverages to quench your thirst and fill your bladder to the point where you might not make it to the bathroom in time....

}}

Ah yes, what a gentleman

