Various Incidents of Wetting my jeans while being out

Author: shywewe

*000*2018-07-23 04:06

Rather then post three separate topics in the Forum, I am going to post the three different accounts here. I have pictures to go with each story.

The first set of pictures, comes from July 1, which here in Canada is our big national holiday, including a large fireworks display. As I have stated previously, I like to walk long distances and while walking, I do drink lots of fluids, mainly water. Canada day was no different, and I did not drink any alcohol as I have to drive home from where I park.

Because, I live in a northern location they hold the fireworks at 11pm at night, as that is when it finally gets sufficiently dark so the fireworks show up in the sky. Due to the large crowds that usually go to the fireworks, I usually find my place on the hill opposite the from where they launch the fireworks. This year was no different, so I found my spot at 9:30. As I was waiting for the fireworks, I was drinking some pop and water. Because, it was a cool night I was not going to wet myself, as I did not want to catch a cold, so limited how much I drank. I just sat on the hill watching everyone come and stake out there spots. Of course, someone who is into omorashi, I am on the look out for desperate people, or drunk people who did not make it to the porta-poties. Unfortunately, this year I did not see any wet pants around. Anyways, I just sat and waited for the fireworks, on a cool wet night. Thankfully, the fireworks were really good, so I thought the wait was well worth it.

Anyways, after the fireworks, I really did not want to rush back to the car, so decided to go for a walk. On Canada day, I carry a large flag and wave it around as I walk. I decided to take a stroll on the avenue where all the bars were. Since, I did not drink much before the fireworks, I really did not have to pee, as I was kind of hoping to dribble in my pants while walking around a bunch of drunk young people. However, while walking I then proceeded to drink about a 1 liter of water, and had a 20Z cup of coffee to warm up after being chilled in the rain. Needless to say, about half way back to the car my bladder began to fill up. Since I was walking in brightly lit streets, I really did not want to completely soak my pants. I was able to hold onto my piss, until I was about 2km from the car.

I was standing on a major corner, beside a McDonalds, when I decided to relieve some pressure on my bladder. So, I let out a quick dribble down my legs. Unfortunately, due to darkness I could not get any picture taken. I then walked another 1km, and decided that it was time to piss my pants. I just stood on the sidewalk as piss poured down my legs, and through my shoes. I then had to walk the rest of the way back to my car in obviously pissed jeans. On my way back to the car, I had to walk through a Tim Hortons parking lot with a few people milling about outside, and then through a mall parking lot. There were a few people there too when I walked through. Not sure if anyone noticed, but owing to the dark conditions and people being pre-occupied with something else, I am sure no one noticed :)

I made it back to the car, and then drove home the 15 minutes. On the way home, I had to piss some more. Since I was sitting on a bag, I knew the seats in the car were safe so I was not worried too much about it. Anyways, I made it home and got the car into the garage. It was at that point, I thought screw it, I am going to piss my pants while still sitting in the car. As I was pissing, the warmth felt amazing as it filled my crotch, and slowly warmed up the back of my jeans. After I finished, I came inside and inspected the damage, and took a few pictures.

$$

$$

The second set of pictures were taken about a week ago. I had to clean the house, and was not really into cleaning. So, instead of just cleaning the house I decided to sort of play a hold it game. Now, I am not into holding it until I burst, as I do not want to have unnecessary discomfort. However, I will drink lots and see how long I can hold it. Unfortunately, with a smallish bladder at times, I usually can not hold it for long periods of time.

Anyways, back to my story. As I was cleaning, I was slowly drinking water and trying to hold my piss in. It took me about 2 hours to get all my chores done, and as a reward to myself I decided to wet my pants. Initially, I just pissed the spandex shorts I was in, as I was not completely finished with cleaning the house. When I pulled my pants up, the wetness from my spandex shorts, seeped into the my pants. It looked like I had completely pissed my pants as well. So needless to say, when I had to piss again, I just sat on the toilet and wet in my pants. Since I had to get my chores done, I really did not have an opportunity to take a series of pictures as I wet my pants. Mind you, there was no real difference from the start to the finish.

Since they were grey jeans, the wetness really showed nicely. Here are a couple of pictures from that episode:

$$

$$

The third incident happened yesterday. This time I went for a 30 km walk, and made sure that I was well hydrated. Unfortunately, I had to make a few stops along the way to use the bathroom, as I had to poo, and I am not into that. Because, I had to stop, I was determined to keep on drinking lots of water. On my last visit to the washroom, I decided that instead of pissing and crapping in the toilet, I was just take a crap and then piss in my spandex shorts. That worked well, except the wetness from my shorts, quickly seeped into my pants. I then spent the rest of the late afternoon and evening walking around downtown with a very wet crotch.

After walking through downtown, and finishing another liter of water, I was getting to place where I was becoming desperate. I was not sure where I was going to find a place to piss my pants, as that is what I wanted to do. There were lots of people out, so I wanted to find a somewhat secluded spot to have a piss. Thankfully, there was semi abonded parking lot, so figured this would be the spot to wet my pants. Needless to say, my bladder was really filling up by this point. I pulled my camera out, and decided to take a quick video me pissing my pants,

I tried to crop the video, and focus in on my pants, but could not get the program to work. Mind you, with my dark glasses and hat, hopefully nobody recognizes me :)

Anyways, to save myself from complete embarrassment, I put on a grey pair of nylon pants, as I still had another 7km to walk back to the car. As I continued to walk, everytime I had to piss I would stop and piss. The nylon pants, mostly hid the incriminating evidence, and would not be further embarrassed. When I was nearly back to the car, I had to piss again so stopped in a park to relieve myself, and to also enjoy the wet warmness. When I looked down, I noticed the piss had started to seep out of my pants, and grabbed a picture of the results.

$$

After waiting a few minutes for the shinyness to disappear I continued back to the car. I got into the car, and then drove the 15 minutes home. Of course, consuming 3L of water, means that my bladder was really full. I really did not want piss my pants in the car, so held it until I got home. Once I parked the car in the garage, I again let loose in my jeans and enjoyed the wet crotch and wet bum.

I then came inside, and grabbed a couple of pictures of the wet result of the walk.

$$

$$

I hope you enjoyed my experiences and my pictures and will continue to happily contribute things to this wonderful site.

Thanks

%wet.trimmed.mp4

*004*2018-07-24 20:19

I provide the evidence as that is what I want to see when I read various posts. Besides, I have pictures to remind me of the fun I had

