Intentionally Wetting for my Husband

Author: Selena Luna

*000*2019-02-26 20:16

Hey so, usually I just do holds and post about it in the live thread but about eight months ago, I confessed to my husband that I am into Omorashi and he was confused until I explained what it was.

And then, oh boy, was he interested. Apparently, he shares the kink! Tremendous!

So I have done a couple holds and wettings for him in the past. Here's a little description of the most recent one.

I spent my day at work filling up on diet coke and glasses of water so my bladder was already pretty full when I got home. For context, me and my husband have a basement bedroom. So hard, cement floors and access to a sink/laundry tub. Very convenient for wetting. We also have a mid-sized orange kiddy pool I can stand in to contain the mess. For the first part of the night, I was sitting on our bed, smoking weed (it's legal here so no worries!) occasionally sipping on Vernors. My husband knew I wanted to wet for him so he was watching me a little more closely than normal while he worked on the computer just off the foot of our bed.

He saw me tapping my foot and rocking a little. "Are you okay?" he asked.

"Yes," I told him. "I can hold a lot longer than this!"

My bladder was aching and tight, straining against my jeans but I know my body. I knew I had plenty of time. I sat and enjoyed the feeling of being high, and my heavy, full bladder pulsing with pleasurable urges to pee. The pressure was getting strong enough to cause tingles in and around my urethra. I took another hit off of my bowl and coughed slightly. I felt a little dribble of pee shoot out of me with the cough and seep between my pussy lips and slowly dribble into my undies. While this was happening, I straightened out my legs suddenly and clenched to keep the leak from getting worse. That stopped it no problem.

My husband smirked at me but said nothing.

I stopped smoking to avoid the risk of premature leaks but kept drinking my Vernors. At that point, it felt like I was pouring the fluid directly into my bladder. Each swallow sent a throbbing pulse to my bladder.

When it got to where I was seriously worried that I would wet on the bed I stood. Another tiny little drip of pee made its way out of me into my undies but that was it as far as leaks.

My bladder was so full, I had to unbutton my pants. The button was digging into my skin from my heavy, bulging bladder. The relief of the pressure from that and changing position allowed me to relax a little.

"Do you need me to get the kiddy pool?" my husband asked.

"Pretty soon," I said, my voice a little strained. Knowing that if I leaked, it would be easy to wipe up off the floor, I felt empowered to finish my bowl. I was careful not to make myself cough with too big of hits. I wanted to keep holding as long as possible. Leakages would detract from the overall volume of the eventual flood and I was holding back quite a tide.

My husband got the kiddy pool set up for me and I stepped into it. The pressure was really starting to get to me. I was bouncing my legs, shifting my weight from foot to foot and occasionally bending over slightly to try to relieve the pressure by positioning. It wasn't working. My husband kept himself half distracted, moving the lamp so he could see me better and then he proceeded to apply makeup to his face. His back was to me while he did this, facing the vanity on our dresser but I caught him watching me in the mirror as I danced around. I leaked a couple more times and felt wet but nothing was showing on my pants. That was how I discovered that my water was amazingly absorbent?? Anyhow, I was clenching and dancing desperately, holding myself even though doing that through my pants hardly helps. Just when I thought I couldn't hold it another minute my husband asked me "do you think you can hold it long enough for me to go outside and have a cigarette?"

"I will!" I gasped out because I was damned if I was gonna back down from a challenge.

My husband took his sweet time getting his outerwear on. He went upstairs at last and I took the moments of privacy to stick my hand down my pants and manually hold my peehole shut with my fingers. It was an odd sensation but it held back the tide. Unfortunately, my husband returned from upstairs. "Forgot a lighter," he said. He made no mention of the fact I had my hand down my pants but he smirked again.

He was doing this on purpose, he had to be. I was inches from pissing my pants, redfaced and dancing for my life and he was putzing around taking his time.

Finally, FINALLY, husband returned from outside and stood in front of me while I squirmed and danced. The desperation was getting critical at that point. I was 10/10, hurting a little and the constant throbbing in my pussy and bladder were an exquisite kind of torture. I tried to just let go but my body wasn't having it. Even when i strained to piss, squatted a little, I couldn't make anything come out. It was frustrating but it also felt really good. I'd compare it to really good edging. Relief was so close but denied by my own body.

The wet patches from my earlier leaks had mostly dried due to my body heat. When I finally stared pissing, just a little at first, the pee sort of pooled up around my ass and pussy instead of soaking through my panties and into my jeans. I lifted my shirt to give my husband a better view and made myself pee a little bit more. At last, some wetness escaped the magical underwear and seeped into my jeans around my crotch. I couldn't pee anymore for a few minutes. My body was fighting me. Almost as if it knew we weren't on a toilet and it was trying to keep doing the work of holding for me. I pushed on my bladder and forced out a spurt that further darkened the front of my jeans.

A longer leak started soaking the back. I turned and bent over slightly, finally able to pee freely into my jeans. I pissed like that until my ass was fully covered and I could feel the piss drops sliding down my legs and into my socks. Then I turned and pushed my hips forward so the pee would soak the front of my pants. My bladder is so large and was so full, I completely soaked my jeans, ffront and back, crotch to leg with only a few dry patches on the sides of my legs and just under the waistband. The relief was indescribable. I was shaking and standing in the puddle in the kiddy pool. The puddle was huge even though there was so much pee soaked in my pants.

Anyway, my husband helped me get cleaned up and... well that's a storyfor a different kind of forum haha.

*Note: in this story, I have referred to my significant other as male. In the past, I have referred to this same personas female. There are reasons for this but they are not relevant and are personal. And yes, I have been with the same person the whole time. Thanks for being understanding!

*004*2019-02-27 13:49

Thanks everyone! I appreciate every comment.

