All of a sudden

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-02-05 21:06

Hi everyone!

I've had a busy day of unpacking the last boring bits and actually making it look more 'homely' in my new place.

After dinner I wanted to jump in the shower, but as I decided to do it, my housemate messaged me getting in there first!

I was pre-occupied with putting sentimental things up on my wall, train tickets and posters and photos and stuff, and didn't notice my growing need to pee, which is unlike me, but thinking back on it I did have my legs crossed for a fair bit of that time!

Eventually my housemate got out of the shower, but the hot water's a bit slow so I gave it a while, as I did that I chatted with people on fb and such, and sat cross-legged on my bed.

I went and got in the bathroom and put toothpaste on my toothbrush, as soon as I was in there my bladder immediately did a flip and I stood with my legs crossed and one hand in my crotch. I was going from foot to foot as I took my clothes off to shower, and as I was putting my phone somewhere it wouldn't get wet but I could still hear it, I just started peeing.

I ridiculously, started panicking, I was peeing all over myself and the floor, luckily no clothes but still! I did a sort of spin on the spot trying to figure out how to stop peeing and put both hands between my legs but I couldn't stop it.

I quickly sat on the toilet and finished weeing! I don't know why I didn't sooner, I think I was trying to get in the shower, as the original plan was to try and last the shower.

User homeanddry always asks me to, and I never last the shower!

I think it was psychological, because as soon as I knew I was getting in the shower my bladder just released!

Hope you enjoyed that story

EQ x

*002*2016-02-09 12:05

{{: 

I did indeed enjoy the story. Thanks for sharing. I had a similar experience yesterday. I had to pee so bad and it just hit me rather suddenly. I started peeing as soon as I got close to the toilet but my clothes were still on. I hadn't planned on wetting at all, it just hit me. I just started peeing. I didn't have time to pull down my pants, I just sat on the toilet and finished peeing through my pants. I think Missy called this "Proximity Incontince". You have to pee worse, the closer that you get to the toilet. Do you think this happened to you?

}}

Haha oh dear, at least I wasn't still in my clothes. Yup I think Missy is spot on there! definitely what occurred.

