Losing control at Home Depot!

Author: Afu14567

*000*2021-03-09 05:02

Last week while working my partime job, I had an uplanned accident. I had been very busy and had drank alot of caffeine. I had to drive about 40 mile to another station to take some supplies. My bladder was full but I felt that I could easily make it there. I get in my vehicle and started my journey. My bladder is pretty full but it is not an issue yet. About half way there my boss calls and tells me I need to stop at a big hardwar store amd pick up some things for the station. Great, I can use the restroom inside because I didn't intend on holding or wetting. Now I am in my uniform and my pants are a thin material that shed water instead of absorbing it, for the most part. This will be important later.

So I get out of my truck and as soon as I stand up, I realize my bladder is much more full than I thought! Each step causes pressure on my bladder. Still no worries I'm just gonna go inside right! I get inside and make a beeline for the restroom. As I approach the door, it is covered in plasic, with a sign reading closed for customer safety. My bladder spasmed at the realization that I would have to wait! I had a good list to get so I started gathering, hoping it would take my mind off of my predicament. 

This goes well until I have to pick up a box! As I lifted my bladder spasmed and I felt a jet of warm pee shoot out of me and run down my leg! I froze and managed to stop the flow! Now there was no taking my mind off of my bladder! But I'm in public in a uniform, so I try my best to walk and act normal! I want so badly to reach down and hold myself! I continue to gather the rest of the list! Now thinking of the idea of being desperate around all these people and starting to get turned on! This was not helping my bladder at all! I would have to stop every so often and look at a shelf to stop from leaking! Every step sent lightning through my bladder! My face had to be red and I was sweating!

At this point I was thankful for a mask! My hands were starting to shake! I just need to get to my truck and i could just pee beside it with the door open! I got in line to check out and tried my best to stand still! I kept having small leaks which luckily didn't show due to the pants material but it was so incredibly hard to stop them and not grab myself! I kept have to shift and act like I was moving something on the cart! I can only imagine what I looked like to every one around me! Finally its my turn to check out! The cashier rings everything up as I try my best to stand still and not look like a lunatic! I go to give him he card and me shifting my weight caused my bladder to spasm harder than it had so far! I started peeing full force for a full 3 seconds before I could stop!

I groan and and kind of grabbed my leg acting like I hit it on the wood! The warm pee was running down my leg and people all around me! If it had not been for the pallet movers they definitely would have heard the force of the stream on my pants! I hurry and grabbed my reciept, trying to leave before I completely lose control! I try walking quicly but I leaking more and more with every step! Almost to my truck, I can no longer stop! I start peeing full force into my pants! I feel it streaming down my legs and filling my boots! I can hear the stream in my pants and the sound of my wet steps! I get to my truck and just stand there as I continue to release my bladder! I have saturated this "water reistant" material to the point its now coming out of the front of my pants too!

It felt absolutely amazing! My heart was beating so fast and I was becomoing so turned on! I throw everything in the back of the truck and just got in with my wey clothes! I couldn't resist and started rubbing my self through my wet pants right there in the home depot parking lot! I came so quickly and so hard! I drove to a nearby abandoned road and got out to change! ( I always have spare clothes!) When I pulled my boots off the pee just poured out of them! I wiped down and changed and bagged everything up in a biohazard bag and no one was the wiser! That was the most intense desperation and loss of control I have ever experienced! I almost want to do it again!

*002*2021-03-09 20:10

{{20 minutes ago, SilverSnake said:

That sounds awesome, I'm glad you had a change of clothes along!

}}

Always! I never go anywhere without at least one full change and boots!

*004*2021-03-13 22:01

{{16 hours ago, dunnetahl said:

Just joined to let you know how fired up your story got me. So hot I almost lost control of my edging while reading it. I hope a similar situation comes up for you again. Be sure to share

}}

Oh it definitely will and of course!!

