Church Christmas Show

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-12-07 14:23

Church Christmas show

I went to a fairly large and popular church when I was in my late teens/early twenties. I was just your average girl, petite, bobbed dark brown hair and hazel eyes and an average figure. The church was held in an old stately castle which had very few toilets.

This particular year there was a Christmas show and meal put on. It was a ticketed event to raise money for charity and it was sold out. The evening was starting about 5:30 with a full three course dinner but anyone taking part in the event had to be there from 3 so that everything was organised. I was part of the event so had been there a few hours before people began arriving. I had been assigned a job of taking people to their seats which were all pre reserved. I had been so busy since arriving at 3 that I hadn’t had a moment to use a bathroom and I was drinking shloer (non alcoholic grape juice) and water to keep myself dehydrated as the building was warm with an open fire and a fantastic Christmas ambience due to the warm glow, party atmosphere and Christmas carols playing. I was also nervous as I was going to be speaking some lines in front of over 200 people.

As I was busy showing people to their seats I was aware that my bladder was filling up but foolishly put the feeling down to nerves. Anyway there was a constant stream of people arriving and I was way too busy to get a chance to go to the loo anyway.

After about half an hour everyone was seated and the event began with a ‘cheers’ and a drink. With 200 people in the room it was noisy but so warm so I raised my glass like everyone else and then drank most of the contents fairly quickly. I wasn’t serving the first course but was on schedule to serve the mains. So my table was served our soup which I ate and loved. By now I was much more aware of my need to use the bathroom and decided I would nip there quickly before serving out the main course. I finished my soup, excused myself to my table saying I was going to help serve the main meal and headed for the one single toilet nearby. I had already been bursting for an hour and really had to go. I opened the first door to find quite a queue as clearly many people had come straight from work or been so busy setting up they hadn’t had a chance to go. I crossed my legs and decided I would serve some meals and keep checking, hoping the queue would die down very soon.

The meals were sitting on serving trays nearby and I took some through to the hall. I must have taken in about twelve or so meals when I felt the tingling in my vagina again and knew I really ought to pee! I pushed the door open quickly but alas there was still a queue and so many people waiting for their main course! I gave myself a quick rub and returned to the meals. I served another ten meals (two at a time) before checking again. I really could do with a loo break! 

Others were serving the meals too and one of the leaders saw me heading to the toilets for the third time and said casually ‘let’s try and get these meals out first can we? There’s so many here and we need them out while warm. It shouldn’t take long.’ Long? I was bursting and we were only half way through serving! But I was shy and hated getting into trouble so I did as requested and just kept shifting about crossing my legs, moving constantly and trying to get it done quickly so I could run to the ladies. We were finally down to the last ten meals, most of which belonged to those who were serving.

My bladder was so full I could feel the weight of it with every step. The tingling sensation in my vagina was much more constant now. It was uncomfortable but quite arousing too. I could feel myself becoming turned on as my desperation increased and my glands were secreting moisture. Being damp and open down there was also making my need to urinate stronger so I pushed open the door to the single stall again and visualised myself having a long and relaxing pee. It’s not ideal to visualise a toilet when very desperate because my urethra was close to opening when I suddenly saw a queue of five people standing waiting still! How could so many people possibly be going to the toilet during a meal! Arghhhhh

I was too embarrassed by now and as I came out one of the male leaders saw me and wrongly assumed I had got to use the toilet finally so handed me my dinner and said to go and enjoy it. Now I do love a good roast dinner but now I was left with the prospect of eating it bursting for the loo. I returned to my table and sat down immediately crossing my legs tight. I decided the best thing I could do now to save my embarrassment was to eat my meal and then sneak out as soon as socially appropriate and use that toilet I had been dying to use for an hour and a half now!

It’s embarrassing to write this but I recall sitting at that table so red faced trying desperately to hide the fact I urgently needed to piss and that holding was driving me crazy with sexual desire! I was noticeably squirming now and struggling to sit still. I would cross my legs one way, shift on my seat, cross them the other way, bounce my knee, sit on my foot, and finally settled for a few minutes by turning my chair slightly and perching right on the corner rocking side to side. The rubbing of the chair was sending shivers through me and driving me wild with erotic thoughts. I had to stop because I was becoming way too turned on in public. All the time I was trying to hide my urgency from everyone under the table whilst trying to eat my meal.

More juice was poured out and despite furiously needing a wee wee I sipped at the fluids to wash down my meal. The plates were cleared ready for pudding and I slipped out. I had to get to the loo now. Even if there was a queue I realised I would need to stay and wait as there was no way I could take part in the show with a bladder this full and besides I could not stand or sit still for a second.

As soon as I was out of the main hall I grabbed myself. My urethra was pounding so hard. The blood had rushed to my private areas and my lips were swollen with arousal. It was so embarrassing but I knew if I rubbed myself much at all I would orgasm and I could not do that in public. I longed to so badly though not just because my entire body longed to climax but also because I knew it would help me hold back the sheer urgency I had to pee.

I ran to the bathroom with one hand wedged between my legs and pushed the door open with my bottom. Oh please be free toilet! Please. I need to release so bad!

But alas for the fourth time there was a queue! This time four people, two woman, one in her late forties in a sparkly short sleeved silver top and smart black trousers, the other female in her mid twenties in patterned jeans and a Christmas t-shirt. The two men were a boy in his early twenties, a young professional brought up in a rich home wearing a suit and tie and the other a man in his mid thirties, recently married and dressed in smart trousers and a dress shirt. Knowing they all had to pee, possibly pretty badly, aroused me even more but I also felt the social pressure to not hold myself openly even in a bathroom queue.

At first we all remained quiet, every one of us concentrating on holding our own toilet needs in and no-one giving eye contact. First in the queue was the older woman in the sparkly top. She stood at the door crossed legged in silence looking at the floor. Next was the rich boy who was casually leaning against the wall showing no outward signs of needing to piss at all. The older man was, in contrast, more obviously needing and had his hands in his pocket as he bounced on his feet standing, slightly bending his knees as he did so. The girl in the Christmas t-shirt, who I was friends with called Lorraine, was pee dancing a little too, whereas I was losing all modesty by this point and despite my embarrassment I returned my hand to between my legs. I had to. It was either hold myself or wee myself. I was frantic.

Four people to pee before me. Oh God, I wasn’t sure if I could seriously hold it that long. The door opened and as an older woman in his late fifties came out the lady in the sparkly top uncrossed her legs and ran in. Three to go. Oh man. I could not stop moving, even for a second. I was jigging about, squirming, holding myself and moaning. I had been bursting for so so long and I was now at a 9/10. I was close to full on wetting! Oh hurry up people. I had a show to take part in and no spare clothes. I was holding myself for dear life! Lorraine was the first to speak just saying how crazy it was to have the show in the castle with just one loo for so many. 

I said there was probably other toilets on the other floors but I wasn’t sure where. Maybe she suddenly remembered knowing where other ones where or she was just taking a chance but she ran out saying cheers and at that there was just me and the two gents left. Oh I longed to skip the queue and wee. I was utterly desperate to use the toilet. But now there were only men waiting with me I felt I should remove my hand from between my leg. That thought terrified me as the upwards thrust from the pressure of my hand was the only thing keeping my throbbing urethra shut.

I shyly apologised unable to so much as look at either man in front of me so I just muttered to myself. ‘So sorry. I’m just so desperate, been holding for hours. So sorry.’

The younger man in the suit was still leaning against the wall staring at the other wall not in the slightest paying attention to my frantic pee dancing and muttered embarrassing apologies. The older man in the smart trousers and shirt who had his hands in his pocket and was still bouncing was more talkative. Watching him was the only thing preventing me from wetting myself as his moves, the thought of his dick throbbing in desperation and his sexy pee bouncing was turning me on beyond belief. He looked at me sympathetically, his gorgeous brown eyes sending shivers right through my entire body.

‘I know how you feel. It’s cool. I have to piss so badly too. I was trying to wait for after dinner but I couldn’t. I was bouncing my knee through my starter and squirming so much during the main course my wife whispered to me to go use the bathroom before it was too late. I wasn’t expecting a queue though.’

Hearing a man talk openly about his need was almost sending me over the edge. My nipples were rock hard, my urethra pounding and my glands secreting so many secretions I could feel my knickers filling with my own juices. I actually longed to use my fingers to touch myself inside my underwear both to keep the flood gates from opening and to bring myself to a needed climax.

Thankfully the toilet flushed and we could hear the lady washing her hands and opening the bin to put a hand towel in.

As she opened the door the young man in a suit stood up from leaning on the wall and went in. I silently begged him to hurry. I couldn’t wait much longer.

There were just two of us waiting now. I think after dinner speeches and clear up was starting and I knew I had to get back soon. But I knew more than anything else in the world I HAD to use a toilet first. I had jeans on myself and at the end of my tether I undid my belt and undid the button and zip. My bladder was so hard and distended and it thanked me by expanding outwards right away. I still had one hand between my leg and I was now crossing my legs, moaning and moving every way I could to hold. I also could not take my eyes off the man who was in front of me who had one leg in front of the other and was bent forward with one hand leaning on the wall and the other in front of his crotch. He looked as desperate as I was and I decided to tell him so.

‘You look so desperate there. I know how you feel.’

He looked at me again, this time with pleading almost crying eyes as he half whispered, half groaned ‘I’m gonna piss myself in a second if he doesn’t hurry up.’ And at that he doubled over using both hands to grab his member tightly. He looked back at me in a very similar state and undid his trouser button and fly pushing one hand immediately inside to hold his penis through his boxers.

With his head down and legs tightly crossed he moaned that he had leaked a little. He hobbled over to the door and knocked shouting ‘can you hurry up. I actually can’t wait any longer now. Please.’

Oh my word his actions and being able to see his cotton boxers and hear him pleading almost sent me over the edge to climax.

I half laughed but blushing so badly I said ‘you need to hurry too please. I am really desperate to wee too’

‘No worries there’ he said still holding himself tightly. ‘This piss ain’t gonna delay for anyone’. He turned and looked at me his face beetroot with embarrassment as I could see his half erect penis form through his tight grip and a wet patch on his dark blue boxers.

Just then the door opened and without any thought that I could see everything he used his other hand to pull down the top of his boxers for a second revealing his beautiful penis as he quickly grabbed it again with his thumb over the top as urine tried to escape. He hobbled to the toilet as the door slowly closed on itself I could see his piss dripping onto the toilet floor and then pour out at force as he aimed it at the toilet. He hadn’t managed to lock the door behind himself but seeing and hearing him as he went in was sending electric waves right though me. I now HAD to climax every bit as badly as I had to pee...and that was immensely urgently!

I slipped a hand inside my pants unable to hide the squelching noise it made as my fingers touched my open and sopping vagina. I stroked myself right there outside a public toilet at a big church function as urine leaked slowly out of my urethra mixed with huge stringy mucus from my glands making my underwear and hands covered. I quickly plugged myself with two fingers and crossed my legs tight. I pushed the door to the toilet ajar and watched as the piss poured out the man like it longed to do from me. Anyone could walk into the door at any minute and I was so close to having an orgasm!

I know I shouldn’t have but I decided the only way I could cope was to step into the bathroom and let the door silently close over. The man was oblivious as I stood at the wall behind him, pulled my jeans down slightly, leaned back against the wall and used my fingers to bring myself to climax as he unleashed his massive longed for and huge piss stream into the toilet at last. He was caught up in his own orgasmic release, his eyes closed, head back as he moaned in relief as I moaned in relief simultaneously for another reason.

As he finished I was just shaking from my ‘moment’ when he flushed and turned and saw me. I was mortified and terrified and with my head down I hurriedly tried to pull my jeans back up. Now I had orgasmed though I was about to piss myself.

‘Sorry’ I muttered breathlessly. ‘I couldn’t wait any longer’

And at that I literally ran for dear life to the toilet pushing my jeans and underwear down just as the waterfall finally released.

The man washed his hands and dried them while my violent, urgent, and very loud pee splashed against the pan and water beneath like my very life depended on it.

‘Sorry’ I muttered again as I moaned in relief. My pee was in no hurry to end but the man was so polite in waiting to open the unlocked door as by now he had washed and dried his hands and was ready to leave.

He waited until I had finished and washed my own hands before he opened the door and we both returned to the Hall relieved and so much calmer.

‘It’s meant to be a great show tonight’ he said casually as we walked back.

I could only smile at him. I felt as if I had already had the greatest show that night and so had he.

I have never done anything like that since and don’t plan on doing it again. That is unless anyone wants me to...

*008*2018-12-09 14:06

{{2 hours ago, mastert said:

Fantastic story, haven't read anything so good in ages. What sort of knickers were you wearing? How wet did they get and how long did you wear them after?

}}

It was plain cotton knickers and they were wet enough that by the time the evening was over they were still damp. I wore them all evening until I got home that night.

*011*2018-12-10 11:35

{{4 hours ago, ews21 said:

A wonderful story that is well written too, that's a refreshing sight.

I would want you too in the future if this is an offer...

}}

It is and very happy to repeat

