He gave me 1 pee pass

Author: roxykkling

*000*2015-08-25 21:06

I tried to post this story once before and I don't see it. So I'm trying again.

So over the weekend, I took two extra days off work. I was off Saturday and Sunday, and two girls traded me so I then got off Friday-Tuesday giving me five days to make the drive from Ohio to Pennsylvania to visit with my best friend Liz for the weekend. As I previously mentioned my good my high school flame never went it, and were still very much interested in each other, so Brian and I planned to see each other too. I got to PA Thursday night around 11. Spent all day Friday with Liz, doing best friend stuff blah blah. The amazing stuff didn't happen until Saturday.

Brian picked me up at Liz's house around 7. And was taking me out for a few drinks.(he knows about my fetish and has said he'd try it with me.) as soon as I got in the car the fun the started. He handed me a small rectangle piece of paper with the word PASS written on it. "what is this?"

"that. Is your only bathroom pass for the night. You can only go pee once while were at the bar." this gave me shiver of excitement.

When we got there he ordered a beer and I got an buttery nipple, my favorite. He was driving so he was only causally drinking his beer. We talked and flirted for a while, and by 830 I already had two drinks and a few shots. of course alcohol goes straight thru me and I was bouncing my leg trying to wait as long as I could to use my pass. Brian noticed my leg and raised an eyebrow. "just go pee."

"no it's my only pass."

"yeah, and once u use it the real fun can begin." I bit my lip, very turned on by this and got up reluctantly giving in. When I came back he ordered me another buttery nipple and a glass of water. He told me I had 10 minutes to drink both, and of course the alcohol was no problem being so tastey. I struggled with the water a little, having broken the seal, I could already feel the alcohol hitting my bladder again, by the time I drank the glass, within the allotted ten minutes. my head was starting to feel feathery and being the kind of girl I am, that only made me want more. so I ordered an ameretto sour, another favorite. 3 more drinks by 1030, and I was starting to get a little desperate. About a 5/10.Brian noticed my fidgeting and asked if i was ready to go. I said I wanted one more drink and he got up.

He came back with another glass of water and a mud slide. He said I could nurse the mudslide but the water had a glass life of 7 minutes. Just looking at it made my bladder shudder. I managed to drink it slowly in seven minutes, much to my bladders protest, and nursed the mudslide. I reached 7/10 before I was done with the mudslide and told him I was ready to go. I had a feeling if I was gonna make it back to his house for whatever he had in mind, we better go then. half way thru our 15 minute drive and I was busting. I also noticed my speech starting to slur a little which my giggle and made my bladder push down. I put my hand between my legs grabbing myself. Brain looked over and winked telling me i better control myself bec bad girls didn't get to have all the fun. I felt a dampness in my panties then but I knew I hadn't leaked yet.

We got to his street and I bouncing in my seat. I couldn't see like the street lights straight, but I knew we almost there. He suddenly reached oven and gave my tummy a slight push making squeal. I was close to leaking and trying to hard not the lose it. the desperation and his playing with me turned me on so much. We pulled into the driveway and he leaned over after parking and started kissing me he pulled my hand away my crotch and slid his hand down the front my pants I squeezed my legs closed instinctively to keep control. While his fingers explored he pressed his palm against my bladder and pushed a little making me leak suddenly. he tisked at me and if I couldn't handle myself I wouldn't get rewarded and did it again causing a longer tinkle. I hopped out of the car and started dancing holding myself. he helped me to the front door clearly seeing I was little off balance.

As he filled keys I kept spurting a little. I told him to hurry that I was about to lose it. He got the door opened, picked me up wrapping my legs around his waste and after walking inside he sat on a kitchen chair with me on his lap.as he sat down I felt the pressure suddenly push again and spurted feeling it soaking thru my jeans and onto his lap. He had on loose gym shorts that looked so good on him, and allowed me to feel how turned on he was. He slid his hands up my shirt me teasing me as we made out, and I kept spurting, each getting longer as the pleasure caused me to lose my focus. He slid has hand back down the front of my pants palm against me, rubbing me with his thumb, I was holding on with all my focus to keep from losing everything in my bladder.

He started counting down from 5 slowly and I had no idea what he was counting for. I must've looked a little frantic, my alcohol tainted mind trying to concentrate on keeping control of my bladder and now figure out what he was doing, counting down as he rubbing me in little slow circles. Circles that were getting faster.

4...what is he gonna do?*spurt*

3...I can't hold it much longer,*spurt*

2...what happens at one?*spurt*

1!! He suddenly and strongly pushed his palm on my bladder and it was over. I lost control and he started desperately making out with me grinding my hips against him and grabbing my ass as I soaked both of us. I felt it soaking my jeans and felt it soaking into his shorts. I could hear it dripping off my ass and into the floor. He continued rubbing me with his thumb quickly as the pleasure of letting go and his attention to my clit brought me to orgasm. Me picked me up and laid me on my kitchen floor and pealed my jeans off and started grinding against me pressing my wet panties against my pussy. I felt another warm sensation and glanced down to see he was pressed against me wetting his own pants. Its sent me into another orgasm so strong I passed out. Went I came to my wet clothes were stripped off and we were cuddled on the couch under a blanket.

*005*2015-08-26 12:57

{{ 

That was one of the most incredibly erotic things I've ever read. Thank you soooo much for posting.

}}

Wow thanks so much!!

