Wore Filthy Panties to Work

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-07-17 22:01

Well usually I’m a good girl who wears clean cute cotton panties to work, unless I’m wearing panties for two days for a customer, but yesterday I was feeling particularly naughty. So rather than reaching into my drawer for a clean pair, or even into the laundry for a pair from a previous day, I went into my stash of panties I reserve for naughty times. Panties that I’ve wet a couple of times, or stained horribly in one way or the other.

I found this lovely pair of white cotton panties with cute little navy blue stars and purple moons, with a purple waistband. Here they are in their pristine, virginal, never worn state:

Now you will not have seen these panties before as they came in a pack that didn’t fit all that well (permanent wedgies), and they aren’t quite 100% cotton so they don’t absorb pee as well. So I reserved them for extra naughty times in and around the house.

A couple of months ago when I was in the mood, I pulled the panties on inside a Goodnite, and had a rather significant #2 accident in them just because I wanted to see how badly this kind of accident would stain a pair of panties. I immediately washed them in the shower and sink, and this was the result.

They were then laundered in the laundry and the shameful stain remained.

So these embarrassingly stained panties were relegated to the naughty bin and I ignored them for months. The yesterday morning, while I was getting dressed, I was feeling a little naughty, and rummaged around and pulled these out. There’s something about wearing dirty panties to work, but there’s quite something else about wearing clean panties that you’ve permanently and shamefully stained. Their tendency to give me a wedgie only reminded me that they were there all day long!

I pulled on a pair of black work slacks over top of them, along with a tasteful tan blouse.

I went through the whole day, and would occasionally be reminded that I was wearing these adorable panties and stained panties when they got a little too uncomfortable bunched up in my bum.

I got them a little more dirty in the back due to the wedgie and my lunchtime bathroom visit, but only a little bit, I’m a good girl who wipes properly.

Anyhow, at lunch, I decided to have a little more fun, and so I bought a pad from the machine in the random washroom I visited, and slipped it into my panties:

It was one of the cheap kinds of pads that come in a box in the machines, but I sometimes like those, as they are way too thick and make me feel like I have been a bad girl for forgetting to bring a pad with me.

So this was going through my mind while I had a quiet afternoon at work.

At about 2 pm, I got up for another mug of tea and felt like I could also benefit from a bathroom visit. I wandered into the bathroom to find it empty and my naughtiness levels increasing. Rather than go into the stall right away, I stood at the mirror and fixed my makeup, and as I did so, I carefully relaxed and let out one solid squirt into my pad and panties. I was feeling naughty enough that I wanted some wetting fun, but not so much so that I wanted wet trousers.

I’m not the best at starting and stopping my pee, so it was a good solid 10 seconds of peeing. Unfortunately these cheap machine pads are really not good for pee accidents, and I felt my little accident flow off the side of the pad and dampen my inner right thigh.

I bore down and stopped the flow and continued to fix my makeup for a few more minutes, revelling in the naughty feeling of having just peed my filthy panties at work.

I was brought out of my revelry when the door opened and someone entered the washroom. She went directly into a stall, but I realized that I should probably do the same.

So I relocated into the other unused stall and pulled down my pants and panties to inspect the damage.

The wet stain on my trousers was invisible given the material and colour of the trousers, I removed them (after removing my shoes), and I dabbed them dry with some toilet paper.

By this time the other person had wrapped up peeing, and was washing their hands, and sensing myself once again alone in the washroom, I pulled off my panties and took a few pictures of them on the floor of the stall.

The pad was deliciously soaked with a rather dark blast of pee.

I removed the pad and rolled it up, and found my panties mostly dry, the pad had at least protected them.

So wrapped the pad in toilet paper, and threw it out in the little stall garbage, and then pulled my panties back on. I was throbbing at this point, aroused by what I had done and by the prospect of wearing the dirty panties for the rest of the day. I finished peeing in the toilet (like a good girl), wiped, pulled everything up, and went out to wash my hands.

I had properly dampened the crotch of the panties by the time I got home. My hubby was thankfully home when I got back, and I was able to get a good and proper fuck almost immediately after getting home from work. I felt very dirty indeed stripping in front of him, and shyly did it facing him so that he did not see the stain on the back. He commented that he’d not seen me in those panties before, and I didn’t exactly answer him, but was careful to kick the panties under the bed in such a way that he would not see them.

Sexy times ensued, and afterwards, rather than languish in bed, we both got up to go make dinner. I let him put his things on first and then slipped the panties back on underneath some comfortable pyjamas. I then spent the next 30 minutes chopping vegetables and oozing his juices and mine into the panties.

Chopping complete, I hurried into the washroom to pee (which I should have done immediately after sexy times), and snapped these pictures of my dirty, now cum stained, panties.

Anyhow, I hope you enjoyed this little experience.

If you are interested in buying a pair of my dirty panties, do get in touch. You can learn more about how to order on my website:

%https://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

Best

Rachel

*002*2019-07-18 00:59

{{29 minutes ago, hahaorggs said:

I’m sure I am the first amorous reader of this article! Thanks for sharing such a thrilling experience! And I think it is a pity that you didn’t piss in your panties 3rd time after sex and chopping vegetables.

}}

Well I leaked every other possibly fluid into them, but yeah, I found that the material of these panties is not very good at absorbing pee for some reason.

*005*2019-07-18 23:17

{{9 hours ago, AramFingal2 said:

Rachel - I once again have to commend your commitment to science... I know panty pooping is not your thing, but doing it "to see what happens" is deeply in the spirit of pure inquiry and sexy as hell. Another great post.

}}

Hehehe thanks, I kind of took things a little further last night when I tried swim diapers in the tub... story to come shortly

{{3 hours ago, nappypants said:

Surprised you could pee for 10 seconds in a pad like that! I'd have thought you'd be wet down to the knees...

}}

Me too, though I might be a little off on the timing... Time does strange things when you are peeing yourself...

*007*2019-07-19 19:30

{{19 hours ago, Krissy13 said:

Wow!! You're so daring! I don't know how you could possibly ever concentrate in a state like this. I imagine it'd be so much fun to try such a thing!

}}

It was very distracting

*010*2019-07-22 21:45

{{On 7/19/2019 at 12:30 PM, rachelkirwan said:

It was very distracting

}}

Also, I would love to wear pee stained panties but the smell would be obvious to co-workers and distracting

And Ah, yes, I can some time, though I did do a pad olympics a while back and wet my way through a bunch of them. But imagine a pretty wrapping paper covered box filled with random pads, tampons, the odd diaper, and some other random stuff

{{1 hour ago, Kez said:

Ohh that big yellow patch on the pad is amazing

I have a little request - can we get a run-down and maybe some snaps of the contents of the "naughty bin"? Now that you've mentioned it, I'm super curious.

}}

*012*2019-07-25 07:12

{{On 7/23/2019 at 2:22 AM, shybottom said:

Honestly I cant believe someone else not only keeps clothes seperate for planned wettings and wears panties under goodnites but I also use pee pads in panties...

Im kinda worked up...Thank you for being brave enough to wear and wet at work...Risking an accident is a gamble...and terrifying at work...

}}

Thanks hun! You should see some of my past adventures

*015*2019-08-02 21:10

{{4 hours ago, WetG/F said:

Just a note on dirty panties....I,m sure I have mentioned it before but a couple of my bi sexual ex g/fs have told me that wearing panties for a couple of days or more feels really sexy......and the smell attracts 'girls who like girls'.....?? So they believed...girls have a better sense of smell where girls smells are concerned and this attracts them.....maybe girl pee is chock full of good old pheromones?? It certainly works for me.

}}

Well I've got a pair of panties currently hanging up to dry in my bathroom that I've peed in like 15 times and they smell so strongly that I can smell them like in the other room, and the smell is turning me on a ton, so I bet if I wore them out around people into pee stuff that I'd definitely get some other girls wet

*016*2019-08-04 09:11

Some stains you can't wash out I've tried with these undies...

