First true wetting

Author: IHTPP

*000*2020-08-10 16:25

So I'm a very clean person, so much that i really dont like wetting too much, I'm much more into pissing on others, desperation etc. My main ability is bladder control, i have a lot of willpower and can hold back, but i pee very fast and strong so if i go, i go.

Me and my fiance went out one night to a bar in the city. We met up with friends and dtarted to drink and have a good time. About half way through my bladder was getting pretty full, i had nearly 5 beers without any food, it went right through me.

I asked him "wheres the bathroom i really need to go." He giggled. "Can you hold it till we get home?"

I told him it all depended on when we left. I severly slowed down on drinking then. I basically just sipped a water. An hour and a half passed, every ounce of liquid pounding at my bladder. I was swollen, in so kuch disarray and i told him we needed to leave if i was going to make it. The final goodbye to friends lasted 30 minutes. 30 minutes of me trying my best not to let the others know i was busting at the seams.

Instead of walking to our car, we got in the elevator and road it so he could mess with me. He grabbed my crotch and felt my abdomen.

"Oh my, you really are full!" I kind of gave in and let myself freak out a bit then. " babe i really don't think i can make it home im really really full." I told him. I wasn't lying, i was already pretty much at a 9. " are you telling me no? I thought it was my decision when you go?" I nodded. He then proceeded to get a water from the vending machine. We climbed into the car and he said " i want you to chug this before we leave."

There was so much pressure, i was finding every urge but i accepted. Chugging the water was difficult, but i did. 30 minutes until we got home. 15 minutes in, i had my pants complete unzipped, no seatbelt, anything that put any pressure on my rock hard bladder off of it. Was maxed out. Every second i thought i was going to bust but i kept it under control. We pulled into the driveway, the water i had chunged bashing the dam down. I stepped out, and felt a huge waved as i doubled over. He helped me through the door. "I cant hold it, i really... oh my god i cant-" a spurt came out.

"No no, keep on holding!" He told me. I was using every part of my abdomen as i struggled. My bladder bulge was a watermelon, i was so full. And that when i couldnt take it anymore, the flood shot out of me. The sound of my stream smashing into my briefs and jeans, so much strength that a small stream was arching out like there wasnt a pair of pants on me. I moaned with so much ecstasy, the pressure only grew as i finally just relaxed my muscles and i pissed for nearly a minute in a half of it, flooding the floor beneath.

