Got a bit carried away last weekend

Author: Can'tFoolOwls

*000*2021-07-01 22:23

So this all began a couple of weeks ago when I couldn't sleep one night. I'd been drinking quite a bit of water that day, not fetish related just because the weather was so hot, so I'd been peeing pretty frequently. Anyway at one point I got up to use the bathroom then went back to bed, but what do you know 10 minutes later I started needing to go again. Not lots but enough that I knew it would keep me awake. I figured it can't be that much right, given I'd only gone 10 minutes earlier. Must just be bladder strain from peeing so much. Plus I was feeling kinda naughty so I thought what the hell, why not just let it out? So I did. Well turned out there was more in there than I expected, I actually ended up peeing for about 10 seconds so my bed and undies were both pretty soaked. Anyway I had a blissful sleep in the warm wetness that night, then the following day I left a fan pointed at the bed and it was all dried out by that night.

Well this all got me thinking about how I could have a bit of low-cleanup fun if I was careful to only let out small enough amounts. So several nights over the following week, usually in the morning after waking up with a full bladder, I did a few of these mini wettings. Basically relax and let it flow, count to about 10 seconds or so then clamp it off. Then revel in the wetness and naughtiness. This was with an unprotected bed so it all ended up soaked into my covers and mattress. But each time I'd just leave a fan on it and it'd be dry again by the following night.

Anyway this all culminated in last Saturday when I finally took it too far. That morning I woke up desperate as usual, so just lay where I was, relaxed and let it go. I peed for about 20 seconds but only flowing very slowly. But this time that wasn't enough for me so I turned over to lie on a dry area and let go for another 20 seconds, now pushing a little bit to get a faster flow. By the time the 20 seconds was up my bladder was almost empty so I just let it taper off naturally.

Only this time round I'd flew to close to the sun, as I soon found out while basking in the warm wetness when I heard the tell-tale "drip... drip... drip" from the floor under the bed. Yep, I'd peed through the mattress.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

