Fun evening - With pics

Author: Danish

*000*2018-10-24 17:47

I decided to make yet another post after my last post got so much positive response. - And thanks again!

I had the evening home alone today, so i decided to make it a bit fun. I made sure that i had to pee a lot, when my girlfriend left for her appointment. I started letting out small spurts, right after she left, and soaking my jeans bit by bit walking around in the apartment.

I sat down on a towel in the bathroom, when they where wet to about knee hight. Sitting there I played som 8ball on my iPhone to pass the time, and just letting loose whenever i felt for it. When I felt that i was almost done, I stood back up and let the rest out so my jeans was soaked all the way down!

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*003*2018-10-25 06:28

{{6 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Great pics

}}

Thanks!

{{1 hour ago, Helena said:

Lovely! I like to do that too, its so deliberating. What I like to know is if your girlfriend know about your fetisch? Have you peed yor pants in front of her? Is she acceptable?

}}

Thanks, and yes it's so nice!

My girlfriend knows that i like to watch girls pee themself, but she does not want to take any part in it, so i do only pee my pants when she is away.

So no, I have not peed my pants in front of her. I have been wet in front of her one time, because i decided to wet during a run. When i came home completely soaked, I realised that she was home early, there i stod in soaked shorts. But i don't think that she saw it.

*005*2018-10-25 10:59

{{24 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Amazing!!!

}}

Thank you!

*007*2018-10-25 13:14

{{5 minutes ago, Anisha said:

Nice pics!

I think it's cool that your girlfriend knows and doesn't mind, even if she doesn't want anything to do with it. It's nice to have someone in your life that doesn't judge you for what you like.

}}

First of, thanks! :)

Well, she doesn't know that I pee my pants on a regular basis. She only knows that I have a fetich for watching girls pee their pants. But yeah, she didn't judge me on it, but simply that she does not find it something she want to do, and i respekt that!

*009*2018-10-25 13:32

{{15 minutes ago, Anisha said:

She's definitely a keeper

}}

Yeah I know! She is the best!

