Desperatly driving home from work - the day after

Author: maxpee

*000*2016-02-24 21:18

Some of you may have read my story ‘desperatly driving home from work’, which happened three weeks ago. Today I’m gonna tell you what happened the next day (February 2). Sorry it took me so long to write it, but I’ve been extremely busy the last few weeks. Hope you enjoy :)

So my day was very similar to the day before: I work for two hours, have some spare time and then work another two hours. Since I had almost full-on wet myself in my car (if it wasn’t for my pull-up) the day before, I had kinda learned my lesson and I decided to drink less water. I left for work, but this time I didn’t wear a pull-up, because I felt more confident about drinking less water. Nothing special happened until I was in my last hour of work again.

When I arrived at my last patient’s house and we sat down at the table, I saw they had already put a 0,5 litre bottle of water and a big glass on the table for me. At first I was hesitant to drink it, considering the events which happened the day before. After 15 minutes, I decided to drink some water anyway, because I was actually really thirsty. I hadn’t been drinking anything since my lunch break, which was 5 hours before. Some water was welcome. It was my last hour of work and I didn’t feel the need to pee. If the need would come, I would still make it home dry … I thought.

So In the last 45 minutes I downed the bottle of water completly. The moment I stood up to pack my things and say goodbye to my patient, my bladder started to work. When I sat down in my car, a huge wave of desperation hit me. So typical. I immediatly felt like I was at 8/10 and had to jam my hand between my legs.

I started my car and heared a familiar sound *beep beep beep*. The sound brought me back to earth. The beeping was telling me I had almost ran out of gas and had to find a gas station. I was already driving around for quite a while with my almost empty gastank. Normally I go to a gas station near my house, but I had forgotten to do that before going to work. With a 30 minute drive ahead of me, I probably wouldn’t make it home if I didn’t put any gas in my car. Great, this is not what I had imagined. I didn’t want to put gas in my car. I wanted to drive home as fast as a could to be able to pee.

Anyway, I had no other choice. While being desperate in the car again, I started looking for a place to buy gas. Although I don’t recall being as desperate as I was the day before, I still had a really hard time holding it. I was squirming almost constantly and pushing my hand between my legs every now and then. After 20 minutes I finally saw a gas station and pulled over.

The moment I stepped out of the car, gravity started working and pushed hard on my bladder. I immediatly felt even more desperate than I was when I was driving around. I started walking around my car nervously. I had to pee so bad. I felt like the moment I would stop moving and relax my muscles, I would completly soak my grey jeans.

It was the first time I stopped for gas in this kind of gas station, so I didn’t really know how it worked and I needed some time figuring out which steps I had to take. While I was doing so, I was kinda pee dancing to prevent myself from wetting. I was lifting my legs and pushing my crotch a little bit while bending forward. I grunted.

‘Just put a little gas in the car’, I said to myself. ‘Just enough to make it home’. There was just no time to waste. I was on the verge of wetting myself. I took the handle and started putting gas in my car as fast as I could. I tried to keep my figure and stand still. The moment gas started pumping through the tubes, my bladder gave in. A huge spurt dampened my panties. And another. And another. I looked down in horror, and immediatly saw some strains spreading on my inner thighs. They went from my crotch to halfway my thighs.

This is it, I thought. I’ll have to come home and admit to my parents I have wet myself like a 5-year old. My mind had already given up the fight, but apparantly my body hadn’t. To my own surprise, I somehow managed to regain controle after those three spurts.

I jumped back in my car and started rubbing my thighs, hoping the wetness would magically disappear. Which of course didn’t happen. I also put my airco on and started blasting hot air to make the stains go away. That’s how I proceeded my drive home. I didn’t leak or spurt in my panties anymore, even though my bladder was still really really full.

Like the day before, I immediatly dashed into the bathroom the second I got home, doing another pee dance in front of the toilet. The relief was huge! After that I sprinted to my room and put on my pyjama’s, before having dinner. My parents never noticed what had happend. Nailed it!

