Cashier desperation

Author: daniel2

*000*2019-06-14 02:07

I used to work at target.

Normally I would work in the shoe aisle but everyone has to have cashier training in case I'm backup for cashiers. So I got called in to do cashier work as training next to someone who is already a cashier.

This girl had brown skin, black hair and she has pretty short. She was also fairly young like most people who work there.

She was basically training me and we were also taking in customers. I noticed that she was shifting her leg a little and moving around. I didn't take much of it at first.

After 10 or 15 minutes she started to shifting her leg more and bobbing up and down occasionally. We would take customers and I would help with bagging or scanning. This went on for almost an hour. She was fidgeting even more. As well as bouncing up and down at a faster pace. The bouncing would happen more frequently. Then it was finally 5pm, it was time for me to leave. She was about to shut down the line for she can go to the bathroom since my training for the day was over but another cashier says told her to stay the rest of the day. She was suppose to leave at 6. That means she was suppose to hold her pee for another hour.

I heard her sigh and I saw her face was looking more uncomfortable. It was time for me to clock out so I couldn't see the rest of the desperation.

*002*2019-06-18 01:01

{{On 6/15/2019 at 6:52 PM, Pistachio said:

When one is desperate, mere minutes seem like hours.

Too bad you couldn't check out the checkout afterward. I'd like to think she made it but not an entirely clean getaway.

}}

It would have been awkward if I went back to the same checkout.

If she didn't make it, everyone would have known. Maybe someone covered for her, we'll never know.

