A long long hold

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-10-17 19:39

Hi all!

I have had the most prolonged desperation experience I can remember for a long while, and was thoroughly enjoying the sensation of a full bladder, so here I am, leaping back in after a bit of a hiatus.

My thoughts on this have really changed, not that it is a thought, more of a non-sexual pleasure I derive from desperation, however I do feel like I want to be more reserved. I've got back into reading omo, and last night had a dream I was in an omo shop, with a book on how to do omo, it was interesting. Anyway, I got the urge today and decided to see how long I could last, so here, I'm going to share it with you.

Since I broke up with my ex bf, I commute now from my parent's place, which is a long train journey. Anyway, I had my first lesson at 11, where I downed a load of water, then I had nothing until a meeting at 14:30. I went to the local shop got a sarnie and a coffee and stuff, went to the uni café because of the wifi and sat there and ate lunch. I chatted a bit with some people, then felt the need to go to the loo, so I went at about 13:00, then went on the PC and worked on some uni stuff.

After an hour or so I logged off and printed stuff out, ready for my meeting with a study tutor, and then went and found her, upstairs in the local hall, in an area with a tonne of comfy sofas. I'm meant to meet with her for an hour or so, but we got chatting about my work, then about some issues I'm having with a specific class. About 30 minutes in I got a twinge from my bladder, and was pretty cold but didn't feel like putting on my jacket, so I folded my arms around myself a bit, and didn't notice many more twinges. Eventually after nearly an hour and 40 minutes we were done, and made our way back downstairs. I had just missed my train back, so I decided to hang back in the café.

By now I was cold and my bladder was sending a pretty constant signal to my brain, but I ignored it and got a hot chocolate and went to sit down. I read on my phone for a while, and sipped on my drink, and by that point I had decided I was going to wait to see how long I could last. I put on my jacket and went to the train station, bypassing the toilets at the café, the public ones and the ones at the station.

I went up to my platform and waited in the chilly air, people watching as I still had a good half an hour until my train. There were a lot of school and college kids, and one older boy was sipping from a can of coke, with his mates. He asked them if they should stand or sit and they said stand, he reluctantly stood, and continued sipping at his drink, whilst crossing his legs every so often and swapping legs, swaying from side to side. It looked to me as if he was pretty desperate, which kept my bladder sending more urgent signals to me.

He couldn't keep himself very still, finding excuses to walk around, and then he sat cross legged all of a sudden and resumed drinking his drink. I assume he was waiting until his train came, as it was obvious his signs of desperation. I didn't find out in the end as they caught a different train to me, but anyway, thought I'd share that.

When I got on the train, I chose a seat facing the direction of travel, but it was right by the toilets. At the start of the journey being sat in the warm really lessened my need, but I was a little disappointed if I'm honest. I began playing games with my bladder.

I relaxed completely as if I didn't have to go at all, which sent urgent pangs from my bladder that made me shuffle, and seriously bounce my leg. That was more along the lines of what I was looking for! I kept doing that but the effect seemed to wear off. I thought if I pushed as if I was going to pee normally, and then at the last second stop, that would make me terrifically desperate, so I did that. The first time I pushed a bit too far and the tiniest of drops came out. I relaxed and did it again, slowly coaxing my pee along until it was right at the edge, and tempting myself to let go, but then pulling back.

That really raised my desperation, I had to twist and writhe in my seat to hold on, pressing my thighs together, my hand digging into my thigh and I desperately wanted to put my hand between my legs, but I couldn't. I crossed and uncrossed my legs, my bladder was aching for release. I had to really really will to hold on for a good 5 minutes until it passed, and then I thought if I do that again I'm going to lose it, so as much as I wanted to, I waited, as I was nearly at my stop.

I got home and was doing chores such as taking out the rubbish and drying up plates whilst my mum was talking to me. I was finding it difficult to reply as I really needed to go now. I went upstairs and was on my computer doing stuff, talking to people, and I was waiting to see how long I could last. By now I was bouncing every so often and struggling a bit to concentrate. I was about to go to the bathroom before dinner, when I got called down to eat.

I sat down on my foot whilst I ate, and that made the urge go away, but after a while I couldn't stand it much longer. I got up to clear the plates, so as to give me an excuse to move around, and did so quickly, and began to fill the bowl to wash up. My mum came over offering to wash up and for me to dry up and I agreed, the water on my hands wasn't helping much.

It didn't take us long, but my mum was taking ages to clean up the surfaces, and I still had to put stuff away. When she had her back turned I was hopping about, and changing legs, pressing my thighs together. I said 'come on mum I need to put the stuff away' and she offered to do it. I gladly accepted and ran up to my room.

By now I was bursting, I was on my bed, sat up, lying down, cross legged, legs stretched out, changing positions really fast. At one point I had to lie down completely on my side and hold myself with two hands through my jeans.

I could feel it coming out and really couldn't wait much longer so I jumped up quickly, and had to immediately cross my legs and hold on for dear life with my hands sandwiched between my thighs for about 5 seconds. I went forwards a bit more and had to do it again, this time I really could feel that I was about to wet myself, with spasms starting to come from my bladder.

I made it to the bathroom and stood looking at the toilet with my hands between my thighs. I really couldn't hold on much longer now, I was willing my body to wait. I stood pushing my hands against the wall, with my legs crossed pressed together with everything I had. I felt my bladder do a small spasm and a spurt escaped. I hurriedly held myself until the wave passed and then tore down my jeans and sat on the toilet, but didn't let myself pee yet. I sat there holding myself now rocking back and forth on the toilet, as I dribbled a little every now and then, until a wave came and I couldn't fight it anymore, I peed full force over my hands and sat peeing for ages whilst I slowly wiped my hand with paper and fully enjoyed the relief.

I finished and washed up, and came on here to write this!!

Hope you enjoyed it!!!

EQ

:)

*002*2016-10-17 19:50

{{8 minutes ago, lostsoul said:

I really enjoyed it. Thank you :-)

}}

No problem :)))

*004*2016-10-17 20:17

{{28 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

Excellent, and as well written as ever! It's really good to see that you're getting back into it...I've really missed your stories, for one :-)

}}

I know you have HaD hehehe, hopefully there will be more to come :P

