Pregnant/post-birth wettings?

Author: nappypants

*000*2021-04-12 17:09

It's seemingly one of the most common reasons for younger women to wet themselves or develop bladder control problems, so does anyone here have experience of having such accidents themselves, or have a partner, friend etc. who has done? Particularly if public wettings resulted! Or also if you/the woman in question ended up having to wear nappies as a result?

*003*2021-04-12 20:11

{{11 minutes ago, wetpantsboy said:

My wife gave birth to our first child 10 months ago. She didn't have to wear a diaper after and hasn't had any accidents. There have been some close calls though. It would seem that her muscles to hold it in when very desperate have gotten weaker. If I make her laugh when she is desperate she has to run to the toilet. Usually shouting "Oh shit!" as she goes. This usually ends with some damp panties.

}}

Well, damp panties is “sort of” an accident...

*007*2021-04-15 18:33

{{4 minutes ago, justme said:

I've know a lot of women who were pregnant and wet themselves quite often, even in the first trimester. Some of these were very public, and some of the women have described these accidents to me, sometimes in great detail. Ditto post pregnancy, but in most cases these were women who were quite accident prone before pregnancy, so not at all clear pregnancy made it worse. I've also been with some of the women who when they were pregnant had accidents, some small and minor, some major complete wettings. All good memories, for me at least....

}}

Any stories you can remember and tell us? (names can be changed, obviously, just like their wet knickers )

*015*2021-04-18 17:25

Some amazing stories here, keep them coming!

*017*2021-04-21 19:32

{{2 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

I have to say, I can absolutely get where the husband is coming from here. The idea of a cute, chubby wife in her mid-late 30s, having since become a mother, and now sporting an overactive bladder / urge incontinence, absolutely makes my heart race.

It's a conundrum, because obviously I don't want her to be mortified, and would want her to be comfortable in her body, and if she hated her overactive bladder I'd want anything done to see it resolved. On the other hand, I wish there was an easy way for a guy to say that you don't find her desperation or her accidents unattractive, and quite the contrary want to do utterly unspeakable thing to her when she does wet herself accidentally, without sounding like a complete psycho when saying so.

}}

There must be thousands, if not millions, of men in this situation...

Urination is inherently sexual to an extent, and will often trigger something in people who have never given a thought to it before and have no idea what terms like "omorashi" mean. Seeing an attractive woman desperate or having an accident in her pants is likely to do so very frequently. There will be men who are surprised and confused at the fact that they're massively turned on by their wife's accidents, or by the pads, pull-ups or nappies she ends up having to wear. And most of them probably won't acknowledge the fact...

