A leak in the Peaks!

Author: Ashi

*000*2019-01-24 22:11

So this happened Sunday just gone, figured I'd share the little story I have ~

So if you guys had caught my status update the other day, I unfortunately had to undergo a 24 hour urine sample collection (to check the health of my kidneys). So the general gist of the collection was that you had to empty your bladder before starting and THEN, for the next 24 hours, collect all urine into this one large 5L container. Since I'm a girl and can't just go straight into it, I opted for using a makeshift-cup and transferring the fluids into the large one.

This was the same day I had decided to plan a little hike up to the peaks district with @Zest

, and I wasn't going to let it get in the way of our little day out.

I start this 'collection' around 8am, and we set off around 10am to go for this nice little venture out. Now, for those who might live outside the UK, the Peak District is a bunch of mountains and hills, it gets quite high and you definitely need to be a bit more prepared than just heading out in a coat and some trainers (oops). Alas, me and Zest drove there, and since they're literally mountains we found that it was quite thick with snow, ice and fog with the cold wintery weather, nothing like the milder rain we'd been having where we live.

(here's a photo of when the fog began to clear up - doesn't really show well but that valley had a very steep drop to it with a river at the base! You can just about make shape of the windy path that goes all the way back and wraps around.)

So anyway, we spent a good hour and a half hiking through all this snow and mud, we got to the 'peak' of the particular mountain we'd walked around and decided we'd probably best start heading back as we had a limited time on parking.

It was at this point I finally realised that I actually needed the bathroom, the aching in my legs from the climbing and walking had been a good distraction for the most part. I was also very much aware that I still needed to do this 'collection'. In the car I'd brought a container and a bottle to store the urine in until back home, on the off chance that I may have needed to go pee, but unfortunately that was an hour away in the car's boot.

It was almost like I had a timer to beat, we started heading back down at a far quicker pace than when we climbed, though we slowed down considerably at some slippy, muddy parts, which made the urge to go even worse!

We'd gotten a little over half-way back and Zest slipped and fell in some snow. As he was ahead of me I got to witness the whole thing and it's not even like it was just a quick slip. He full on fell over in a comedic fashion, legs akimbo in the air and straight onto his butt in the snow.

It broke me. I burst out laughing and couldn't contain myself. It wasn't until I felt that brief feeling of loss of control that I actually started to worry and had to squeeze my thighs shut. Amidst trying to control my laughter, hold myself and make sure Zest was okay, I indeed felt myself leak. >////< I haven't ever laughed so hard to end up losing control for a few moments, so it was such a weird sensation. I felt my underwear grow warm and damp in contrast to the cold weather. Being slightly worried about messing up the 'collection' sobered me up a little, and after a few moments I managed to gain a bit of composure, to stop myself from releasing the whole torrent I had waiting to burst back out.

I fessed up to Zest, who found it endearingly cute and... probably more (ahah). He encouraged us on and after what felt like forever, finally made it back to the car. Coming off the mountain it was a good 10-15 minute walk to get back to the car itself, the mixture of finally touching solid, un-slippy ground and finally having a chance to pee felt like bliss as I had to hurriedly walk, bladder feeling achingly full and sloshy.

There was a bathroom at the car park, and with my bag containing the bottle and little makeshift container in hand, I practically bounded for the restroom. Inside there were three small cubicles, a few sinks to wash hands and a clunky sounding hand drier. Stumbling into the women's bathroom I was suddenly aware that it was quite busy within. There were two ladies at the sinks, seemingly getting ready to head up into the peaks, and the middle stall was also occupied.

Rushing into the nearest one I hoisted my leggings and underwear down, pulled the container out and squatted over the toilet, hand awkwardly holding the container in place. The sudden relief was bliss... ...however the obvious sound of the urine pouring into something other than the toilet filled me with utter embarrassment. When I was done I pulled the water bottle out and timed transferring the pee as soon as I heard the rattly hand drier turn on. I cleaned up, hid the bag between my legs as I washed my hands hastily and rushed back to the safety of the car.

So, not quite a 'full' accident, but such a close call I was worried I'd mess up! >///<

Also for the record, though I forgot to take a picture right at the end, I filled up a little over a third of that 5L collection bottle, which I had to awkwardly carry back to my doctors the following morning, in a green biohazard bag! o_o

