Why seats near the bathroom on a plane are the best

Author: moonori

*000*2018-08-30 05:06

I discovered recently that the seats near the bathroom on a plane are the best for an omo enthusiast. I unfortunatly didn't end up seeing a wetting, but definite desperation so I hope this is the catagory this belongs in.

I was on a five-ish hour flight that was delayed two hours after everyone was on the plane so we were sitting there for a long time. There was a lot of turbulence so the majority of the flight the seat belt sign was on. When we were getting pretty close to landing it finally went off again and a long line formed almost immediately. My friend was sitting in the isle seat and I was next to him. I was facing him and pretending to have a conversation, but I wasn't actually paying any attention to what he was saying as I had a perfect view of everyone in line. Mostly it was uneventful, what you would normally see in a bathroom line, but one guy. The first truly desperate person I have ever seen.

(For people who like descriptions, this happened a little while ago but from what I remember he was really tall, had short blonde hair, probabaly around 20-25, and looked athletic. Pretty handsome, think like younger David Beckham. Something about him made me think soccer player. He was wear a plain t-shirt and grey shorts.)

First I noticed him moving around a bit but I thought it was just from the plane moving. Then I noticed how tense he was and he was leaning forward some like he couldn't really stand up straight. I started watching him like a hawk and it was beyond obvious (I think even to someone who isn't into omo) that he was on the verge of pissing himself. There was still around five or six people before him and that haopened to leave him right where I had a perfect view, I couldn't believe my luck. He started rubbing his lower stomach which lifted up his shirt for me to see his bladder was huuuge. Everytime he had to move for someone to get back to their seat it looked like he was in pain. I honestly dont know how it could have gotten that bad, even with the seat belt sign on a lot.

At one point he suddenly bent over more and reached for his crotch but pulled back at the last second. I honestly couldn't believe I was getting to witness this. He was keeping his hand on his upper thigh and it was literally shaking, while his other hand kept rubbing his bladder. Two more times I saw him almost grab himself and once he actually did for a split second. Then the seat belt sign came back on. I could tell he was absolutely not gonna make it the rest of the flight and he definitely knew that too, so he stayed in place while everyone else in line moved past him to sit back down. I could tell waiting for the last person to leave the bathroom was pure torture to him, he was at the point of desperation where is seemed he was being weighed down by his bladder and just couldn't move at all. When the door finally opened he basically pushed his way in before the last person was all the way out.

I watched when he left to see if there was any visible wet spots but I didn't see any. Even so, from the show he put on I don't think he was 100% dry. I think it's pretty rare for someone to make their need that obviously, especially grabbing themself, without already being at the point of leaking. I like to imagine that he would leak everytime the plane shook, started to go full force as the door was opening, then frantically trying to pull himself out of his pants while pee continued to pure out. Definitly the most desperation I've seen.

