Falling down wet

Author: Country Man

*000*2012-08-28 04:21

In the General Discussion forum (http://omorashi.org/...piration-thread

), Millan mentioned one possible accident scenario.

{{: 

Tripping – This might be a bit weird, but I heard stories of girls falling on their butts which made them pee their pants.

}}

Disclaimer: This is a description of male wetting - hopefully some other experiences will be added.

I know this can happen because it's happened to me.

I was a business trip to Seoul, Korea. Business in Asia involves businessmen "socializing" after work, i.e. drinking, dinner, drinking, entertainment, drinking...

So you get the picture, at the end of an evening, much alcohol had flowed. I left one of these outings one night maybe 10:30 or 11:00pm. I had only been in the country a few days, I didn't speak Korean, or know my way around, and was beginning to get jet-lagged. Maybe this is why I didn't seek to excuse myself from our group, or try to find the bar's bathroom when we finally broke for the evening, even though I really needed to.

My hotel was not that far away, a kilometer's walk at most and in a pretty direct path. But it didn't take me very long to discover that I would need to hurry. My bladder was aching, and I soon knew I might have to find a way to relieve myself along the way. The only trouble was that most places were closed or closing, I didn't want to try to negotiate the bathroom transaction, and the street was busy and well-lit. I hurried along, getting increasingly desperate as I began to look for alleyways, dark corners, any where I might stop for a quick pee.

As a foreigner, I didn't want to make a spectacle of myself, and no place I could see was even remotely secluded enough. I was starting to worry, but close to my hotel was a little park, and if I could make it there, I'd be off the street and in the relative dark, and could go behind a tree.

At last I made it there, and not a moment too soon, because I did not think I'd be able to go the last few blocks. I almost ran into the park, anticipating relief, and between the alcohol and the darker space and the hurrying, I tripped over something and fell.

And that was it. When I hit the ground, my bladder let go. Shocked, I tried to stop, and struggled to my feet, still peeing. I fumbled with my pants, still peeing. I managed to stop long enough to get my zipper open and kind of get behind a bush. But even as I finished my pee on the ground, I realized my pants were no longer presentable, showing the results of a major pee accident even in the dim light of the park.

Aside from trying to sleep the nigh in the park, at least until the pants dried (not a good option), I had no option but to make the walk back to the hotel, head hung low. I don't know whether it was more embarrassing to walk through the lobby with obviously pissed-in pants, or giving my suit to the maid the next morning to be dry cleaned.

So, it seems that if you've got a full bladder, a fall is a pretty good way to empty it in your pants.

Do you have any similar stories?

