How it all started

Author: krisss

*000*2019-09-26 20:03

This was by no means my first accident but it was the one I believe my feelings stem from. It was when I was in P4 meaning i would've been 8. Back in primary school we had school uniform of grey trousers and a polo shirt. At lunch i had an extra orange juice and I also forgot to go to the toilet meaning by the time i was back in class I was already quite desperate. For the next 15 or so we finished the maths work off and after this i was at the point of needing to go soon. At the same time as i raised my hand to ask for the toilet the teacher was looking for people to do a demo on atoms and i was chosen for it along with 4 others. While the teacher was going over some background stuff i could feel the pee almost coming out. We were then told to huddle together and i was just hoping not to pee myself in that situation as i had visions of the other 4 running away from me, thankfully I survived it.

Just after we had spread out i let out the first spurt and knew i was going to pee myself, this was followed by a slightly longer spurt then i lost total control. I felt the rush of warm pee escape and the wetness spread in my pants and crouch and eventually down the inside of my legs. While I was peeing and after i stopped I made sure not to look down to try and avoid drawing attention to my wet trousers and damp spot on the carpet. However this didn't work as a girl who was sitting at the front of the class shouted krisss peed in his pants, this was followed by laughter and the teacher trying to calm everyone down before sending me to the medical room.

I walked there as quickly as possible to avoid more people seeing. Once i got to the medical room i told the nurse that i wet myself and she had a look on her face like i can see that. She then dug out spare trousers and pants as well as a plastic bag and some wipes and sent me to the toilet. After i took the wet trousers off I had a weird fascination looking at the wetness on my pants and thinking about how the wetness formed as it did and how it would look in different scenarios. Eventually i actually changed my clothes and trekked back to class with a bag full of wet clothes and afternoon of teasing ahead of me.

*002*2019-09-27 13:16

{{6 hours ago, PantWetter said:

For me, I started when I was 4-5 years old and I was in kindergarten and I waited to much to poop because I didn't wanted to make it on the schools bathroom so I pooped my entire underwear, And since that day I started to wet and poop myself on purpose, I remember some "accidents" when I let it all go before putting off my underwear when I was 5 and pooping my underwear when I was 6, but when I was 8-9 I started to continuously pee and poop my underwear every day before the shower and wet my bed almost every day like I do nowadays.

}}

For me the accidents up until that one didn't really do anything for me, I can't quite pin point what was different about that one. It took me until I was 12 to start doing it deliberately but I remained fascinated by the pee stains left on clothes for any accident I had after that and others I seen.

