Pissed my pants while roommate was home

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-05-05 07:25

I just fully pissed myself in the room next to where my roommate is in the living room!!

I had to go really bad, and I just wanted to get a video of myself leaking in my jeans. My roommate is playing a game so I knew he wouldn't get up for a while. My bladder was already hurting and desperation came on fast. I quietly got up and found my light blue jeans.. I was only wearing a robe,, so I snuck into the spare room to change. I was squirming around trying to prop up my camera. I was only going to go a little bit... just enough to film a wet spot! I turned around and felt the first leak between my legs.

I wasn't wearing panties so it made my pants wet right away. I panicked and realized I hadn't pressed record! I started the video just as another stream of piss dampened my crotch. I glanced at my phone and was worried that the lighting wouldn't be good, so I started messing with my lamp on my desk. I squeezed my thighs together as best I could, but I just couldn't concentrate... I felt a long stream of piss run down my legs. I turned to watch on the video as my jeans darkened. It was exactly the video I wanted, so I figured I could stop pissing and use the bathroom, but I was wrong! I couldn't stop pissing.

I watched my pee glistening down my legs and was so aroused that I relaxed my muscles and began to fully empty my bladder. My heart raced as I listened to my roommates game in the next room, and continued to piss my pants. This was not at all what I wanted to do, but it was so hot that I just couldn't stop! I stood and stared down the hallway as I soaked my jeans on the carpet.

I took my clothes off and put them in a bag behind my dresser until I can do laundry I hope I don't have to go that bad again tonight because I can hardly resist being so naughty!

20210504_235109_1_1.mp4

*002*2021-05-05 08:07

{{1 minute ago, wamfun said:

Oh my so sexy the way your jeans changed color! I bet that felt great!

}}

Definitely the fastest I've ever peed my pants!

*010*2021-05-05 21:42

Thank you

My roommate doesn't know, and hasn't come that close to catching me. He's usually not home. I've only done it while he's home a few times.

*014*2021-05-05 23:45

{{1 hour ago, trekkie said:

That's a few more times than most of us would ever dare! I always wonder how the people with so much more courage than I have do it.

}}

I'm pretty good at watching patterns. I know if my roommate starts playing a game, I won't be interuppted long enough to pee and clean up. I only do this when I am completely hydrated! If it's not close to clear, I'm not doing it!

