My weird morning dream

Author: Luna

*000*2016-05-25 04:22

This is going to be a short post. Just something that happensd to me this morning which was quite intriguing.

Well, I've been sick for the past few days, so I try to sleep in. This morning I woke up with an average full bladder lol, I didn't think much of it I just looked at the time and went back to sleep.

The most bizarre dream I've had in a while came to me as I drifted off. I was in my house dashing around like a madman, randomly squatted over a plastic bag in the trash can and released. Shockingly, it was actually filling up which is when I knew it was kinda unrealistic. I woke up checking myself straight after thinking that was such a realistic dream. Luckily I didn't actually wet myself in the bed as I don't have water proofing and not being bothered to do the laundry. Anyway, after that I really couldn't go back to sleep lol Plus I couldn't stop thinking about it.

*002*2016-05-25 09:44

{{1 hour ago, Dr. Philthy said:

Odd activity. Had the unfortunate circumstances of some wetting issues in my sleep about 3 years ago.

Are you taking any medication that would cause bizarre dreams? (And hope you feel better soon)

}}

Haha nope, but I do feel kind of better right now. only sniffles

I contradicted myself with it being unrealistic and realistic at the same time lol.

*004*2016-05-25 21:59

{{11 hours ago, gobphus said:

Feel better soon, Luna!

I wonder why some pee dreams lead to actual wetting and others don't. Usually the actions we dream about are not also performed in real life. Why are some pee dreams different?

}}

Thanks, I'm feeling pretty good, much better than yesterday lol

I actually think it's more of the type of people, like some people will have stronger unconscious hold in their sleep unlike people with incontinence.

