Forced to hold and wet

Author: Omolily

*000*2020-08-29 16:51

This is my first time posting, so please go easy on me.

Ive been into omo for a while and my girlfriend knows this. She isn’t as interested, But she likes to play along sometimes. We make a cute couple, I’m about 5’3, average build with long ginger hair. She is 5’4 with shorter black hair.

This happened about a week ago. We were chatting over breakfast at the weekend and I excused myself to go to the bathroom. I wasn’t desperate, maybe 5/10, but it was a little distracting and we were having a nice conversation. She caught my wrist as I left, saying I needed the toilet. “No you don’t” she said, “good girls don’t need the toilet”. It took me a second but I realised what she was saying. I nodded, “you’re right, I’m a good girl” I said.

After breakfast, excited by the prospect of things to come, I changed out of my pyjamas into a black bra and panties, with a black top and grey leggings (really cute to wet in). By this point I was maybe 6/10, it was getting very uncomfortable but I could wait a while longer.

I went back downstairs where my girlfriend had started up a video game. We could play together, so I grabbed a glass of water and a controller and joined her, sipping water every now and again. Soon though, the urge was getting difficult to control. I crossed my legs and clenched my muscles, but it was still tough. Being desperate was also making me horny, which wasn’t helping. My girlfriend noticed and made a point of going to the bathroom at that point. The thought of her peeing while I couldn’t was torture! She brought back some towels and put them on the floor in front of my “just in case my good girl has an accident” she said.

After playing for a while longer, the water (plus the drink I had at breakfast) was catching up with me, as I only have a small bladder. I was at a solid 9/10 and had to give up the game and grab my crotch to try to keep control, squirming loads. My hand in that area and the monster desperation while my girlfriend was watching made me throb down there for reasons that weren’t just the desperation to pee.

My girlfriend played the game for a bit longer, looking over occasionally and smiling at my desperation. She definitely knew how horny I was as well. Then she stopped and looked at me. “I think my good girl should stand on her towel “ she said. Obediently I got up and stood on the towel she had arranged, squirming on the spot, so desperate now that I could feel a wet patch under my fingers. “Good girls don’t hold themselves like that” she said and I reluctantly moved my hands away, clenching my muscles tight but I could see the dark spot on my leggings begin to grow. “Oh dear” she said, we need to do something about that”. Then she came up behind me, put her arms around me and pushed hard in my bladder.

I had no chance. My muscles gave in and the flood gates opened. I could feel the warmth flooding down my leggings and onto the towel, my girlfriend’s arms around me gently stroking my belly. The relief was incredible. “Bad girl” my girlfriend whispered. But then, knowing how horny I was, she slipped her fingers lower, into my panties and got to work. I was so horny already that I climaxed so quickly, waves of pleasure cascading through me (including down my damp legs).

Eventually, when everything finished, we cleaned up and I had a shower. I’m already looking forward to next time!

