Modern art? Let's make it fun!

Author: Elyra

*000*2017-08-31 16:08

Hey guys :)

I decided to try something new with my girl. I bought her a vibrating toy for... Well, I'm sure, I don't need to explain what you do with a vibrating toy on your girl ;)

First, I gave it to a friend of mine, he works as technician and connected the toy to a pedometer for me. I got an evil idea and wanted to try this out.

So, this day I gave this toy to my girl and she wore it. Vibration was very low, when she moved in any way but got higher and more intense when she stood still.

I made her drink a lot of water and took her outside. She didn't knew where we would go, so I took her to this modern art exhibition.

She was really excited, cause she loves modern art. I don't like modern art, but I was sure, I'd have a good time.

On the way there, my girl was ok. We walked, so she had not really felt the toy, vibration was really low. From time to time, I stopped, only to see my girl stand absolutely still and enjoy the vibration getting more intense. I didn't let her come, it would have ruined my plans.

When we reached the exhibition, I could see, what it was all about. Water! Jackpot for me, as I know, my girl can't hold on long, when she needs to pee and there's anything connected to water. It increases her need very fast and even when she's not really bursting, she feels as if she's going to have an accident.

So, we went in and every piece of art was connected to water. There were fountains, paintings of rivers, some pieces weren't really recognizable what they should be but well... Modern art.

For the first hour my girl was really calm. We walked through the exhibition, looked at the art and drank some Champagne. But then there was a reading from some artists. We sat there and listened to them, as they read texts and poems about water. One of them was really creative, she used instruments to create the sound of a waterfall, spoke of bursting dams an floods.

It was then, when I saw my girl squirming around in her seat. She couldn't sit still, bit her lip, but didn't tell me anything. When the artist was gone, my girl leaned to me "I have to pee so bad. Do you come with me?" I smiled at her "None of us will go. I want to see how long you can hold it. And stop moving around or other people will recognize your need."

This helped. There's nothing more horryfying for her than other people see her in desperation to pee.

She tried to sit still, legs pressed together and her hands clenched on the chair. Her face got a bit redder, I knew, the vibrating toy was getting more intense. Soon enough she couldn't stand it anymore and started moving again. Her face was pure disappointment and she whispered to me "It was so close! Damn it,so close!"

For the next time she tried everything to calm her down so she could stand still and don't move around but it wasn't enough for her to come. Her bladder forced her to move around, she couldn't be still longer as one minute maximum.

She was desperate and frustrated and took my hand "Please... Please let me go to the restroom. I'll come back fast, I promise." I looked at her, smiling "Sure. Go to the restroom. Empty your bladder. I won't say anything if your need is that bad. But... If you go pee, undo your toy. I'll take it away from you. You won't come today. Your choice. Restroom or orgasm." I smiled and watched her face getting from "Oh great I can pee" to "No, no, no, are you kidding me?" and left her on the spot to watch some other art pieces.

I watched her for sure and she really tried to get both. It was so hard for her. She stood there, horny as hell and tortured by her bursting bladder. She wore a skinny jeans, which normally fits perfect, but the bulge let it look as if the jeans was too small.

It must have cut her bladder severly and after a short time, she had her hand at her bulge and rubbed it softly. Then I knew it was going to end soon, she only does this when she's in pain.

But she still tried to get this orgasm and stand still, with clenched, shaking fists, fully focused on the vibration and doing all in her might to not move.

She couldn't stand still and after some tries, she rushed over to me "Please... Plese let me cum. It drives me crazy, I'm leaking and it's no pee. I'll get insane if I can't cum now." Her whole body was slightly shaking, her desperation mixed great with her horniness. I was turned on so bad, it would be great to give her what she wants, but... The game would be over then, so... "You can't bear it anymore? Ok, I'll make you cum. If you promise not to pee until we're home." She was very confident about her holding abilities or I underestimated her horniness. I still don't know exactly but she nodded immediately.

I took her to a corner and placed my hand on her crotch. Both of her hands flew to her mouth to prevent her from groaning in pleasure. She was so sensitive, even this slight touch increased her pleasure this much. I pressed the vibrating toy hard on her clit and she whimpered and took one hand away from her mouth to grab my shoulder. I moved my hand just a little bit and she came nearly immediately, biting her finger hard so she wouldn't groan. I didn't stop, held her in the corner and still pressed the toy to her clit until she was whimpering and shaking heavily. Then I let go, knowing, her horniness wouldn't be gone.

But there was her deperate need to pee too, so she wanted to go home. I was kinda bored from the exhibition, so I said yes and we left. On the way home she tried to move fast, but I held her back. It wasn't really far, maybe 10 to 15 minutes. When the house came in sight, she sped up, was nearly running to the building. I let her, cause I got the keys :D

I met her standing at the front door, dancing on the spot with both hands on her crotch. I let her in and we went to the 3rd floor, where our flat is. I took my time to unlock the door and she was like "Please... Faster... I can't hold it any longer..." I looked at her "Don't be so impatient ok?" and poked her belly. She moaned and whimpered in pain, even unzipped her jeans to release some pressure "Is it that bad?" I was still playing with the keys, which drived her crazy "Yes it is. My bladder cramps so bad, I'm sure you can see it through my belly."

Interesting. I didn't think about such a thing, but if she wants me to see this... "Ok, I'll watch your belly." Finally I let her in and took her to the bedroom. I undressed her and bent her arms behind her back "So, you think I can see your bladder cramps through your belly, so let me watch." I took the vivrating toy away from her and watched her with an evil grin. With her arms behind her back she couldn't hold herself but was dancing on the spot like crazy. For a second, I really thought she was right and I'd see her bladder cramps. Then she whimpered and bent over, crossed her legs and mumbled "I won't pee, I won't pee, I won't pee... But I need so bad, please... Let me to the bathroom." She was breathing heavily, shaking and couldn't still still for a second "Hmm... Let's see how bad it is. Tennis ball? Basketball? Or rock?" I walked to her and her eyes went wide "No! If you push my bladder now, I'll pee!"

I smirked "I know" and laid my cold hand on her belly. She immediately started leaking but still fought and managed getting her control back. She was panting and clearly more desperate "Please no..." I watched her "But you want to pee? You want to let it out there?" I placed my other hand on her crotch, rubbing her pee hole and she nodded frantically, but couldn't talk anymore. My hand on her belly increased the pressure and I whispered in her ear about the reading from this one artist about flooding and breaking dams, described her how the flood will rush, when the dam finally broke and pushed her bladder a bit harder.

Her fight was over before it begun, her dam broke and the flood came. She peed very long and I wouldn't let her try to get control back, still pressing on her bladder until she was finally done. She watched me panting and when I untied her, she kissed me ans whispered "This was a hot day. Torture me again."

Oh yes, I will and it will be my pleasure ;)

