Girlfriend just wet herself

Author: liesjeversteven

*000*2019-07-23 14:54

Hi all!!

Something just happened 15 minutes or so ago that got me all flustered and hot.

I was sitting in the couch with my laptop and I hear rapid footsteps, then keys rattling for a while. Then the door busts open and my girlfriend rushes past in the direction of the toilet and i see a bunch of drips, more almost a stream falling from beneath her dress leaving a trail behind her.

I went to talk to her when she was on the toilet and apparently she lost it on the doorstep trying to get in. She had grocery bags with her and it just took too long. Then she couldn't stop it on the way to the loo and kept on losing it the whole way. Her knickers were soaked and her thighs too.

I love it when she has a little (or like this time not so little) accident. She doesn't like it but she knows it turns me on.

Love

Liesje

*005*2019-07-26 08:17

{{5 hours ago, jtlovespee said:

This is awesome! Thank you for sharing. I used to have a girlfriend who was accident prone. It was great.

Did you get to see the wet panties? What did they look like?

Was she embarrassed?

}}

Yes I got to see the panties. They were completely soaked around the gusset and up to her bum.

She was embarrassed, she always is when it happens, but she's seen me in the same situation often enough. I gave her a good hug and we had some sexy time afterwards in the shower.

We're both over 40 and these things seem to happen a bit more often to us lately. I don't mind much

