It happened so fast

Author: bookbuggie87

*000*2016-01-30 03:49

First time posting. I'd love to get some replies.

So I didn't plan on holding it that evening, but I was on this site looking at the message boards and got distracted. Next thing I new I had to pee. I decided that even though it was a day off from holding for me (I do 2x a week normally, otherwise I always feel like I have to pee) I wanted to do so. I was really turned on from all the posts and my sexting buddy wasn't responding to me. Turned out he was sick. So I decided to still do it and film it and show him later. A wet present that he would love (he did, said it was amazing).

Once I decided to hold, I started with my first 8oz glass of water. I gulped it down and then went back to reading fanfiction. I have a favorite Harry Potter fic on fanfiction.net (Summer with Snape by Severus Draconis Potter https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8447966/1/Summer-with-Snape

) a non explicit story but I still love parent!Snape! Then I drank another 8oz glass of water over the next 30 minutes.

Right then I was really starting to feel the pressure on my bladder. I stayed sitting and was super turned on. I had been holding for about 6 hours now, only 1 intentional. I decided that I wanted to hold until I couldn't anymore and really wanted to pee myself uncontrollably. Normally once my guy has gone and gotten off he will allow me to piss myself, but normally I could hold it longer if I pushed myself.

Now I live with roommates and needed to set up something in my room. I'd just washed a bunch of towels, some which I had wet and didn't want them to see me washing more. I decided to do something different. I have a hard plastic trashcan. I took out the trash (long walk that was so hard to do so, once I stood up it got 10x worse). I put in another clear bag and decided to wet above it.

I put on my favorite panties to wet in (They have a huge rip in them so they are perfect for playing in after). Then I drank one last glass of water, it was really hard, my bladder didn't want to take more. I was feeling ok when I squatted above the trashcan, but I started to feel it once I squatted. I was trying to get my phone set up so I could record it for sexting buddy. Then I felt a small burst come out. I gasped and held my breath and that was the totally wrong thing to do.

With that a torrent of pee started coming out of me. I tried to stop it and record, but it happened way to fast. I normally release really slowly, but this was the Niagara falls of peeing. After it ended I took some pics to satisfy my guy. I pulled the panties off and then used my vibe to cum.

It was one of my best releases yet. Clean up was easy. I have a sink in my room so I dumped the pee in that and then threw the trash bag away. Telling the story to my guy was the biggest turn on ever. He wants me to try to recreate it next week hopefully so he can watch.

Comment please!

