Wetting myself in the pool - as the swim instructor

Author: K95F

*000*2022-04-08 03:41

Last summer when COVID looked like it was dying away, I started a part-time job again at a pool near me, being a swimming instructor (more like an adult supervisor haha). I was technically only the 'sidekick' but most of the time he was working with the little kids. These were lower-level "competitive" teams so my job mostly consisted of writing workouts, showing specific techniques and being a lifeguard so that these kids don't drown on themselves. It wasn't that bad. 

When I started the job, my shift covered a 1.5 hour session and a 30 minute break and then 2 one hour sessions afterwards. Bladder-wise this was a nice schedule. I got a half hour break in between the 2 classes. But after a couple of weeks, the class schedules changed. The same time slot that I was avaliable for was now hosting a 1.5 hour session, a 10 minute break, and then a 2 hour session another 10 minute break then a 40 minute session right after. So my shift ended up a half hour longer but I didnt really care at that point. The job paid well for a small pool and it was pretty easy. What I didn't think of was my bladder.

This is how the first day on the new shift went:

First was the same 1.5 hour session team I taught before. I was pretty happy to see a lot of familiar faces and a couple new ones. This one went without much issues. Where I figured wrong was that I could use the bathroom in the 10 minute break like I used to before. While I wasn't really desperate or anything, it was a level where I definitely did want to use the bathroom given the chances. But 10 minutes wasn't nearly enough time. There were no staff bathrooms or anything here, we used the same rooms as the kids which meant the changing/bathroom was packed after a session. It was a small pool but we still had around 30-42 kids on one "competition" session. The kiddy lesson area often had more kids too. The changing rooms were woefully inadequate. Maybe the boys changing room had a bit more space I don't know because our male instructors cleaned it up but the girls room had 8 private changing stalls, 1 private shower-room and 4 toilets.

Between talking to parents and other girls using up the room, it wasn't long until the next session's kids began rolling into the changing room. So now I was on to the next session. This was a slightly lower level session than the previous which meant I had to be in the water for more. Pain. I shrugged off the creeping urges. This being their first day, I had to go review through all the strokes before setting them free around for practice. I sat down on a plastic chair at the end of the pool. 1 workout after, I stood up to go to the whiteboard on the side of the pool to write a new workout which is when it struck me that I had to pee. About half an hour of the class had passed and I was feeling it. I pressed my luck a bit since I didn't see any other options. This and that happened and I had to get in the water a couple more times which was awful - about another hour had passed. 

My resting position had become a bouncing cross leg and I started looking around for the other instructor. He's over at the kiddie pool section teaching kids. Crap. Nobody else is at this pool with lifeguard training and I can't leave these kids without a life guard swimming so if I wanted to go I would need to pull everyone out of the pool. Its one thing to do this at the start of class, its a whole other issue to do this in the middle of class, in front of parents watching through a glass window on the far side. As time ticked on I was trying to hold back waves of desperation. I started farting involuntarily while sitting (it was silent thank god). All the splashing was getting in to my ears and I was beginning to think about what would happen if I had to rescue someone - the answer was pee everywhere in the pool and the thought of it kept creeping up on me.

In the worst stroke of luck I've pulled that entire year probably, a kid asked me to demonstrate something we we're trying to do just as soon as the kiddie pool session was being over, aka when the other instructor was free. I swear to god I was so irrationally mad at that kid after I realized that he was gone when I finished showing them. But anyways, while I was doing the demonstration, the other instructor had dismissed his class and then left through the boys changing room to greet the parents in the main hall. No chance of calling him over now and I'm dripping wet now.

By the time class was over, you could see a bulge through my one piece. It was aching badly. I covered myself up in a towel to wipe myself off, as I opened the changing room door and was greeted by a stream of cold air. I quickly stepped aside the door and held myself under the cover of the towels. I was so close to leaking but I had barely managed it. I honestly surprised myself. Holding it for this long was an odd case for me. I awkwardly greeted the parents as fast as I could without looking rude or uh.. you know.. really really desperate.

But the worst part was that the 10 minutes was gone in a snap again and awaiting me was another 40 minutes of hell. And compared to the last 2 sessions this one was hell because this was a kiddie pool class. If before I got to sit down and stay relatively still and only give instructions between workout sets or demonstrations, I would have to constantly be on the move managing kids, yell at them to please dear god not dip their feet in the deep pool, and be in the water at all times. Even if I didn't want to drink any water, I had to, otherwise my throat would be way too dry to do anything.

My one piece was nothing special, being for work after all but that didn't mean it was tightly pressing on my bladder. The longest I've held my pee in a while and here I was doing this. I won't go into much detail because I was trying my best to stay as professional and helpful as possible but I think the fact that 3 different boys at some point asked if I needed a "potty break" says enough about me during the lesson. Legs bouncing constantly, unable to stand still for even a moment, I'm going to admit I may have leaked a little too... I was restlessly standing by the end of the pool when I suddenly started just peeing. I had to quickly sit on the drains at the ledge (I'm so sorry kids). When this class finished I had held it in for about 4.5 hours.

Honestly, thats one of my longest I've ever held it - and it was in a pool oh my god. I've wet myself numerous times, at various points of my life, within 2 hours or less just to put this into perspective. I lost it in 2.5 hours just yesterday trying to hold it in! I grabbed 2 towels as I went to go meet the parents. One was covered around my body as normal, the other I tucked between my legs and shoved my left hand into it. I leaned against a wall so that the parents couldn't see the towel slowly getting warm and wet. The waves of desperation were hitting me every 20 seconds and leaking every time. I felt pee slowly starting to drip down my legs getting past the little protection the towel could offer. It was running past my hands straight down.

I walked back into the changing room after finishing up with the parents as quick as I could after that. Another cold gust of air hit me but I didn't care, whats the difference of adding +1 to the urge when its already at infinity. I quickly walked over to the bathrooms but it was full and several children had lined up. Some parents were in the room looking after their kid (they were really young after all). I let out a smile but I'm sure it was obviously pained. I leaned next to the wall connecting the bathroom. I adjusted my hold and towel but it wasn't much better. Almost as if my bladder was now a uncloseable gate, no matter how hard I tried, pee just kept dribbling. 

It didn't flow fully, just kept dripping like there was a small hole. Desperation waves were not a thing, it just kept coming. Not wanting to wet myself infront of all my students and parents, I ran out of the changing room, probably leaving a pee trail. When I opened the door to the pool again, I ran into another girl. She stopped working after like a week so I have no idea who she was or exactly what she did, but having lost all other thoughts in my mind jokingly said to her "the bathrooms are all full and I really have to go now maybe I should jump in the pool" to which she semi seriously and semi jokingly replied with "if you want your hair stuck in the drain go for it".

Great. I can't go into a emptying pool thats just a straight safety hazard. Last thing I need is to land the news with the headline of "lifeguard drowns herself trying to pee". So here I am, awkwardly standing because I can't sit anymore, doing a fully pee dance with my legs and hands grabbing my crotch with the towel as pee is leaking out. I had somehow managed to sit down on the plastic chair to reduce some strain at the cost of a pretty loud splash of pee and maybe enough pee and leaked out of me but I regained control. time felt like eternity ticking by but now I was met with a dilemma. I tried standing up but immediately lost control and panicking loudly let my butt hit the chairand stumbled to hold my crotch. This time the girl from before shouted "DONT TELL ME YOU'RE ACTUALLY PEEING", I was so embarrassed but I couldn't reply back.

All my concentration was on not letting it all out in front of her. My face grew really warm as I realized that some people from the parent viewing area mightve seen me or heard the girl. I looked at the clock... 5 minutes had passed... I really wanted to just stand up and run towards the bathrooms but I was scared that I'd be greeted by the kids or their parents as I was peeing down my legs. But then it began happening regardless. Suddenly pee began rolling down my legs at a rate I could not control so I just stood up and ran to the bathroom either way, it was all coming out anyways. Luckily the changing room had cleared itself out.

A couple girls were still in the stalls though. My pee trails were all covered up by the genuine water trails left by the kids but that didn't change the fact that 4.5 hours worth of pee was now coming out of me involuntarily. I kept trying to grab myself but pee leaked around it. I finally ran into the last stall, didn't close the door, open the toilet lid or anything and just let loose. Good news was that despite the mess I was making, it didn't go to the other stalls because the place was designed with numerous drains to capture the water from the pool. The bad news was that the toilet was now ruined and guess who was cleaning that up. Obviously me, I work there haha.

So uh.. that became one really long post, but I haven't posted much for a while now and heres my intro story. Probably one of the longest I've ever held it- and it was in a pool- and in public I'm honestly still kinda proud I held it for this long looking back at it but the aftermath was really bad. Not the cleaning aftermath- my bladder aftermath. I swear to god I couldn't hold in anything for like the next 2 days and I blame this. I might write another story on these 2 days because I don't know whos desperate like 20 times in 2 days.

By the way, I didn't wet myself (at least in the pool) after this day. I ran through my schedule with the other instructor so I could pass the class to him before his class started and after it finished so that I'd get to pee. Also complained later to get the sessions for the next season changed but due to omnicron picking it back up I found a less risky place to work anyways.

*009*2022-05-23 05:23

{{On 4/30/2022 at 12:37 AM, Angusburger said:

Great story and sucks there wer e lines but shouldnt it be easy to hide an accident or leaks in a swimsuit since its wet anyways and couldn't you just pee in the pool during the lessons?

}}

There wasn't really any space for me to just be in the pool so I can't just stand in the pool. It'd have to be for like a demonstration. Thinking about it, I probably could've *tried* to pee while doing so but idk feels kind of weird peeing in a pool fully of youngsters

