Genuine, unplanned desperation leads to wetting in potted plant

Author: astralis

*000*2022-06-25 07:07

So this literally just happened; I'm still shaking from the adrenaline but I had to rush and come tell y'all about the most exciting thing that's happened to me yet:

It's almost two a.m. where I am right now. About an hour and a half ago my apartment neighbors decided to start being loud even though it was after midnight and I haven't gotten any sleep in almost two days so I needed to leave. Thankfully my parents are out of town atm so I just packed my laptop and phone up and decided to head over to their place.

The only problem was that I really needed to pee. I was doing kind of an unplanned hold from earlier in the evening – it's 100 degrees in the shade here even at six p.m. right now so being outside even for a few minutes makes me dehydrated and I had drunk a pretty good bit of water, then gone and gotten a 16 oz. lemonade with my dinner (with crushed ice). On top of all of that one of my usual 8 oz. glasses of sweet iced tea. The urge had been building pretty steadily all evening and night and I was squirmy and right on the verge of uncomfortable but I decided I could hold it until I got to my parents' – it's just a ten minute drive... and it's not like I dislike the feeling of holding, anyway.

So I went downstairs and got in my car and started off. Then I started thinking about how I've been craving ihop for months and I spontaneously turned the car around to head 4 miles in the other direction to get some. But as I said I'm tired, not thinking straight, and by the time I got to the restaurant I didn't want any anymore and didn't think I was even hungry enough; plus I needed to pee, and I definitely couldn't have stood and ordered a whole meal and waited for it to be cooked. So I just kept going, made a loop back around, and ended up going an extra five miles to get to my parents'. The whole time I was driving I had one hand in my crotch, squirming in my seat, feeling that intense borderline painful pressure of my swollen bladder pressed against the seatbelt. I had to stop for gas because my tank was already low and by that point I was bursting; I was really fidgety at the pump and kept shifting around, squeezing my thighs and hoping no one saw me.

I got to the house; got out of the car. A wave of desperation came over me when I moved – that feeling like my bladder dropped – and I felt myself actually leak the tiniest bit. Anyone who is familiar with my stories knows I'm not a leaker so I freaked out; I was at that stage where it was hard to move and definitely to bend over, so I had to carefully edge my way to my laptop and phone so I could get them out of the car. Then I had to go through a whole ordeal of holding them in one hand and crossing my legs almost double as I bent to lift the garage door with the other. I am really glad it was so late at night because I'm sure I was putting on quite the show!

When I got into the garage I felt another wave of that intense pressure come over me and I knew I wasn't going to make it all the way inside. I locked the door behind me as fast as I could and set my stuff down on my mom's car. Then I raced into the backyard – my hands were shaking – and looked around frantically for something to use. I was bent double now that I was sure no one could see me, gripping myself and moaning softly. My bladder was so tight against the waistband of my shorts and I was honestly just on the verge of spreading my legs right there on the concrete when I saw one of my mom's giant potted plants. I hurried over to it, one hand on my waistband, and tugged my shorts and underwear down, stepping out of one leg and holding them off to the side as I crouched, thighs straining, over the pot. I was so tense from the awkward position I was afraid it wouldn't work but after just a few seconds I felt a little sense of release and looked down to see my stream gushing out.

I had to go so bad it was hard to control it but I did try and actually spray harder than I would have normally so that I could flex the muscles and maintain some control. I was panting from relief as my pee hissed and flowed out of me and into the soil. It felt so good to have that pressure relieved; after a while my stream did stop just due to the awkward position but I could still feel so much inside of me so I waited a little while and then it started up again! It felt so good to just squat there pissing in the backyard over the potted plant, holding onto the pot with one hand for support and shaking from relief as my poor bladder finally finished emptying itself. I squeezed a little to make sure everything was out and a few more spurts actually came out and splattered into the dirt. Then I tugged my shorts and underwear back up and finally went inside.

*004*2022-06-25 23:42

{{15 hours ago, Ian Newton said:

Great story

}}

Thank you!

{{11 hours ago, aumonier95 said:

Great story. I am really a fan of your writing skills, every story turns super hot.

}}

Thank you! that really means a lot to hear

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

Wow what an incredible experience and so brilliantly written

From knowing your self control and capacity and how you never leak this is so exciting to have reached this level of desperation that you knew it was not an option to wait even a few minutes longer!!! And the. You chose the sexiest way to solve the problem of finding an unusual place to pee into and test your aim!

Well done!!!

}}

Thank you! yeah you definitely got a lot out of this story knowing my backstory, lol! also so cool you remember our convo about me wanting to test my aim in a weird place; i completely forgot i had told you that!

*007*2022-06-27 08:31

{{On 6/25/2022 at 9:03 PM, Jaieee said:

Maybe sometime you'll be alone and you won't have to pull your panties down

}}

Oh i was alone then, but i’d have to wear panties i wouldn’t mind throwing out since i have no idea how to clean urine out of clothes and it makes me paranoid to think that somehow it would still be obvious even after washing them lol. i do have a pair of panties i’ve been wanting to get rid of for a LONG time now, just haven’t ever had the chance… maybe soon!

{{17 hours ago, h1234 said:

I am guessing when you say you don't leak, it is a spurt ten gush for accidents?

}}

Ok i’m not totally sure what you mean, but yeah i don’t leak and i don’t have accidents. as far as i can remember i’ve never wet myself even as a child. the closest i ever came was when i peed on the bathroom floor as a toddler but i took my clothes off first and nothing close to that has ever happened since. i just physically can’t lose control which is kind of irritating but i still love doing holds until i’m bursting so it is what it is

