Saturday Night Clubs

Author: Krystal

*000*2018-02-01 00:08

Hi all ,Long time since I've visited this site, Glad I remembered the login aha. So why don't you all grab a chair and some water and read through one hell of a night.

It all started in the dusky evening of January , The 12th to be exact, It was cold over here in England which would call for warm clothes, scarfs and gloves, See it was my birthday and I had wanted to go out for a drink with a few friends so I called them (Let me give you a slight description on us all, to make you feel more of the story)

Me; Standing at about 5'4, brown eyes , cute smile and brown hair with blue highlights. Eyeliner on "fleek" rocking a matching pair of underwear (Mint green lace) with a pair of sheer nylon tights , a lovey black dress with netting going down the arm and covering the cleavage, Matched with black heels.

My friend Rebecca; 5'8, Green eyes and black hair, rosy cheeks and a cute button nose. Beautiful to any man... or woman ;). She was rocking silky blue panties and a lacy blue bra, covered in a tight dark blue dress about knee length. Stunning !

Lastly Kathryn; 5'6, Blue eyes and a blonde perm, the hottest figure out of all of us. She was in matching cotton red underwear, Tight light blue skinny jeans as well as a jumper with moons on it. No matter what she wore, she pulled it off.

The night began around 7.00pm getting ready at Kathy's house. Already the pre drinks had begun , me being a lightweight of course was already tipsy and from just one glass of red. Andrew peace Shiraz, beautiful stuff. Kathy was on her second glass and Becca was on her third. By the time we were ready to leave i was starting to feel it all in my bladder , I have had three glasses by this point but wasn't drunk yet, that much... The girls were far ahead of of me I couldn't even keep count. Anyway we headed to the taxi to hit the town,

First stop was The Troll Cart, we sat at a table and order via phone (Its really smart and quite a classy idea) But unknown to me was that Becca had ordered three pitchers (The biggest cocktails they do, its pretty much a jug of a cocktail) and they delivered them to us,

She said "Drink up, we gotta hit the dance floor at pegs before its too busy"

. They started to down there drinks, I was awfully giggly by this point and had failed to drink as quick as them, plus my bladder felt quite full at this point I should have gone at Kathy's while we waited for the taxi, They started doing our chant to make me drink faster and silly me thought yeah lets chug it, that's a great idea. Hint it was a bad idea, a very bad idea.

After a cold five minute walk to Peggottys we headed in , well I stumbled pretty drunk at this point i kept starting a Kathy's behind, it was just so plump and peachy, certainly in those jeans after getting my attention, they said they needed the loo, I cocked an eyebrow and smiles with malicious intent.

"I have an idea, well more of a challenge" I paused for a moment , letting my friends get drawn into the trap I was going to lead them into.

"How about we have ourselves a holding contest?" I asked in question

"Looser pays for the others hangover food in the morning..." I had caught them in the web, I knew that they loved ordering food for the morning, They agreed , they were in.

"So how does this work?" Kathy asked .

"Its simple dear, We hold our bladders as long as we can, the first one to go to the bathroom or even pee themselves is the loser." i serenaded with a seductive tone.

"So do we go pee now than start?" Becca asked, turns out she hadn't been to the bathroom since 5.00pm, this was going to be fun. I bit my bottom lip, clearly thinking in my favor, I knew Kathryn had a small bladder and Rebecca had drunk way more than all of us so I'd say it was a fair contest right now. Even though the girls knew my weaknesses and I knew theirs but I had forgot to mention no sabotaging. Darn how I wish I should of.

We all hit the dance floor , One of my favorite songs was on, Eminem Shake That Ft. Nate Dawg. I loved the song, but the girls would already try their cheating ways they started to dance with me, on me basically trying to turn me on, they knew if i got a little um.. turned on that i would get more to drink to try and calm me down and it was working, i was enjoying it, dancing back on them at this point i could clearly see that Kathryn had to cross her legs every so often and that Becca had reached down to hold herself a couple of times, Me ? I was fine, they were keeping me distracted But it did work after a few songs.

"Want to get a few drinks , My treat girls" I chirped, quite happy from the show I had gotten, I got a few panty flashes and even saw some cleavage from Becca.

We got some more drinks in and headed outside for a smoke, well I did, the others followed me to make sure I didn't sneak to the bathroom, How smart of them, We started talking about water , attempting to make each other need the toilet more but that's where Becca giggled and squealed, Kathryn was tickling her, no more than about ten seconds, I broke it up before the worst happened, Becca catching her breath and clutching herself with both hands (under her dress so it was a good view for me ^_<)

"That's not fair Kathy, I almost peed myself!" She scowled at her.

"Yeah Kathy, Not fair" I said walking behind her dancing a few fingers under her arms, making her toss and laugh on the spot, I stopped after a few seconds to where she was holding herself with both of her legs crossed over. She turned to Becca and than both to me, they grinned evilly as i tossed my ciggy and started backing away but I was already against the wall.

Becca being far taller than me held my arms above my head, I tried resisting but she was stronger, taller and less drunk than me. I gave up, lowering my head to see Kathryn in front of her, with the hem of my dress in her mouth leaving my belly exposed, only the nylon tights covering my undies from public view. She proceeded to tickle my belly, sides, hips and ribs until she heard me stop laughing and it was replaced with a pitter patter on the floor. I looked at them still peeing sighing in relief . The stream lasted around two minutes before dying down, a puddle by my feet and glistening of the tights, Kathy let go of my dress and Becca let me away from the wall.

The two were surprised I took it so well, they expected me to start crying or even be embarrassed, to be honest i was blushing slightly but I simply took another ciggy from my packet, lit it up and stayed silent, Keeping eye contact with both of them.

"Looks like foods on me, But for now..." I took a drag "Its your two's turn" I blew smoke to the side and stood closer to the door.

"By the way..." Taking another drag "Last one to pee CAN use the bathroom". I'll tell you what, to this day I have never seen to girls attempt to tickle each other so fast, If i had to put it as an example, I would say lightning striking twice in the same place. Hearing laughter with pauses and gasps, I smiled as I knew neither of them would make it, if one got the other to pee, The peer would seek revenge, I leaned against the wall, smiling to myself.

To cut this long story short, Kathryn one the battle , she was on the floor as Becca sat on top of her , tickling her but Kathy had longer nails , so it was more effective, Becca did pee herself, on Kathryn so Kathryn thought to herself if there's already pee on me , no damage done. and proceeded to wet herself.

And that my friends is how three girls out clubbing managed to pee themselves within the space of 15 minutes.

Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.

*001*2018-02-01 15:39

Aha thanks I did , I might tell the story after I’d enough people enjoy this one ^_^

Krystal xxx

*007*2018-02-03 16:13

Fear not my lovelies, There is a part two, Currently working on it, going to debate posting it, depends on if people actually like it or not aha ^^|

*010*2018-02-03 20:51

{{2 minutes ago, realmadrid said:

Absolutely proceed with part 2! With one request, could you elaborate more on your relationship to your friends. Are you just friends, or is it something more?

}}

You'll find out my dear, For only the next chapter will tell :P xxx

*011*2018-02-03 23:03

So since the clubbing caught your attention, and you lovely dears that have commented wanting to know what had happened later on during the night, I shall tell you.

WARNING : SEXUAL CONTENT AHEAD, READ AT YOUR OWN RISK

Aha just kidding, I've gotten somewhat far on it but not finished , I am glad i got your attention so here's a little taste (The proper one is being posted tomorrow at some point but for now going to bed on a full bladder :P)

Since we were in a pyjamma's and still very drunk we decided to play some truth or dare, but Kathryn insisted it was sexual truth or dares only, if you did not follow these rules, you would have to drink more and wait longer to use the bathroom. My go was first

"Truth or Dare?" Becca asked me.

"Dare" I grinned , not knowing what I was getting into.

"Hmm , Kay" She pondered a a moment and grinned with the devil in her eye "Take off you top, Y'know, Let the girls out to play" I could have sworn we winked at me twice, Unless it was just my double vision.

*012*2018-02-05 00:02

Okay so Part two (Wasn't expecting to take this long but forgot to save it when I went to sleep last night, Sorry) WARNING; SEXUAL CONTENT

So we called a taxi from Pegs, all soaked from the waist below, Heading back to Kathy's we were all ready to spend the night there anyway, we had our pyjamma's there as well as clothes and makeup for the morning, So anyway we got in the taxi and arrived at Kathy's around twenty minuets later. She fumbled around with her keys for what seemed like hours but we eventually got in her house, It was warm and we took it in turns to get showers and changed, Me being wet for the longest went first. Followed by Becca and Kathy (Gosh she was a good host) After we had all showered and changed, the night was still young, well I say that it was more like 1am but none of us had work the next day so we could be awake all we liked.

We got into the front room, Becca and Kathy on the sofa and me on the carpeted floor. I really like sitting on the floor I can't explain why, enough with being sidetracked, sorry.

"So girls" Becca said pouring each of us a glass of wine. "Who's up for a game ?" She insisted. Since we were in a pyjamma's and still very drunk we decided to play some truth or dare, but Kathryn insisted it was sexual truth or dares only, if you did not follow these rules, you would have to drink more and wait longer to use the bathroom. My go was first

"Truth or Dare?" Becca asked me.

"Dare" I grinned , not knowing what I was getting into.

"Hmm , Kay" She pondered a a moment and grinned with the devil in her eye "Take off you top, Y'know, Let the girls out to play" I could have sworn she winked at me twice, Unless it was just my double vision. But none the less, I took my top off, slowly to give them a little show, My girls bounced with joy when they were released from their cloth prison. pointing towards the TV as the somewhat cold air hit them.

"Ooh looks like somebody's exited" Becca chirped, she pretty much had completely lost her lower jaw to the floor.

"I so am not" I said blushing slightly covering my breasts

"She so is, Or at least I know how to make her" Kathryn said, getting off the couch and planting me a ten second solid kiss. slightly using her tongue, leaving a little trail of saliva as she broke it off. I was as red as a tomato at this point and well kinda turned on, See my relationship with the girls is that they are both bisexual while I'm full on gay. So of course anything any of us done we'd all have a good time.

"Thats not how you kiss, this is" Becca nudged Kathy out the way with her rump, Kissing me lasting a good thirty seconds, no breathing just tongue, as she let go of her breathless kiss, She pulled my bottom lip slowly, raising to her feet as I was piratically passed out on the floor, you could pretty much see my nosebleed and hearts in my eyes.

I coughed , clearing my throat and sipping my glass of wine, "Er..Um..." Lost for words, all I could do was stutter and blush like mad.

"B-Becca Truth or dare..." I licked my lips slightly , hoping she picked dare.

"Dare, And make it a good one." She said placing her bum back on the sofa

"R-Right...I dare you to strip to your undies, or at least close enough" I said, eyeing her up and down biting my bottom lip.

"Easy enough" And with that she started to strip off of pyjamma's , Now i thought she would be like me and at least wear panties under her pajama bottoms but I was wrong and in for a treat, She was completely naked but she didn't care, she took off her top slowly and seductively , giving us a little show, After the top came off, she slowly done the bottoms, making sure to tease us as much as she could , what I didn't notice is that she had already finished her glass of wine and was sitting on her heel.

"Kathy darling, truth or dare" She said, But Kathy was still in a world of seduction, caught in the bliss of watching Becca strip. I clicked my fingers in front of her, That snapped her out of it and she said dare without thinking.

"Alright, you gotta dry hump Krystal with your Pj bottoms off". she smiled evilly at me.

"Easy" She replied and without hesitation she took of her bottoms (Luckily she was still wearing panties otherwise i would have had to go to hospital because of blood loss, They were cute, there were all white with pineapples all over them and a cute little bow at the front) She quite easily pushed me over and started to dry hump me, I noticed something, a familiar feeling, as she was on my bladder and I had completely forgot my need to go, until of course I had this beautiful blonde permed girl grinding on top of me, quite hard.

"K-Kathy wait, I gotta pee.." I blurted out, sort of whining like a child, double crossing my legs, well I was until Becca had decided to strip me of my bottoms and hold my legs apart. (I had changed to my favorite low cut violet panties)

"Look, she's already wet, you must be doing something right Kathy" Becca said, feeling the wet patch which made me gasp and almost made me spurt a little.

"See if this changes anything". Kathy said, taking off her top reviling her breasts and moaning to herself touching them, caressing them. Which indeed it made me wetter but I was determined not to wet myself again.

"Isn't it t-time for the next dare...right?" I said. Bad mistake on my part, Kathy's turn to dare me, since i pretty much asked for one, Kathy still sat on top of me, while I was wriggling underneath her, legs being held open.

"Your right, I dare you to hold your pee until you wet yourself like a little girl" She said grinning stupidly at me. clearly drunk as she is never like this when she's sober.

"Okay, I'll try. Becca truth or dare?" I asked, hoping Kathy would get off me soon, this extra pressure wasn't helping.

"Dare" She said, enjoying the view from her position

"I dare you to let me go pee" Boy did I choose my words wrong.

"Sure , Just let me go turn on a tap or something, you make yourself comfortable." She got up and went and turn on a tap to a drip drop state. I bit my bottom lip as I had a chance to hold myself while she was up, Kathy wouldn't let me, She held my arms above my head

"Nu-uh, No holding dear, thats cheating" She said as she got close to my ear and starting to talk about waterfalls and water in general. I couldn't help it, I spurted a little from the taunting but was able to stop it, that was until Becca returned holding a glass of water, she went back to my lower half and started to dip her fingers in the water and dripped it on my legs, getting closer to my panties

"Look she already pee'd a little" She giggled and pulled on the waistband of my panties dripping some water above my abdomen causing me to spurt again.

"Please let me go pee, I don't wanna ruin your carpet" I begged

Kathy leaned to ear once again "My carpets plenty wet hun" She bit my ear lobe and got off me. that when Becca started to touch with her wet fingers, the wet patch again.... Thats it I lost it, I had emptied my bladder on her poor hand, she wasn't mad, if anything, thats what she wanted,

"Looks like she wet herself, Should we punish her, I mean its on your carpet. She said, winking to Kathryn.

"Yeah we should, Take her through to the bedroom". She said "And don't forget these" She passed something to Becca that I didn't see as I walked through to the bedroom.

"Panties off, Lie down!" Becca said , I did as I was told. Kathryn had a king size bed so it could easily fit all three of us on there. Now I was already very turned on and there wasn't much keeping me back from achieving maximum pleasure (An orgasm) and thats exactly what happened when Kathryn returned. They had both a set of handcuffs each (Kathryn is a kinky woman) And they took turns kissing me and playing with down below, after five minuets I had came, It was good but I was so exhausted from being teased a majority of the night that after I had an orgasm I had passed out, I woke up the next morning naked with the other two naked asleep beside me, Handcuffs where nowhere to be seen and I had no idea how the rest of the night went. They refuse to tell me and still do today.

Hope you all enjoyed it

Krystal xxx

