Today, think I went too far

Author: JetStreamPhoto

*000*2018-06-30 23:42

I think I probably went too far the last half of this week and today was a culmination.

I've been doing relatively long holds at work all the past 3 days, waiting until nearly bursting each time before using the bathroom. I'm definitely not going to walk around the office with wet pants/shorts, so I always leave myself just enough time to rush to the toilet and not embarrass myself.

It is now the weekend, and I decided to drink ... a LOT. When I woke up, I did pee, but only let out about half my overnight capacity. Then, I started with 2 very tall cups of coffee (20 ozs. each). From that point forward, I simply had a drink/refreshment by my side for many hours. First a few glasses of water spread out well over an hour. Already by the time I finished the 1st glass of water, I was feeling the effects of the coffee plus not having drained my overnight reserve entirely. Before long, I was pinching and holding on in full desperation and letting spurts into my white undies (photo posted in live-action forum). When I finally gave in to the point of near spasms, I went outside, dropped my shorts, stood in a mostly hidden part of the yard/garden and finished the wetting of those white undies.

Then, basically for the next 4 solid hours, I alternated some water with some flavored sparkling water, plus a couple beers. In all reality I doubt that 30 minutes would pass without me re-arriving right back at 9 on a 10-scale. I simply just drank so much that it was crazy how rapidly it flushed thru me. I sat outside quite a number of times on the lawn chair and just waited until my holding muscles decided they could no longer do the job.

In total, I think I wet in my swim trunks 5 times going about 75-80% to emptying before holding back a little at the end so I could quickly rebuild yet again. In between, I also went to the toilet at least twice due to having no privacy at home a few times when kids around.

And, then, the reason I think I went too far. I had not really scaled back the fluid intake very much and was just perusing this web site (and others) and let the desperation rise yet again. A kid was around so I couldn't stick my hand in my pants to hold back the coming flood. I sat there thinking I could wait things out at least a few more minutes. Nah-uh. Wasn't to be. I began to feel a medium size spurt escaping. While not acting idiotic, I rose from my chair and as each foot touched the floor only 5-6 meters walking to the bathroom, the spurts just kept coming and no amount of trying to hold back was working whatsoever.

Reaching the bathroom, the undies kept the liquid so my shorts didn't start to show yet, but I closed the bathroom door and started frantically grabbing at the button of my shorts. Alas, my fingers were not working as my body was shaking so much trying to get those shorts down. And, then, I just realized, there wasn't a chance in hell that I could get the shorts off without soaking them anyway - so I very quickly stepped into the shower as the pee just streamed through my underwear and shorts and down my legs. I couldn't believe that I had 100% reached the end of my holding power and could not stop it one bit. I was just standing in awe that I was left with zero choice and just draining my bladder entirely in my shorts.

It's strange because I otherwise would have smiled at this predicament, but this truly scared me. Having a complete lack of control while my own will power was singing a different tune really rocked my belief in my bladder control ability.

So for the last hour and a half, I have not taken in any fluids and I have peed multiple times and hoping that much of the liquid is through my system. Because for the next 4 hours, I am serving beers at an event and the bathroom line at this facility is always very long. So, now I'm crazy scared I may have a repeat no-control accident. I'll update tomorrow what happen(ed).

#musclefatigueweekend

*003*2018-07-01 20:54

{{17 hours ago, Dunney said:

The same thing happens to me when I overdo the fluid intake. It takes me more than an hour and a half to get back to normal though. Good luck with your beer-serving.

}}

Thanks! And to @thereaverofdarkness as well. As a precaution that I've never done before, I put on two pair of underwear before going to the event last evening. Big relief that I took just long enough respite from drinking fluids that I was not insanely desperate all night long such as occurred during the day hours. I definitely went straight to the toilet as soon as I had even the slightest bit of feeling like I needed to pee - just to be 100% safe. The event was terrific fun and I served beers until 10PM then went out with friends to another pub and danced until 1:15AM.

All seems to be headed back towards normal today and, while lounging out in the sunshine today, I just relieved myself as soon as the feeling hit in order to recover fully from all the holdings I was doing for a couple days in a row. It was nice just to get that great feeling of HOT wetness in my crotch while wetting in a lying position.

*005*2018-07-02 14:57

Yup, exactly. And, in the future, I might be a bit more careful so I don't have such a close call around others. It was exhilarating at the same time because I enjoyed the peeing in undies and down my legs.

