A wet night out

Author: RedFox12345678

*000*2017-06-13 18:43

When I went home after a night of drinking beer, I already needed to go when I left the pub. In the cold night, my need only increased and I had to wait almost 45 minutes before the night bus showed up. I had to go really bad when I entered the bus.

The 20 minute ride was an absolute torture. I was afraid I would not make it and had to squeeze my hand into my crotch to prevent leaking. Although I was afraid, the feeling of holding my pee aroused me. Somehow, I made it and when I got off the bus, I still had to walk 10 minutes trough the neighbourhood.

Some spurts came out when I stepped out, but nothing major: only a few drops into my underwear. My jeans were still very dry and very clean. I was both relieved and dissapointed at the same time, about having still dry jeans.

I walked slowly trough the streets to my house. The need to relieve myself increased, but I knew I could probably make it home dry. There was just one tiny problem.

I was feeling lazy.

As I said, I became excited about the idea of wetting my pants. I walked very slow and did not want to hold it anymore. So I just seated myself in the grass beside the street, took a very deep breath.

And then I let go.

I deliberately relieved myself into my jeans, which became quickly very wet and warm. Because I sat in the grass, my crotch and bum were soaked, feeling very hot in the cold night. I let out the breath I was holding and enjoyed the wet, warm feeling of sweet relief.

I sat for a couple of minutes, dazed, before I stood up and checked the damage. The backseat and crotch of my jeans was soaked, but the legs were dry. I still had to walk to my home for a couple of minutes, and when I walked, my jeans cooled down pretty fast. I felt I still had to go, and my jeans were already wet, so I just released the contents of my bladder one more time. Because I was standing this time, the pee runned down my legs, soaking all the fabric. I pushed one more time. Now my jeans were absolutely saturated; crotch and legs dripping, steaming in the chilly night.

When I came home, I needed to go once again. I looked into the mirror to check the damage and thought: what the heck, my pants are already soaked...

So I deliberately wet myself for the third time that night, enjoying once more the feeling and the sight of the warm wetness in my jeans.

It was a night I will never forget.

*003*2017-06-18 15:13

{{1 hour ago, steamlover6 said:

I loved the reference to 'feeling lazy' in other words just can't be bothered any more to maintain the huge pressure in holding your bursting pee; it felt just easy to let it all go into your pants and jeans rather than stress your poor aching muscles any more. I loved that!

I always love it when a girl says she is just 'too lazy' to go to the toilet, and just decides to pee wherever she is at the time. That is also my very special experience on (liquid) picnics which I love to go on with my g/f in the summer months.

}}

It was exactly that - I did not want to hold it anymore, plus the naughty feeling of just peeing my pants appealed to me. It was a lovely feeling when my jeans became wet and warm.

I'm sure I could have gotten home with dry jeans; I sat down with the intention of deliberately relieving my bladder into my jeans while I could see the flat I lived in at that time. Not to mention the fact I could have removed my jeans when I sat down to pee.

It was the first of many wettings. It is not uncommon for me to just wet myself after a night out.

Your picnics sounds interesting - is your girlfriend also into omo ?

