Wetting scrub pants

Author: roxykkling

*000*2015-08-23 20:00

I would write an accident I experienced this weekend, it was Friday, I was at work. I work at the hospital cleaning patient rooms and such. hoping to take LPN courses once my life calms down(did I mention we closed on our house and moved in last week? Also remember we have a one year old.) so I dont LOVE my job, but it pays the bills and I do love the girls I work with.

So anyway. last week I covered a new area bec the regular girl moved to third shift to do training. It was hella busy. and I got so far behind with doing my regular rooms, and then people were being discharged or transferring to new rooms or facilities. And I just couldn't keep up. I had only been to the bathroom once in the morning around 830.id had two cups of coffee since then too, having been up late unpacking boxes my butt was dragging. it was now 1, I had to pee. And the desperation was getting worse little by little. my supervisor was helping me, she doing the discharges and I doing the regular rooms, so I didn't wanna sneak away yet to go. And I only had about five rooms left. I kept looking at my watch to make sure I was gonna get off on time at 230.

I walked into a pt room to mop and the pt started talking to be commenting on how much she loved my orchid purple hair. And for at least 25 minutes I couldn't get her to stop talking. All the while shifting back and forth on my feet. she was there for bowel issues, I overheard the conversation with the nurse when I was in around 630 to clean the other side for the clean bed(bed a). She was quite upset then, so I generously gave her my time to talk. Who likes being in the hospital? and the desperation was starting to turn me on. I finally got away after talking about her kids, showing her a photo my little man and promising prayers for her recovery. And went on to my last four rooms.

I finished cleaning the last pt bathroom, taking a moment to push my hand against myself, and left the room, my supervisor told me she had me all caught up I just needed to mop the rooms that discharged which was three. The first two I didn't so moving. If I stopped moving I would have to grab my self tokeep control. The last room I danced thru, stopping every few minutes to cross my legs tight. I want quite a 10/10 yet but it was rising there quickly.

I put all my stuff away around 215 and before I walked out of the storage room my bladder gave a little nudge warning me to head to the bathroom soon and telling me I was a fool for pushing thru my work too much to stop and pee. my supervisor paged me then asking me to stop and see her before she left. So I headed that way so I could catch her bec she walked out. after getting to her office I sat down and put one leg over the other so I could squeeze my legs together nonchalantly and shake my foot. She asked me if I'd cover the same area this week as training was still going on... Blah blah blah.. I didn't wanna agree but was too worried about my bladder to argue my case.

After she left I went to our locker room next door to get my purse, dig for my car keys, ect swinging myhips the whole time and pushing a finger against my hole a few times. while I moved stuff around my purse making sure I had everything I made an impulsive decision to wait till I got home. I only live two blocks away and was confident I could make it. I took the stairs not wanting to chance the elevator deciding to be slow. On my way down the first the flight(I was on the second floor) my bladder pushed again and I lost a little tinkle.

I knew then I made a mistake but I didn't turn around, the every so slight dampness of my panties turned me on. So I squeezed my legs together tight for a few seconds and kept going. Mid way thru the last set steps my bladder pushed again and slightly bigger tinkle came out. I shoved my hand between my legs and stood for another thirty seconds listening closely for the doors above and below me so I didn't get caught this way. I checked my bright coral scrub pants and they showed no wetness. I went down the last half, paused at he time clock and went out he door.

Half way across the parking lot I felt two more trickles very close. The shift change was in full swing so I didn't dare stop to press my legs together or grab myself. I just hurried faster to the car. In my haste to leave the parking lot I took the wrong exit, realizing I was gonna sir at three traffic lights, I knew I wasn't gonna make it home. but I wasn't gonna give up. I was so turned on but the wetness I now felt at my a my felt, I knew my scrubs just had to be wet now that was sitting. at the first traffic light i trickled again, lasting a good 5 seconds before I shoved my hand between my legs and regained control. I looked down and dared open my legs slightly to see the crotch of my pants had a golf ball size dark coral wet spot. This turned me on even more causing a shiver and I trickled again for another 10seconds before the light turned green. I regained control and turned left.

I made it thru the second light only having to wait a minute before it changed. The last stop light I just had to turn right and be home. this particular light has a no turn on red sign tho. I waited for what seemed like forever. an almost constant trickle escaping passed the pressure of my hand. The light turn green and I tried my hardest to regain control and not spin my tires in my hast. I pulled into our drive way to see the other car was gone, my grandfather must been at the store and my husband already at work. I went the side door, which is right outside our master room.

As soon as I turned the key in the lock, so close, the flood gates opened and completely lost control. it started as a fast trickle and quickly turned into a forceful stream. My scrub pants, being snug from the knee up, were soaking thru and after it reached my knees it just ran down my bare legs, under the pants and into my socks. I had luckily kicked my shoes off down on the patio and I stood on the stairs just outside the door, completely soaking myself. I finally just let my body relax and a more forceful torrent pushed its self out so quickly I felt it pooling in the crotch of my pants, I squeezed my legs together forcing it to stream out the back of my pants. I felt the wet ness on my butt and saw what a puddle I had made on the stairs. I rolled my pants up and pulled off my socks. Once in side the door I stripped everything off and tossed it into the laundry room and got a shower.

