At the Mailbox

Author: outdoorsy

*000*2020-12-30 19:01

This morning, I had time alone during the day where I was able to wet myself. I'm still reeling from it so I thought I would share.

I'd been waiting for the opportunity for what felt like forever, as I don't get a ton of opportunities to indulge myself in that way these days. One could say I was out of practice, even. I have had past experiences that I would consider super bold by my standards today.

My all-time most daring past wetting involved getting intensely desperate while grocery shopping and trying to hold back the flood for as long as I could. I ended up wetting myself uncontrollably in khaki chinos while talking to cute checkout girl, who definitely noticed as I walked away (I stole a glance back and she was blushing and staring). It was so crowded on a weekend, and I ended up walking in full view to my car. This happened years ago and looking back on it now, I was really more fearless back then!

It all started when I was on a public walk with my wife last weekend. I mentioned that I had to pee, and she looked me dead in the eye and said "wet yourself." I think this was because I am always prompting her to wet whenever she mentions a need to go. She knows of my proclivities but I don't think that she understands how much the humiliation aspect can get me off. It's not really something that we've done together yet, most of that has been focused on her being the one desperate and peeing herself. She took me by surprise, telling me to wet myself right then and there, and for a second I actually considered it, thinking she was serious. This caused my heart to flutter at the prospect. I didn't end up wetting myself but I did tell her how much her saying that turned me on.

Okay, so back to the present day. I had been avoiding the bathroom all morning and drinking plenty of coffee and water and had already built up a good need to go. I was bouncing around as subtly as I could while on a teleconference with my doctor. By the end of the appointment I was really bursting to go and was still trying to decide how I wanted to piss myself. The televisit ended about 20 or so minutes before I thought it would, and although today was a day spent working from home, I had blocked off an entire hour for the doctor's visit. My wife was out of the house so I made my way outside. When I stood up, I really got the urge to pee. I had put on a new pair of cotton pajamas bottoms that had not even been washed yet for the occasion, and I was getting so excited to see how they felt when soaked.

I decided on walking outside to the mailbox and seeing if I would lose control. I didn't have to go quite badly for that to happen, so I ended up letting a little out on the walk toward the mailbox. My grey PJ bottoms immediately turned dark wherever they were damp, to my delight. I reached the mailbox and let the rest of my bladder go while standing there next to a moderately busy road. I don't think it was that visible from the back, but the rush was incredible. I think at least 5 or 6 cars went by while I was peeing for what felt like forever.

The mailbox was empty, so I acted like I was disappointed with no mail, then turned to go back inside. I had planned on hanging out in my wet bottoms for a while before throwing them in the wash and getting back to work. Maybe I would even leave them on and do some work calls... that would be naughty! My PJ's were completely soaked in the front with a classic wetness pattern that I love to see. The cold air meant that steam was pouring off the pants everywhere it was wet. I was so turned on an happy that I was able to do this for myself as I felt like I really needed it!

I was immersed in my inner fantasies and thoughts when I was jolted out of the reverie by the approaching mail truck. I was right next to the mailbox when the mail was about to be delivered! In seconds I had to decide if I was going to stay near the mailbox and recieve the mail that I so clearly wanted to pick up, by hand, exposed completely, or if I would walk back from the mailbox in the 10 seconds or so that I had.

I'm not as bold as I once was, and not wanting to be connected to my address by my mail carrier, I chickened out and dashed back to the house. I'm sure the mail carrier didn't see anything (confirmed when I took the PJ's off) but it was so exhilarating. My heart pounded as I reached the front door and the mail carrier, eyebrow raised, popped the letters into the mailbox.

I had about 5 minutes remaining before work so I walked around the house a bit in my wet things before stripping them and putting on a different pair of pants. I was so absolutely soaked and it reminded me of a bunch of other close calls and other times that I had been spotted or noticed in public. I'm trying to accept the omo/DL part of myself more fully this year so I thought I would post my thoughts to this website. Having these interests has always been a part of me, for as long as I can remember, and it makes me happy to know that there's a sizeable community of people like me in that regard.

Thanks for reading and I love you all!

