Morning Misconduct [With Pictures!]

Author: Ashi

*000*2019-04-23 12:59

I had quite an eventful morning, and I figured I would share it here with you guys too!

I had been working on art late last night and with the warm weather we've had in the UK this weekend, I was drinking lots of cold drinks with ice. Towards the end of my evening I must have had about four bottles of water/juice and with tiredness setting in, I headed straight to bed. I'd usually go for a pee before bed, but I was far too tired to even consider going.

Stirring from my slumber I felt the familiar panging of my bladder telling me it needed me to get up to relieve myself. Figuring it could wait a few minutes I rolled over to grab my phone and check up on a few things... after checking emails I popped into my Discord server that has a quiet little channel for Omorashi chat/discussion. I responded to some nice feedback I got on some art I'd been working on, and the lovely @Max Capacity seemingly knows me very well... and knew I'd woken up desperate. After some flirtatious chatting for about twenty minutes, I had become so needy for the bathroom that I was curling my toes and clenching my thighs together in bed.

Max had told me the toilet was off-limits, for drinking so much last night and having assumed that I could freely use the bathroom in the morning. Deciding to play along, and with a slowly growing audience within the server, I questioned what other options I had, if the bathroom were off limits. Max had previously suggested I wear my infamous grey leggings (the ones I wore in the video I posted on here a while back!) so I decided to go hunt them down in the depths of my wardrobe.

This was the first mistake. As I rolled over and stood up I felt the heavy waves of an impending watery fate crash against the insides of my bladder. I was absolutely full to the brim and could feel everything. It took me a few seconds to gain my composure, knowing I was limited on time I rushed over and slung open my wardrobe doors, searching for the grey leggings I knew they would be on a shelf near the bottom. Squatting down was my second mistake. Another wave of urgency hit me, but this time it was much more dire as I felt the twinging of my desperate body holding in what it possibly could. I rushed to get the leggings on as I then checked the server chat, stood in the bathroom as I could feel my demise starting to leak out of me.

At this stage, a few others had joined in, and requested I do some poses in said leggings, with proof of course. I was requested to take photos standing, legs apart, legs bent and crossed. At this stage I couldn't hold back the sighing and slight panting and just about managed to lean forward and take a picture, legs squeezed shut to prevent the leaking that I felt was starting to dribble out of me. Grasping my top I tried to distract myself from the spurting sensations coming from between my legs.

Once I felt myself reach far beyond my limit I chose to disobey the orders I'd been given for the poses and jump into the shower. Audibly moaning at this point I grabbed my phone and tried to take some shots as I finally let loose the torrent of piss that had been stretching my bladder beyond it's limits! It's been quite a while since I'd done a hold of sorts, so the sensation of finally unleashing the seemingly endless stream was almost as good as the feeling of the piss running down my legs, warming them as they created an almost steaming pool around my feet. When I had finished I meekly went to let my awaiting audience know the results of my predicament, before throwing off my baggy shirt and enjoying a few moments in a post-piss afterglow, before turning the shower on to wash away the sizeable puddle of evidence I'd left at the bottom of my en-suite's shower.

~

$$

*003*2019-04-24 15:39

{{20 hours ago, Toady567 said:

Very nice! I like the grey leggings!

}}

Waah, thank you! >3< They're my favourite to wet as you can always see everything! ~

