Making the best of a snowy day

Author: Snowpants

*000*2019-12-03 22:38

Had a great day. Filled up on liquids all morning then headed out to clear the snow. Of course wearing my snowbibs.

I finished my neighbors yard first. I was bursting by the time I was done but held on. She invited me in for a cup of coffee and I had to say yes. I let a little out before I went inside so I could try to hold on without being obvious. I was only able to sit for 15 minutes before I was bursting again. I thanked her and excused myself and rushed back outside. I have to admit I was dribbling all the way.

When I got to the end of her driveway a bunch of neighbors were talking so I had to join in. Once again I ended up bursting soon after joining them. I tried to be cool and not give up the fact I needed to piss. I stood there talking with them slowly leaking into my snowbibs. I was too scared to look down to see if I was leaking on the outside. We split up after about 15 minutes so I went back to my house and finish my work.

Because of all my leaking I quickly drank two large glasses of water. I was able to finish my yard with minimal leaking. At this point I was hungry so I decided to walk to the local sandwich shop for lunch. As I approached the shop my bladder started bursting again. As I stood there ordering I kept leaking into my snowbibs. I got scared because I could not stop. I kept leaking while I waited and as I walked home.

I could not take it much longer so when I got to my house I just let go while standing in my driveway. What a great warm feeling on such a cold day.

