Desperate College-age Girl on a Plane, Me in the Same Situation

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-07-30 20:49

When I was returning from Reno one night, my first flight took place during very bad weather, there was a lot of turbulence, and we had to remain seated a lot. Across the aisle from me was a girl in her late-teens or early 20s, and her parents, or possibly grandparents, they were pretty old. Just after she'd told them she was going to go use the restroom, the fasten seatbelts light came on. I had actually been thinking about doing the same, I hadn't been yet, and I always drink a lot of water when I fly. We were sitting in the front row in coach, two bathrooms all the way at the back, and there were lights that showed us whether or not the bathrooms, all the way at the back of the plane, were occupied. Often, they were, it was a big plane, and a full flight. So, both me and the girl had to remain seated (beside me was a Canadian couple on their honeymoon, who ignored me and everyone else) and cross and uncross our legs, and stare at the lights.

She was showing her desperation more than I was, squirming and crying to her parents she was going to wet herself, they were sympathetic, but told her she just had to hold it, and just when her mother suggested calling a flight attendant, the fasten seatbelts light went off. The girl bolted out of her seat, only to return when other people beat her to the bathrooms. She couldn't sit still, she crossed and uncrossed her legs, sat on a foot, and rocked back and forth and never took her eyes off the bathroom lights. I was in pretty bad shape myself. I took off my seatbelt, and adjusted the waistband of my jeans. It did little to help. I began to go between hoping the girl wet herself, and hoping she didn't, because if she did, there was a pretty good chance I'd be unable to stop myself from doing the same.

One of the lights turned green again, and the girl dashed for the bathroom, apparently successful in getting there before someone else. Now I was the one watching the red lights, and squeezing my crossed legs together as I began to sweat and bite my lips. The girl's parents looked at me with sympathy, which I thought was kind of sweet. I knew I couldn't waste time, so I got up and headed towards the back before either of the lights turned green, because I had to be next. The girl came from one of the bathrooms, and smiled at me. I was unable to return the smile at that time, I just pushed my way into the bathroom, already undoing my jeans. I pissed myself just a little before I could get them down, but since the lights were out, and it was night, I knew no one would notice. I did return the girl's smile when I collapsed back into my seat, feeling a million times better.

*002*2016-07-31 02:19

{{3 minutes ago, docsteve said:

So hot! Wish I could have been there to watch both of you struggling to hold on. I haven't gotten desperate on a plane like that but did once have a serious situation after getting off a flight while waiting for the shuttle back to my car. Ended up having to pee in the parking lot because I couldn't hold it.

}}

Would have been awesome to know that someone was enjoying our plight! Your story was hot, too. I was desperate on a shuttle twice in the same morning. I had driven all night to get to a huge airport to pick up my guy at the time, and had no idea where to park, and wasn't in the mood to screw around, because I really needed to pee, I'd drunk probably close to three liters of Diet Mountain Dew to stay awake. So, I just parked near a shuttle stop, and got out to wait for it. Thank goodness no one saw me, I felt like a total ass, like a girl in a badly-staged video. When the shuttle pulled up, it was empty. "No bags?" the driver asked. "No, I'm just picking up my boyfriend. And, I really need to pee." I knew I wouldn't be able to sit still on the bus, so I might as well let him in on why.

I sat down on the seat closest to the door, and he tried to distract me with small talk as I bounced up and down, and when we arrived at baggage claim, he told me where to find the nearest ladies' room. I thanked him, and dashed inside. I didn't make it to the bathroom completely dry, but I was wearing layers, so I took my hoodie off and tied it around my waist and went to find a seat. I'd arrived very early, his flight wasn't due for two hours. I was determined not to fall asleep and miss welcoming him, but it was hard, I'd forgotten to bring a book with me. So, I got up a lot. And, I bought another bottle of caffeinated soda.

After it was gone, I made trips to the drinking fountain. But, it was useless. I was tired. I sat down in a chair near the escalators, and dozed off and on. About half an hour before his flight was due, a group of drivers speaking in foreign tongues gathered nearby me, and I was lulled into a deeper sleep. Awoke in time to see my guy coming down the stairs, looking weary from his night of travel. We hugged and kissed and reunited, and as I got my bearings again, I realized two things; I needed to pee again, and he was in a bad mood. He wanted to go get his luggage right away, and leave, so we did. The shuttle we took had a different driver, and the shuttle was packed with people. I told my guy I needed to pee, but because he was tired and grumpy, he just told me I should have gone at the airport.

*007*2016-08-01 00:39

{{6 hours ago, docsteve said:

Let me tell you the whole story.

So how did your shuttle story end? Did you make it home?

}}

That was awesome, thank you :)

Here's the continuation of mine... He brought a lot of crap with him, so I had to help carry some of it from the shuttle to the car. After loading it in, I told him I wanted to pee my pants right beside the car, and he said "No, just hold it until we get to the hotel." My, he really was in a piss up a rope mood, no pun intended. Our hotel room was very near to the airport, and there were restrooms right in the lobby, which he grumpily told me I'd better use, because he didn't want to get wet yet, he wanted to go out to breakfast. I was quite disappointed, I wanted to get wet and fuck like bunnies first. So, I used the restroom like a good girl. Not a very good story, but we did eventually have fun on that vacation once he recovered from his jet lag, and got over having to buy a toothbrush and a "substandard" tongue scraper.

*009*2016-08-01 19:49

{{7 hours ago, moiamigo said:

I bet he regretted being so grumpy... I've had moments like that, especially after a long trip

}}

Ah, no, not him...I don't know how he is nowadays, but when I knew him, the world revolved around him and his feelings. He was for the most part, very good to me, otherwise, even if it was difficult for him to put someone else before himself, he loved me enough to do so most of the time.

The only time I've ever been truly exhausted after a trip was when I drove from Altanta, GA, to Milwaukee, WI, overnight without stopping except for gas and caffeine. REALLY missed my kids, I'd been gone nearly 3 weeks.

