A public accident that did NOT go according to plan

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2021-06-28 04:37

I went for a walk tonight to get some dinner downtown and decided I'd have a public wetting 'accident' on my walk home. It's about a 30 minute walk from the restaurant and there is a park near my house with plenty of secluded areas for me to have my accident. My plan: drink water on the way to the restaurant, drink a ton of water during dinner, be super desperate by the time I got to the park on the way home. Have an accident. Change pants and walk the last 10 minutes home.

I like listening to HpynoMommy's training audios on having an accident in public. It's more about encouragement than a 'how to' guide, and she makes the whole process pretty fun from the preparation to the aftermath of the accident.

Everything was going according to plan and I was power walking/potty dancing the last few blocks to the park. I was at a 9/10 by this point. It wasn't quite dark yet when I arrived so I figured I'd sit on a bench and wait for the last few people to leave the park while I listened to the audios.

Suddenly my stomach had other plans and I felt really strong cramps after ZERO sign of needing to poop. I had no intention of messing my shorts there in the park. I had no way to clean up and I wore boxers, which are the WORST for containing any mess. I would have worn boxer briefs or a diaper if I had known where this was going.

I knew I didn't have very much time until everything was going to come out. I would be wet and messy in the next 5 minutes so I decided to start walking for home and try to make it to the toilet. The toilets in the park were already locked since it was almost sundown.

I was panicking by this point. I planned to have an 'accident' but now I was going to have a huge accident whether I wanted to or not. I only made it about a block before my bowels gave way and it just started coming out. I quickly stepped off the sidewalk and into some gravel and just stopped trying to hold it. I wasn't ready to wet myself yet. I wanted to put my sandals on and not soak my good walking shoes. My runny mess built up inside my boxers and I thought it might be solid enough to stay while I walked home. No such luck...

The relief was incredible but seeing it run down my legs was not incredible! I had nothing to clean up with! And now I was spurting pee every few steps. The last thing I wanted was for my pee to wash even more of this down my legs. I walked to some grass and I juts sat down as my bladder gave out and I sat there soaking my shorts in hot pee. It felt AMAZING after holding so long. As soon as I was done I had to figure out how to get home without being obvious to anyone who sees me. My neighbors are usually outside walking in the evenings, just like I do. I couldn't risk being seen with brown streaks running down my legs.

I took off my shoes and used my socks to wipe my legs. It work better than expected. I threw those away. There was no point in saving them. Then I pulled my clean shorts over my wet and messy shorts. I know I couldn't just change with no way to clean myself up.

The 10 minute walk home seemed to take forever. My shorts were cold now, and sticky, and itchy. And halfway home, my bladder had filled up again and I was on the verge of soaking my dry shorts. I wouldn't have cared if it wasn't for the other accident I didn't want running down my legs. I made it home, kicked off my shoes, and went right for the bathroom. I stepped in the shower and juts let everything go again. I peed for so long! If you saw how much I peed you wouldn't not have guessed I had just had a complete wetting accident 15 minutes before that. Turns out, my bowels weren't quite done either. In my total relaxation, I filled the back of my shorts again.

Then I just turned on the shower and cleaned up. I threw everything in the washing machine and sat down to type this story. I feel like I should sleep diapered tonight after everything that happened.

I'm going to head back tomorrow and have another accident, on my terms.

*003*2021-06-30 00:34

{{On 6/28/2021 at 1:25 PM, Jonnaywets said:

I know it didn’t go to plan but you had to have liked it!! I personally love those kind of situations where a real accident occurs. They are terrifying while you experience them but a huge turn on when you think back on them. At least for me anyways! I had a huge messing accident at the food store and I was wearing navy blue chinos and you could see a wet and brown stain right in the back of my pants, totally giving away the fact that I messed my pants. I retreated to the bathroom and while I was in the stall I remember thinking, There is absolutely no way out of here without completely exposing my accident to everyone. My heart had that embarrassed sinking feeling. But after I made it out I was super turned on by it.

}}

It was definitely more enjoyable once I got back home. I'm just thankful it happened a few minutes from my house. The wetting accidents are a lot more fun both in the moment and afterward. The threat of a messy accident keeps me on my toes! haha

