Birthday Fun

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2019-11-15 05:00

So about a week ago, I'd asked everyone for suggestions on what I should do on my birthday. Everyone had great ideas, and I appreciate all the birthday wishes from everyone too. Let's hope 24 is better than 23, lol.

I tried to go outside the box a little on this. I'm pretty shy when it comes to public stuff, and none of my friends know I'm into this. However, I dared myself a little. I don't think anyone noticed anything, but it was actually really fun and felt pretty naughty. I'm one that likes a big finale, and I like desperation.

So I'd decided that I'd actually start during the morning. I had to work today. So, everytime someone at work wished me a happy birthday, I took a drink of water, tea, Gatorade...whatever I had in front of me. I tried pacing myself a little, because there were a lot of people to wish happy birthday. Including friends and family that texted that I obviously don't work with.

About half way through the work day I'd say close to 35 people had wished my a happy birthday already, and everyone decided to sing to me at our morning meeting too..lol, it was about 11am, and I started feeling a little like I needed to go, about a 2 or 3 out of 10. Not a big deal, so I kept going. About an hour before I left work, I'd say overall, close to 50ish people wished me a happy birthday. At this point I'm getting close to a 4 or 5 out of 10. It's starting to get a little uncomfortable, but I don't have to do anything extra to hold myself yet.

About 3pm, I got off work, went home to change and get ready to go to dinner with my friends. By the time I sit for two hours in traffic, I'm really feeling like I need to go. The entire second half of my drive home, I had my hand between my legs. I'm not really squirming or anything yet, but by the time I finally get home, it's a struggle to get up to my apartment. My legs are crossed in the elevator to try and control myself. I'd gotten to my apartment, and I decided to wear black jeans because I knew where the night was headed. I also had on a new top I'd bought a few days before. It's a long looser fitting sweater that has a low neckline, and dips in the back too.

At this point I'm getting a little nervous that I won't have dry pants at all. I could have easily wet myself right there. I was probably an 7 out of 10, but I decided to keep going. Around 6pm, my friends pick me up, and we go to an Italian restaurant. We all order glasses of wine, and because of it being my birthday, I got my first glass for free. After that I got a second one. We casually drank our wine, and ate our dinners. Catching up on everything that's new in our lives. The entire conversation, I'm half paying attention though, because at this point I'm getting desperate. I'm still trying to stay casual. I can't help but giggle my legs. It was getting so hard to hold back.

I don't know if this happens to anyone else, but being desperate turns me on. My clit gets really sensitive. So, during my conversation with my friends, I'm getting extremely desperate and turned on at the same time. To add to it, I could feel my face getting flushed from the wine hitting me.

I had to pee so badly. I'd say I was nearing a 9 out of 10. That is when I decided to try and let a little bit go. I had my hand between me legs to help cut myself off. I let go for half a second. It was so difficult to do that, and not completely let go. My panties got wet, which turned me on even more. So I let a little more go. It felt good to let a little go, but it was also agonizing because I just wanted to fully release. My courage was building and I decided to let go one more time, and this time for a little bit longer.

I could feel my jeans starting to get wet on my hand. It was so amazing. Maybe just a little bit more...well a little bit more turned into kind of a lot more. I think I peed for about 3 or 4 seconds before I was able to get myself under control again. I was in slight panic, because my jeans are soaked at the crotch, and I can't tell if my friends are noticing or not. I'm so wrapped up in my own little world at this point. I try snapping myself out of it to focus again. It's close to 7:30, and I'm almost feeling more desperate than I had before I let so much go. My friends and I decide that it's time to pay our checks and head for home (my friends covered mine.) My sweater was long enough it covered the crotch mostly, so my plan was to use my purse to conceal the front completely.

Except, I was to the point that if I stood up, I was afraid I'd start peeing. On top of already having wet pants. I let my friends go ahead as I awkwardly get out of my chair trying everything to hold on. We start getting close to her car, and I start to lose it. Is start dribbling. I try to casually cross my legs as I wait for her to unlock her car, but it wasn't helping. I kept peeing. Finally letting a huge spurt go. I hurry up and get in the car to put my hand between my legs again to make it stop. I "volunteered" to sit in the back. I just need to survive a 10 minute car ride to get home. It seemed to take forever. Every bump and turn was hard to ignore. My bladder was still so full. I still had to pee so bad. We got to my place, and my friend pulls over to let me out. As gracefully as I could, I exited the car. But so do my friends. They both give me a hug, and wish me another happy birthday.

When I go to hug my second friend, I start dribbling again. I'm peeing myself as i'm hugging my friend. I try to casually pull away, and say my goodbyes. I walked as fast as I could inside. I turn the corner to get out of sight, crossed my legs and put my hands between them to stop myself. My pants were so wet. Lines were running to my knees. I knew I wasn't going to survive the elevator ride, but I had no choice. I so awkwardly get into the elevator, and pushed the 12 button. I get to the top, try to exit the elevator, and that's when I completely lost it. It started as a few spurts, and then turned into a full stream. Running down my legs, on to the floor, and filling up my shoes. I ran to my apartment. I didn't even try to fumble with my keys to hurry inside. I kept peeing myself. It was so hot and it felt so good. I let myself keep peeing as I unlocked the door and went inside. I peed for a few more seconds, after I got inside. It felt amazing.

Cheers to 24. Hope you enjoy.

*006*2019-11-15 13:00

{{3 hours ago, Jekkil said:

Wow!! That was much better than expected!! And I don't care you didn't pick my suggestion.

The outcome of this adventure was far better than what I could ever imagine!

@nerdy princess - would you mind giving us a very quick description of yourself? Just to allow us to picture you in this intriguing situation!!

Anyway...happy birthday and well done

}}

Thank you. I appreciate that.

So, a quick description..I'm about 5'4". I have brown hair, blue eyes, glasses, curvy figure. Small waist, bigger hips and thighs.

I'm glad you liked my story. It was a lot of fun.

{{5 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Amazing! Do you think you looked embarrassed at any point?

}}

I think when I first lost control sitting at dinner, I probably had a look of shock or something. I think I was able to contain it, lol.

{{54 minutes ago, wetskipants said:

The story was worth the wait. What a birthday! Thanks for sharing. Wish this online community was around when I was your age.

}}

I'm glad you liked it!

*009*2019-11-15 15:06

{{8 hours ago, Bulge_Lover said:

Excellent story. I'd never be able to be that active while I'm desperate.

For future reference, this stuff goes in the Wetting Experiences page. I'm sure a mod will move it but just keep that in mind.

}}

I posted it here because it's in sequel to a previous post. Thanks.

{{1 hour ago, wetskipants said:

Liked it? Loved it! I take it you got back to an empty home. No one saw your wet jeans on arrival?

}}

Only my cats saw lol. Living alone is nice in that way.

{{1 hour ago, BlueWetter said:

What an amazing way to celebrate! I sure enjoyed reading all that you did

Hope you have a great year ahead of you!

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you liked it.

*013*2019-11-15 20:25

{{2 hours ago, GoldenG8 said:

Happy birthday @nerdy princess

— and what a steamy hot story!

When you released that first little bit at the dinner table, did you have to push a little, or concentrate on relaxing to let it out? Did you wait for the conversation to shift away from you so your friends wouldn’t be looking at you when you let go? I’ve heard it’s not possible to pee in the middle of a sentence without pausing. Is that true? Do you have any facial “tells” with which someone who knows you would’ve been able to see from your face that you were intentionally peeing your pants under the table at that moment?

Oh, and what about your friend’s car? How much got on the seat?

}}

Wow, there are so many questions here. Everything at the dinner table was intentional, except for that bit where I couldn't make it stop right away. I didn't have to push it out, but I did have to concentrate so I wouldn't fully lose it. I tried to keep my facial expressions as casual as possible. I can't remember what parts of the conversations we were in, when I did this. The car had leather seats..lol I couldn't tell you how much got on it. I felt a little bad about that.

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Sounds like you had fun with it.

}}

It was a good day.

{{2 minutes ago, Coinín Beag said:

Happy birthday!

And that's an amazing story. I trust you had fun after you'd finished emptying yourself?

}}

Maybe

*016*2019-11-15 23:26

{{12 minutes ago, wettingman said:

Wow ! That was an awesome and arousing story. I know you enjoyed your birthday, and thanks to you so did others including myself.

I absolutely love long periods of desperation, with the pressure gradually increasing. I thought you were about to wet yourself when you got home from work, but you were just getting started.

With all you drank I am pleasantly surprised you could hold it as long as you did. The fact that you peed in your pants at dinner without detection is amazing.Then to top it off you are actively wetting your pants, more than they already were wet while you are hugging your friend goodby. All of this leading up to the grand finale you emptied your bladder as you opened the door.

I am glad you enjoyed this including sexually, so I don't feel embarrassed saying while reading this there is a big bulge in my jeans right now.

}}

I'm really glad you enjoyed it that much. Turns me on knowing I turned you on...lol. it was a fun day. Scary, but fun.

*020*2019-11-24 23:04

{{On 11/23/2019 at 8:19 AM, Holdit4me said:

Wow, that is super hot! And you were very daring. It sounds like a great birthday...

}}

It was a lot of fun.

{{3 hours ago, Makaveli96 said:

That was great! It’s my birthday today so I’m thinking of starting some desperation while I finish the last 5 hours of my shift! Cheers to a fun time!

}}

You'll have to let me know what happens!

