Accidents of my own

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-02-25 20:25

Here are a few accidents of my own I've had since I was little:

When I was around 11 or 12 years old I remember being out shopping with my family for groceries in the big town nearby since we lived in the country. I had to pee and mom sent me to find the bathroom by myself since I was old enough. But I was shy and didn't want to ask and couldn't find the bathroom myself so after a while I just went back to my family. I held it while we finished shopping and then on the way home was in the car with my dad. It was dark and I was wearing very dark blue jeans and brief underwear. My need to pee kept getting strong and stronger, so desperate that my teeth were numb and my eyes were watering.

I remember I was sitting on my knees in the car seat with my feet under my butt. Suddenly the desperation was too much and my bladder exploded and pee began flying out of me, soaking my briefs and speading hot and wet all over my jeans. I felt like I peed for at least a minute. My did didn't seem to notice over the sound of the radio and road noise, but I could feel and hear the hissing as it sprayed into my clothing. I sat that way the rest of the way home and tried to hide any evidence when we go inside where there was light, but I think the jeans were so dark the wetness didn't show, even though they were soaked. I changed into my pajamas and hit the soaked jeans and briefs in my closet to dry, I think.

Around the same age I was out riding my bike one day during the summer. I needed to pee but didn't want to go inside. I held my bike with one hand and squeezed my penis with the other. Eventually I began leaking pee into my shorts. Soon a wet spot began to appear on the front but I kept biking anyway, still holding myself. Another squirt would escape every few moments, slowly making the wet spot expand. Soon I was at the point of no return and stopped my bike on the trail in the woods behind my house, hopped off so I was standing with my legs on either side, let go of my penis and released the full amount of my bladder into my briefs and shorts, pee pouring down my legs and dripping onto the center bar of the bike. I kept riding around until they were dry and the wet spot was no longer visible before going home.

WARNING: this next one involves poop, too.

I remember another time I was out riding my bike over the summmer and I was around 12 or 13 and was really into it, not wanting to go home. I had to pee and poop but held it and kept biking. Soon I had to grab my penis to keep from peeing. Then the urge to poop was getting so strong that my anus was opening and the poop was pushing out but I pushed myself harder against the bike seat and the poop couldn't come out, though it was definitely touching my briefs. I had to stop pedaling for a second to regain control and I fought to pull the poop back inside. While doing so a squirt of pee escaped my fingers and dampened my briefs, but didn't show on my jean shorts. I got the poop back inside and started riding again. There were a lot of trails in the woods (we lived in the country) and not a lot of houses, so there weren't many people nearby. I kept riding and soon felt another squirt of pee escape and felt some dribble down my leg. 

I grabbed myself again but not before another squirt came out and made a wet spot on the front of my shorts. The urge to poop hit me really strong again and I felt it start to come out again. I stopped the bike and started to unzip my shorts, more pee escaping as I did, and was going to squat in the bushes but before I could get off of the bike my bowels pushed and suddenly I couldn't stop it and stood there straddling my bike as the long, firm poop pushed out into my briefs, expanding into a pile under my butt and finished peeing on the ground, my penis now safely outside of my shorts. I finished peeing (on the ground) and pooping (in my briefs) and pulled my shorts and briefs down, dumped the softball sized poo under a bush, used the briefs to wipe my butt - not too dirty thankfully - and tossed them into the trees, then pulled up my shorts and rode a little longer with just shorts on until the baseball sized wet spot on the front had dried and I could go home.

One last accident: In high school and I was 18 years old. I was out playing golf by myself one day during the summer, wearing dark shorts and briefs, drinking water because of the heat. I had made it to a point on the course with no bathroom but one was coming up in another couple of holes and there wasn't a spot to hide behind a tree and pee so I held it. Then I was on the green to putt and went to squat down to check the line of the putt and out came a large spurt of pee into my shorts. I stood up and grabbed myself and stopped the flow. I held the rest of it until the bathroom no problem. Funny part - to me - was that I had my penis pointing down between my legs so the wet spot on my shorts - the size of an egg - was exactly where it would be on a girl if she wet herself a little.

