Had to pee so bad during exam

Author: Ally98

*000*2017-11-29 12:26

It's been a while since I posted up here, but last week I was simply caught up in the most desperate situation I've ever been in for ages.

I'm applying for some overseas events in my uni, and apparently I need to prove my English ability with an ielts test (total rip off). For those of you who don't know, it's an English aptitude test with 4 parts, listening, reading, writing and speaking. Last week I had to sit an exam for listening, reading and writing all in a row, and it was here that I found myself in the truly most desperate situation I've had in years.

Before I had my exam I had lunch where I chugged down a huge glass of juice. Little did I know that would be my biggest mistake ever. The exam was done in a huge ballroom in a hotel. We registered and settled down, and I even peed before the exam started just in case. But apparently the juice was still working it's way down my body, so I didn't really pee much then.

The exam began with the listening section. All the while the staff (or the 'invigilators' a fancy word which they used) kept telling us that we would not be allowed to the bathroom during the listening section. After about 30 minutes of laying out the rules and giving out papers and registering the last entrees, I was starting to feel a slight urge to pee. But it wasn't much, and so I crossed my legs and was actually quite confident my bladder wouldn't be too much of a problem in the 3 hour exam.

The listening part took ages, after which the urge to pee was already bothering me. I was shaking my legs so badly my chair started to rock, and my thighs were numb after an hour of being twisted into a knot. We were quite widely spaced over where we were sitting (to prevent cheating I guess), so I could hold myself freely without people seeing. I slipped my hand under my skirt and gave my pee hole a tight pinch, and the relief was immediate. I knew we were allowed to go to the bathroom after the listening part, so I was resolved to go if i felt like I really couldn't hold it.

The reading exam began. The passages we had to read were simple, but I was so distracted by my urge to pee it took me 40 minutes to finish the paper. After I was done I was left with 20 minutes to raise my hands for permission to the toilet. I was really desperate and I really really wanted to pee, but apart from 2 guys who went at the start of the reading paper no one else left their seats to go. I wanted to go so bad, but I was too shy to raise my hand all of a sudden and let everyone know I needed to pee. I really can't help it, but I always feel so shy about asking for permission to the toilet. The remainder of my reading paper was a quiet mental war between whether I should go or not. I was holding myself so hard my skirt was all crumpled, but in the end I failed and the writing paper came next.

The writing paper was an hour long, and I convinced myself that once I was done with the writing, I would raise my hands for permission no matter what. I worked as fast as I could, but my urge to pee was distracting me so much, and it took me 50 minutes to finish the paper. There was several times when I lost control and a little spurt of pee gushed out, but somehow I found the will power to force myself to hold my pee back in. My panties were damp and cold, and I could feel myself on the urge of crying. Just when I thought I was done I realized, in my desperation, there was a part in the writing question I didn't address. I worked furiously to change my answer, and only just managed to make it in time. Miraculously, though I've let several spurts of pee out by accident, I still retained control over my bladder, though I was already on the brink of bursting.

The collection of papers took forever, and I blushed so badly when the guy who took my paper saw me holding myself and gave me a really weird look (gosh I was so stupid). When we could finally leave everyone rushed to the door, and as I was sitting on the far side of the room I had to wait forever till I could leave. While I was desperately trying to find my way out, this girl tapped my back and asked me whether I needed to pee. Turns out she sat behind me and I was making too much of a display about my desperation for her not to notice. I almost cried when I told her my bladder was so full I was about to pee myself.

We got separated after that random encounter. As you might've guessed, the line to the girls bathroom was insanely long after the exam. There were loads of people around and I couldn't hold myself, and I could feel my pee was about to gush out any second.

Then an idea came to my mind. I took the stairs and ran to the first floor. Sure enough, I saw an open door to a room and someone was doing cleaning. I knocked and I begged for permission to use the toilet. The lady doing the cleaning didn't seem willing and she said she wasn't allowed. I was about to plead further when I felt pee running through my fingers and down my legs. I didn't wait for her permission and rushed to the bathroom. Amazing I couldn't find the loo (turns out it was behind the open door -.-) and so I rushed to the shower, ripped my panties off, knelt down and peed into the drain. The lady doing the cleaning walked in and just stared as I peed and peed into the drain.

And that's how it ended. In the end I apologised to the cleaning lady and she was pretty mad that some random girl barged in and started peeing. But I couldn't help it I was too desperate to control myself. My skirt was relatively dry thankfully. I just hope my test results turn out well otherwise it would feel like all that desperation had been for nothing -.-

