Cocktails

Author: desperatenicki

*000*2016-12-28 23:58

Today I went out with my friend Natasha for cocktails. I haven't seen her for several months.. and I havent seen her desperate since I visited her over the summer.

So she invited me to her house a few days after christmas. I came over and sat down on her couch.Her parents think I like her even though I'm gay. Christians.

So we met at her house at 4pm and talked with her parents for an hour and walked to the bus at around 5pm. We went to a restaurant and ate burgers and drank 2 cocktails each. We stayed until about 7pm, paid and walked to another bar. I expected her to go to the bathroom before we left, but she didn't. There we had 2 cocktails each and a shot.. I couldn't help measuring the volume intake We'd each had.. about 1.5L. I thought for sure it must have some effect on her bladder by now.

We walked to the bus stop and she kept fidgeting around, stepping back and forth. I asked her what's wrong but she said she was cold. I watched her fidget until the bus arrived. In the bus she couldn't stand still so I asked her if she was still cold. She said no.

Finally when we were walking home about half an hour later I suggested we stop at the liquor store. Natasha agreed and we got a bottle of wine and some rum so I could make cocktails. We got home around 9:30pm, at least 5.5 hours since she'd last relieved herself. I suggested we go to my house, since my mother wasn't home. She agreed and we sat down on the couch. I put on some music and we ate the truffles she'd given me fore xmas.

Then I went to the kitchen and made mojitos. She was fidgeting like mad on the couch so I knew she was desperate. I took my time, watching her closely. She was bouncing up and down but didn't go to the bathroom. I pressed the 500ml cocktail into her hand as I sat down next to her. we talked for another hour and she was getting really ansty..so much so that she was spilling the bottle of beer that I'd given her. I didn't have to pee yet so I made up a story about my bathroom being renovated and that it was unusable. I noticed her frown and squirm vigorously.

At 11pm she suggested we go for a walk. I agreed and we went outside, walked down to the river, about a 15 minute walk, and back (another 15 minutes). As we walked back I suggested we stop and look at the stars. I pointed at Jupiter. She tried to stand still but couldn't. I asked her why she was squirming so much. She finally admitted that she really had to use the bathroom. I told her we could walk home the fastest way possible. When we were about 5 minutes from her house she said she didn't know how much longer she could hold it.

When we reached my door I pretended I couldn't find my key. She was stepping from foot to foot by now and cursing at me. Finally I let her in and she wanted to go the bathroom but I told her she couldn't because we were doing renovations. I told her she could pee in the garden if she really had to go. She told me she didn't have to go that bad, but asked me to go for a smoke in the garden. As we were smoking she could not stand still and I saw a wet patch on her crotch. I asked her if she peed herself but she said no she could hold it. A few minutes later tho, she suddenly said she had to go home. When I asked her why she said she had to go to bed but I knew it was because she had to piss.

I said ok I'll walk you home and helped her get her stuff...but she couldnt find her phone..during which time she pissed her pants some more. I could now see a wet patch the size of a grapefruit on the front of her pants. As I walked her home it grew, and when i dropped her off on her doorstep and she was searching in her bag for her keys, it was almost down to her knees. As she went into her house she said "omg i have to pee so bad" and did a nice little pee pee dance. I don't know if she made it or not but she had a wet patch and streaks down to her knees on her light jeans.

