Tokyo girl

Author: JulesH

*000*2016-11-22 06:59

A few months ago I made a post asking for advice on meeting someone who is into wetting for the first time. I met her online and we live a bit far from each other, but I had a business trip to Tokyo anyway and decided to meet her for dinner. Unfortunately that evening was uneventful, we both didn't have much time and despite easily getting into some sexual topic by the middle of the dinner, we didn't approach it in any personal way. After that I left under the impression that she was not interested and we didn't talk again for a while. Then a week ago I decided to go again to Tokyo, this time during a weekend and with more free time, so I contacted her 2 days before and she said she thought I was the one who was not interested in meeting again. So, we set a date for Saturday 4pm.

For who didn't see the previous post, she is 36yo, more on the thin side, long dark haid, kind of short, very easygoing and nice to talk with. She said she is into new sexual experiences and that she enjoys the idea of wetting, specially because of the shame and for being a daring situation. Still she confessed she wouldn't do it herself since it was too risky (so I guessed she was more into a role playing thing).

Warning: there are description of sexual acts in the end of this story.

I met her at Yoyogi Park, which was a stupid idea, since it was busy specially on a sunny autumn weekend. I was feeling tired of walking and suggested we could go have a coffee. She said there was a nice coffee shop near her place, which was 1 hour away by train from Yoyogi, but since I haven't been to that area before I said ok, something new for me to see. We took the train and despite being crowded too for a saturday evening, she started saying things in the line of:

"Do you like how I dressed today? I choose this clothes because I thought you would like" - She was with "tight" jeans (in Japan tight jeans are kind of loose), knee high black boots, a black no sleeves top and a white long sleeve shirt under it. She told me she more often wear skirts, but since I told her I like girls in jeans she decided to change today.

"Did you think the pictures I sent you were sexy or just normal?" - They were regular pictures, by the way, nothing sexual

"It's ok, nobody will understand" - She said when I seemed embarrassed about the topics in the crowded train. We were talking in English, and her English is even better than mine.

We arrived, the strange topics came to and end, we sat down, had a coffee and just talked about our lifes and our past.

It was already 8:30pm when we decided to leave, and before leaving I excused myself to the toilet since coffee always makes me want to pee. I have a small bladder and that was the second time I went to the toilet since we met that day (first was at the park). She smiled and said what I already know "again? you have a small bladder", I don't think she meant to tease me or anything, but I was surprised she haven't used the toilet any time. The cafe and her place were nearby Yokohama port and she said she wanted to go for a walk there. It is a nice place and away from the main areas it is quite private and dark, very romantic too. We soon resumed talking about sexual stuff and soon she started asking me about my fetish. It was the first time we talked about it face to face, not online. I was feeling really awkward and tried to explain her what turns me on and what doesn't.

She seemed like she was having fun making me feel shy. Suddenly, after maybe 15 or 20 minutes into the topic (and one hour of walk) she asked very directly "I really want to pee, so you wouldn't mind if I did it right now?". The question was just rhetorical, she had already started peeing and as soon as I finished confirming "I would find it sexy" she went from a dribble to a full gush streaming down her jeans into her boots. Seemed like teasing me was making her more excited than the peeing itself.

As soon as she finished I took the opportunity to kiss her. From there we decided to go to a love hotel (she didn't suggest her apartment at any time... no idea why). At the hotel we enjoyed a more "traditional" activity. At some point she asked me if she could try to "squirt" (really just pee, she said before she can't squirt for real and that she didn't think it was possible to pee during sex), I could see she actually looked somehow uncomfortable and I asked "do you need to pee?" she said that sex makes her want to pee but she thought I might enjoy it.

It was great to see her trying to pee while I was on top of her, specially because of the involuntary (voluntary?) movements she was doing ehr... inside... but she couldn't do it. So she moved to the top and with me barely penetrating her she could do it in unevenly spaced jets. It wasn't all but still enough to get the bed a bit wet and to spill a bit around. She still had much more to go but she refused to do it on the bed, so she just asked me to follow her to the toilet where she put again her still wet panties and let it go through it, she looked very excited by doing that and later told me she did it sometimes at her house. That was the last wet part, but we still had some more good times before the morning farewell. We talked more often in the first few days after that, but never mentioned anything related to what we did. We are both not interested in a relationship but I do hope to repeat those experiences with her another time.

###

Extra info for the curious:

I questioned her still in the park about when she said she wouldn't do it in public herself, she seemed surprised and said as if it was a very obvious thing that since it was dark and nobody was around it was not "in public". Also she had an extra shirt which she tied around her waist as soon as we finished kissing.

It was very visible that she wet her pants even with the shirt around her waist covering her wet ass, despite that she didn't seem to mind it at all and nobody stared or even noticed. Still she said it was the first time she did it.

I didn't wet my pants at any time, I actually tried at the hotel and shamefully I couldn't. She didn't seem interested in it anyway and that didn't spoil our night.

She washed her pants at the hotel and hung it over the air vents, it was almost completely dry in the next morning.

*003*2016-11-24 12:35

I made pee-fetish accounts on Tinder and Happn under a fake name and without face pictures of myself (of course I made sure to come clean as soon as someone showed some interest). Despite getting many matches, most of them thought it was some joke or just didn't understand what it was about. Only 3 girls were genuinely interested in Omorashi and they all live far from me, because of that I have only met the one I told about in this topic.

