Smorky's First-Hand Accounts Of Desperation And Wetting

Author: Smorky

*000*2010-11-22 04:54

Story number one:

I had just turned 6-years-old, and was attending my afternoon Kindergarten class. I was wearing one of my favorite outfits, a T-Shirt that my parents got for me in New York with some big, bold, colorful lettering and a horse, a pair of blue, elastic pants, and some girly, flowery sandals. It was Johny Appleseed Day, 1997, and I really, really, liked to learn. You have probably never seen a more motivated Kindergartner than little Smorky, and just as I took everything seriously, I took learning seriously.

The video about Johny Appleseed was put on the TV, and I was very intent on paying attention. However, as time went on, my little bladder was telling me I needed to go to the bathroom, a task that was far less important that school. I sat in my seat, squirming a little, trying to focus on the movie. I grew more and more desperate, to the point I was rocking my chair up off its legs. I started grinding against the chair to make the urge lessen, which only made me need to go more.

I finally got to a point where I realized I was in the point of no return. I was determined to watch the video, but could not concentrate with that level of bladder tension. I finally decided to wet a little. I let a small jet of pee out, and became surprised as it soaked my panties. It hadn't soaked my pants, but I needed to go still, and as my bladder was trained to do at that age, it told me to continue going in my pants. I let loose and let the pee soak my pants and my chair. I was looking down at the damage I was doing to my pants, watching what little wetness I could see from the top view of my legs. The girl next to me must have looked, because the next thing I heard was, "Uh oh!". The girl then raised her hand so she could announce in front of the whole class that I had just had an accident.

I was told to go to the nurse's office, and let me tell you, that was the most humiliating walk I've ever done. My sandals squeaked as I walked, and not even halfway there a girl in an older grade walked down the hall, and I asked her, "Could you please go another direction?" The girl asked me why, and I don't remember giving her a direct answer, but rather just standing there unsure what to do. I eventually walked down the hall to the nurse's office, changed into some pants, and went back to the classroom, at which point I saw my teacher cleaning my chair. She looked at me and told me to go back and change into a different shirt, because I had got my shirt wet too.

I walked out of school that day wearing a basketball jersey, basketball shorts, a "letter H" hat and my wet panties. A day or two later, my older cousin (she was about 2 years younger than my mom) flew into town, and my mom took me with her to pick her up from the airport. My mom stood right there in front of me, in a public airport, telling her about my accident. That was probably the most emotionally scarring part of it all, is that there was an utter lack of regard for my feelings about the whole thing. It was just another embarrassing gossip item that could be shared in front of me as if I weren't in the room, in a public place, with a complete stranger.

I hope you all enjoyed this story. Please feel free to comment.

*003*2010-11-22 22:59

Thanks guys. :] I think I made it about half way through the video, before I started giving in. The lights were on, but I was in my chair and most of the wetting got my butt, so I really didn't see much of the damage... changing out of the clothes was a blur, but what I walked out of there wearing stuck in my mind for some reason, probably because my mom commented on what I was wearing (at the time I thought it was amazing she could tell I was wearing different clothes from what I walked in to school wearing ( >w< ) ).

I would love to enter the writing competition. I will look into it for sure, I am still mastering the art of writing omorashi stories. Slater, your stories about your sister were amazing, by the way.

And antifairy, let's just say I could prove you wrong nowadays.



