Double desperation after a long business meeting (male and female desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2022-05-27 15:45

This is a true account of an experience I had recently, only the names have been changed. A couple of weeks ago I attended a ‘team get together’ with my work colleagues, held at a large conference venue. Rather than drive and face the morning rush hour traffic, I decided to take the train. I arrived at the venue at around 9am and enjoyed chatting with colleagues, some who I hadn’t seen since before the pandemic, and others I was meeting for the first time. One of those I met for the first time was a new joiner to my team, a petite and attractive Chinese lady in her mid 20s who I’ll call Xueying for the sake of anonymity. She seemed quite shy at first, but was very friendly and polite as we chatted, and I learned that she was a recent university graduate and had recently moved to the UK as part of her graduate training scheme with the company.

The meeting was scheduled to last all morning, with various team-building activities and updates from the managers who had travelled from the German headquarters to be there. There was free tea, coffee, juice and water on offer and I helped myself to several drinks, and I noticed that Xueying did the same.

My bladder began to fill gradually over the morning and by around 11am I was starting to need to pee fairly badly, hoping that a short comfort break would be offered, but none came. Instead, we were moving around from table to table in small groups, introducing ourselves to the various visiting managers and asking them questions. This activity lasted until around midday, by which time I was bursting to go. We had 5 minutes in which to put together a short presentation in our groups to explain to everyone something interesting we had discussed with each manager, although I noticed that a few colleagues took the opportunity to dash out of the room to find a toilet. One rather frantic, red-faced woman practically sprinted out of the room at this point, almost running into someone in the doorway in her haste to get to a loo!

Unfortunately for me, I didn’t get chance for a loo break, as I was working with a colleague on the presentation. I noticed that Xueying, who was sitting at the next table, didn’t leave the room either. She was sitting with her legs crossed, bouncing her foot, and I had seen her glance towards the door a couple of times. Like me, she was probably needing to pee rather badly by now, but probably felt it would be rude to excuse herself during a task. After a few minutes, each group started to give their presentations, which went on far too long and by now I was starting to get very impatient and fidgety. I was absolutely desperate for a pee! I glanced at Xueying as she uncrossed her legs and crossed them again, biting her lip as she glanced up at the clock.

Once the presentations were finally over, I really hoped that the meeting would be ending so I could finally go for a piss. Unfortunately for me, there was a surprise announcement that one of the managers was retiring, and he stood up and gave a long, rambling speech which just seemed to go on and on. I sat there trying to pay attention, gritting my teeth and trying my hardest to sit still and look interested. Xueying was sitting just in front of me right in my eyeline, and I could tell that she was struggling too.

She kept shifting around in her seat, trying to get comfortable, alternating between sitting leaning back in her chair with her legs tightly crossed, to uncrossing her legs and sitting up straight, bouncing her knee and sometimes crossing her ankles under her chair. I couldn’t see her face as she was facing away from me towards the person giving the speech, but I noticed her giving frequent glances at her phone or towards the clock on the wall, probably thinking the exact same thing that I was – ‘hurry up and finish so I can go for a wee!’.

Finally, at long last, our manager finished up his speech and we all applauded. We then had to sit through a (thankfully) very short speech from the CIO, before the meeting was finally concluded and we were free to leave. The presentations and speeches had gone on for almost an hour, and it was now nearly 1pm. I was absolutely dying to use the toilet, my bladder now extremely full. I had not actually relieved myself since waking up at 6am that morning, and was really looking forward to finally having chance to go. However, most people were still standing around chatting and wishing the manager well for his retirement.

I didn’t want to just rush off and leave, so I joined in with a few conversations, trying my best to hide my need. I ended up standing next to Xueying, who was standing with her legs crossed and looking rather uncomfortable, not saying much. I had a feeling that she was dying to escape and find the loo, but wanted to make a good impression rather than just rushing out. She had mentioned to me earlier that she had taken a train from the city centre to get to the conference venue, so I asked her if she wanted to share a cab to the train station, which she agreed to.

We eventually left the meeting room with a few others, heading down the stairs towards the entrance and reception area. As we reached the bottom of the stairs, I glanced around and noticed the entrance to the bathrooms, starting to walk towards them. Xueying was a few steps in front of me and was also headed towards them, only to stop and say ‘Oh’ quietly, barely loud enough for me to hear. There was a sign on the Ladies toilet which read ‘CLOSED FOR CLEANING’, but the Men’s toilets (which was right next to them) appeared to still be open.

She gave a little sigh of frustration and turned to me. ‘How long until the taxi gets here?’ she asked casually. She was clearly disappointed that she had not been able to use the loo, but seemed to be trying hard not to show it. I checked the Uber app on my phone, and she stood next to me, watching closely. ‘There’s one about a minute away’ I replied, showing her. She studied the screen for a moment then asked. ‘Will they pick us up right outside?’ she asked, looking towards the exit. ‘Yeah, looks like it’ I said, inspecting the pick-up point on the app. She glanced towards the bathroom entrance again, then back to me. ‘OK, shall we go and wait?’ she asked, taking a few steps towards the entrance and looking at me expectantly.

I found myself in a rather awkward situation. I was absolutely desperate to piss having just spent 4 hours stuck in a meeting room, and really badly wanted to use the toilet before setting off on the journey home. However, I felt like it would be quite rude to make Xueying wait for me, knowing that she was probably just as desperate. I was also far too embarrassed to admit to her that I needed to go. After all, if she could manage the long journey home without going for a wee first, then why couldn’t I!? Of course, she had the option of waiting until the cleaner had finished or trying to find another bathroom, but this would mean admitting to me that she wanted to use the loo, which she was clearly too shy to do.

We walked out of the exit doors and waited for the taxi together, and it arrived not long after. We got held up in some temporary traffic lights and it took around 15-20 minutes to get to the station. We spent most of the journey chatting politely, both trying to mask our discomfort. I did notice Xueying wince and shift in her seat each time the taxi bounced over a speed bump. After we arrived at the station, I noticed that the next train to the city centre was about to leave in just a couple of minutes and we had to hurry to the platform.

We got held up trying to get through the ticket barrier as Xueying’s ticket wasn’t opening it, so had to find a member of the station staff to help. We then had to rush across the length of the station and down the stairs towards the platform, and I had to grit my teeth as my very full bladder was jolted around. As we got to the platform, I couldn’t see the train waiting and thought that we’d missed it, but then I noticed that it had been delayed by a few minutes.

We stood and waited, taking a moment to get our breath back. I glanced around, hoping to find a bathroom nearby on the platform, but couldn’t see one. Xueying would sometimes pace slowly a few feet down the platform, stopping to cross her legs tightly as she looked up at the screen to see how long we still had to wait, before pacing back towards me. She also wandered further down the platform once or twice, looking around, and I guessed that she was trying to find a bathroom as well. I had a feeling that the bathrooms were right by the station entrance before the ticket barriers, and we had been in such a rush to get to the platform that we had hurried straight past them. She seemed to be trying very, very hard not to let on to me that she needed the loo, and I was also trying my hardest to maintain my composure in front of her.

The train eventually arrived and we got on, and thankfully it was quiet so there were plenty of places to sit. We sat opposite each other, by the window, and chatted as the train departed. It was a 40 minute journey to the station, and it was one of the most desperate and uncomfortable train journeys of my life. My bursting bladder was pressing snugly against my waistband and I kept having to discretely shift in my seat, struggling to find a comfortable position to sit in. I longed to undo my waistband or hold myself, but with Xueying sitting directly opposite me, I knew that I just had to try and sit still and try my best to concentrate on our conversation. I knew that Xueying was having the same problem, of course, and I pretended not to notice each time she pressed her hands down into her lap, jiggling her legs and biting her lip.

Several times I leaned over and glanced up and down the aisle, hoping to see any sign that there was a toilet nearby. I even considered excusing myself to go and search for one, but I had a feeling that there weren’t any onboard the train. I noticed Xueying also glancing down the aisle a few times, and wondered if she was thinking about going to look for a loo as well, but she stayed in her seat. She could hardly sit still, and was squirming around uncomfortably in her seat even more than I was, crossing and uncrossing her legs with her hand wedged between her upper thighs, unable to stay in one position for longer than a couple of minutes.

We passed station after station, and progress was frustratingly slow. We stopped at a station just before our actual stop, with a very similar name. Xueying muttered 'Finally' and began to stand up, and I had to remind her that we had one more stop to go, and she apologised and quickly sat down again, looking very embarrassed and frustrated. After what felt like an age, the train began to slow down as the announcement came over the speakers that we were about to reach the main station in the city centre. We both had to sit there for a few more long, frustrating minutes until we finally pulled in. I’m sure that, by now, Xueying had noticed my discomfort and probably knew exactly why I was so fidgety. I caught her glancing down at my crotch a couple of times as I squirmed around in desperation, but she was too polite to mention anything.

We both stood up and grabbed our bags as the train pulled into the stop. Although Xueying lived only about 15 minutes’ walk away, I still had to catch one more train to reach my local station. I had already checked on my phone and knew that I had a 10 minute wait, and was planning to make a quick stop at the toilets on the walk to the platform, after saying goodbye to her. As we got off the train, I realized that the platform I needed was actually just a bit further down from the platform we were already on, and I mentioned this to Xueying. To my surprise, she said that she would stay with me while I waited for the train. I replied that she didn’t have to, but she said that she didn’t mind keeping me company and waiting with me!

We continued chatting as I waited for my train to arrive. I could hardly keep my composure as we stood and waited on the busy platform, shifting my weight subtly from foot to foot and jiggling slightly, absolutely longing to piss. Xueying also seemed to be really struggling and seemed to be barely disguising a ‘really need a wee’ dance, crossing and uncrossing her legs and stepping from foot to foot as discretely as she could manage. I was very, very tempted to admit my predicament and ask if we could go and find the closest toilets, but something stopped me. I don’t know if it was shyness, or professionalism, or some kind of sense of pride that if she could make it home without a pee break, then so could I.

Now, if this was a fictional omorashi story, this would probably be the part where I’d write that neither of us could hold on any longer and spectacularly wet ourselves on the busy platform, or she invited me back to hers and we both continued holding for hours and teasing each other while denying ourselves relief. Unfortunately, the real ending is far less interesting! My train arrived on time, I said goodbye to Xueying, and I had to endure an extremely desperate 8 minute journey to my local station where I hurried off the train and rushed straight into the disgusting station toilets just outside the station entrance. They smelt so bad that I almost turned around and walked straight back out again without relieving myself, but I was so desperate that I had no choice but to hold my breath as I enjoyed a very long, gushing, desperate piss into the filthy urinal!

I can only imagine Xueying’s frantic walk home before rushing into her apartment building, pee dancing in the elevator before unlocking her door, dashing to her bathroom and throwing herself onto the toilet just in time, moaning with relief as she finally had the wee that she’d been holding for hours!

*002*2022-05-29 10:20

{{On 5/28/2022 at 1:33 AM, Bf1fan said:

I enjoyed this story a lot. What was she wearing by any chance?

}}

Thanks! She was wearing a tight fitting white shirt, pale blue slim fit jeans and sneakers.

*004*2022-05-31 17:58

{{4 hours ago, desperationenj said:

Did you end up asking her later on if she was okay and have made it?

Like I casually did that when I saw a desperate coworker who had to hold it in for a long time and the next day she told me her whole side of the story.

I feel like the shyness goes away once you open up about the situation. Plus you can bring up that you were in the same predicament too!

}}

No I didn't, because neither of us had actually mentioned needing to go at all. It was this strange situation where both of us were obviously desperate to use the toilet having been stuck in a room together all morning, yet neither of us wanted to admit our predicament, either out of professionalism or embarrassment. I'm sure she must have realised that I needed to go too, and probably also realised that I'd noticed her desperation, yet she still never brought it up.

I probably would have mentioned something if I'd known her a little better, but I didn't want to embarrass her or come across unprofessional.

I remember once being late to a call with another female colleague (also coincidentally from China) and because I knew her quite well, I felt comfortable admitting to her that I was late because I had been stuck in calls all afternoon and couldn't put off a toilet break any longer as I had been dying to go for hours. She found it quite amusing that I'd admitted something so personal and then told me that she often faced the same predicament as she drinks so much water!

