Front Row Seat

Author: viperruler

*000*2012-07-06 10:12

One thing I've always wanted to see is a real wetting happen right in front of me. I've come close. I've had people in front of me be squirming and telling me how they desperately needed to pee, especially one guy named Mike. There was one particular moment from my childhood that I remember. It was in school during the PSSAs (which is the biggest test of the year for students her in Pennsylvania.) One of my friends, who I can't remember his name since it's been so long, was sitting next to me during the testing.

About 1/3 of the way into the testing time I notice him start to squirm and fidget in his seat. I asked him quietly what was the problem. He told me started to need to pee. I asked him if he'd be alright. He said yeah and that he'd always has had a small bladder. Around halfway through the test I noticed his need grow stronger. He would occasionally stop his test and grab at his crotch. His legs were crossed well. I asked if he'd be alright. He told me that he really needed to pee. Keep in mind that at this point in my life, I was not into pee desperation and didn't even know what omorashi was.

I asked him why he wasn't asking the teacher to use the bathroom. He told me that he knew that she'd just say no, and deep inside I knew it was true. They never let anyone go during the PSSAs. I was getting pretty worried for him. All through the test I kept looking back at him to see how he was doing and he was Not doing good. About 46- 30 minutes left and he leaned over to me saying that he extremely needed to pee and that he was about to go in his pants. I told him to just ask the teacher and tell her it's an emergency. He did and she told him with a sad face No, it was against the rules. Not nearly 8 minutes had passed and he was extremely bouncing up in his chair. He leaned over to me and told me that he couldn't hold it any longer.

He said a little bit had begun to leak out and that the rest was about to fully come out. Back then, I was not turned on by desperation and my only focus was to help my friend. I told him to forget about the teacher and just run to the bathroom. He was nervous about getting in trouble and said he couldn't. Immediately afterwards I saw an expression come across his face that obviously told me that another leak had spurted out. When this happened I silently yelled (yeah I know oxymoron) Just go! He decided to be smart and take the advice He bolted out of the room and about 6 minutes later came in with a big face of relief. Even better, the teacher understood his need and he didn't get in trouble. To this day I wonder, what if I was into omorashi back then and didn't give him the courage to run out of the classroom. Would he have pissed his pants right in front of me? So if ANY of you guys have seen or have come close to seeing someone wet themselves, I would love to hear your stories.

