Mall Parking Lot Wetting (Video Linked)

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2021-12-12 10:22

I'm excited to tell you about my latest outdoor adventure!

My last public outing didn't go quite as planned, as my cover was blown right as I was about to lose control and I had to quickly find a suitable spot. Thankfully, this time around I was able to stick to my plan.

I started off with an empty bladder and a little lemonade around 11:00am, and over the course of the next few hours I added two mugs of tea and a couple bottles of water to the mix. By the time 2:30pm rolled around, I felt like I was at a 6 or a 7 and that was my cue to head into town.

While the drive wasn't as bad this time, between sipping on some more water and the tea I had on board, that 7 turned into an 8...nearly 9...by the time I got to where I wanted to be.

I originally planned on setting the camera on the dash, and having my fun out in front of the car (a little more daring), but the late-autumn sun wasn't really providing the right kind of lighting, so I stuck with the usual shooting location. Maybe some other day?

Meanwhile, the time spent figuring all this out and getting in and out of the car was doing a number on my bladder, and it started to become a challenge just to stay dry. I spent another five or ten minutes sitting in the car, holding as long as I could before I got to my breaking point.

Eventually I felt the first quick spurt and clambered out of the driver's seat. Within seconds, I felt the warmth rushing down my legs and forming a neat little puddle beneath my drenched feet. I was once again soaking myself in public.

About 30 seconds in, a car passed by on the access road about 100 feet to my right, all the while people behind me went about their business passing through the main entrance. Once relieved...I climbed back in, blasted the heat, and headed home for the next bit of fun.

Full (NSFW EroMe) Video Link: https://www.erome.com/a/OgpvrZpH

