Caught by Omorashi; lifelong dream tested

Author: scinosensation

*000*2021-08-08 21:39

Spring semester of my first year of college was progressing. It became known that I was a virgin. My mother had spent the previous 7 or 8 years drilling into me that having sex was a mortal sin for which I would burn in Hell for all eternity, and she would not allow me to date unless she went along, except for school dances. When I was in 6th grade I suffered a broken bone that had come unset and made walking very painful and slow. My mother refused to help me get to the bathroom, so I held until I couldn’t hold. I discovered how good it felt to have a painfully full bladder release involuntarily. She became very more sympathetic and caring than at any other time. I had found the one aspect of my life my mother could not control, and I learned how to get her affection.

The same woman who I had taken to the end of fall semester party moved into the same dorm building I lived in. She took it upon herself to cure my virginity problem. She and I both worked in the dorm cafeteria. We both worked dinner that Tuesday. We ate at 4:30 and started our work shits just before the lines opened at 5. After our dinner work was done around 7 we went to her section of the dorm, signed me in, and went up to her room. She went to the restroom to change out her uniform while I waited in her room.

When she got back I had no idea what to do and she was pressuring me. Whatever I tried I could not get an erection. We tried for a long time but I just couldn’t do anything. She finally gave up on me and I pulled up my undies and pants. I became aware of a very full bladder. She called a male friend of hers who was an acquaintance of mine. He eventually came over and proceeded to lecture me on how he was so disappointed in me. When he left I was shaking could not easily move my arms or legs. All in all I had been on her bed for over 5 hours and had not used the restroom for over 8 hours.

Finally she said I had to leave otherwise she would be in serious trouble. She helped me get up. I told her I had to go to the bathroom very very badly. She said there wasn’t time and I had to leave. She helped me slowly walk out her door down the hall to the stairwell. We had to go down three flights of stairs. I was thinking that when I got out to the street I could hide behind the bushes and empty my bladder. We were less than halfway down when a fierce pressure wave came over my bladder. 

I struggled to control it but quickly my undies warmed and a wet spot appeared and rapidly grew to a wet area up to my waist and down my legs. She told me I wasn’t just not a man I wasn’t even potty trained. We finally got to the door. I was checked out and the receptionist called campus police to take me and the woman to the health center. Several of my other women friends saw me and asked if I was alright. The campus police arrived, put down a protective cover on the car seat, and drove the woman and me to the health center.

I was put on an exam table while the woman went with the on duty Dr. I was shaking and my bladder was refilling. Finally the Dr. comes out and tells me she doesn’t think there is anything seriously wrong but she wants me admitted for the night. Young woman aids came with a wheelchair and with a protective pad took me to a room. They got me to stand and took off my pants and undies. They cleaned me and put a hospital gown on me helped me into the bed. Then they told me that since I had come in with wet pants they needed to put a diaper on me. They explained that it was easier to change a wet diaper than to change a wet bed and safer that trying help me to the restroom. The put a cloth diaper and plastic panties on me.

So I had not been able to lose my virginity, I had wet my pants, several friends saw me with we pants, campus police had driven me to the campus hospital and now I was in a hospital bed wearing a diaper. The aids said I should call if they needed to change me; it would be no trouble. When my bladder filled I held it as long as I could but after a very strong pressure wave I felt an amazing release as warmth spread around my crotch and butt. I didn’t fully empty my bladder for fear of a leak. I called and one of the aids came and changed me. I was awake for a while realizing the diaper was so very comfortable; the diaper felt so much better than my undies I wondered how kids ever got potty trained. 

I slept until morning when I woke up to a full bladder. I tried to hold it but soon felt more pressure than I could control. I felt the awesome release and warmth flooding the diaper. I called for an aid. A different one changed me and told me breakfast would be brought soon and I had to stay until one of the psychiatrists saw me. After the psychiatrist saw me an aid came and we discussed how I could get home. My pants were wet and in a bag. She got some scrubs for me and told me they were scratchy so I might want to leave the diaper on until I changed into my regular clothes.

For as long as I could remember I had wanted to be able to wear diapers, if not full time, at least once in a while. There were times I wished I could wear them 24/7. My night in diapers and wetting the diaper showed me the reality turned was much better than the fantasy. The feeling of wearing a diaper and being able to wet it without shame almost made up for the humiliation; it nearly made the whole experience worthwhile. I did look in the nearby mall to see if they had diapers for adults but I didn’t find any. I tried off and on to find adult diapers in stores for about 10 years before they became very widespread. I sometimes tried toddler sized diapers but they didn’t really work well.

Roughly 5 years later I came to appreciate what I could do with plastic panties. A little over 5 years after that adult diapers became readily available. 30 years after the events above I suffered a spinal cord injury that caused me to lose control of my bladder. I started wearing diapers 24/7/365.

