Tea-induced desperation with my new thermos flask

Author: Lils

*000*2020-12-22 17:15

18:10

A few days ago, I ordered a new thermos flask. I had broken my previous one a few years ago (while on a hike) and had never bought a new one. However, now that it is winter and there are not that many fun things to do (due to COVID), I plan on taking more hikes and bike rides in the area around the city. And because of the cold weather, I wanted something larger than just my to-go coffee mug (which also works as a thermos) to keep my drinks warm. It arrived this morning, and after washing it I immediately wanted to test it. While doing desk work at home, it is always a bit bothersome to me to keep walking to the kitchen for more tea, especially when I'm concentrating. So this time I boiled water, made a cup of tea and filled my (0.5 liter) thermos flask. I really enjoyed my tea like this all day, and I guess I drank way more tea that I would normally do. I've been using the restroom about every hour (maybe a bit more often even) because of the amount of water I have consumed.

All of this using-the-restroom, and going on a walk and having to shorten it to go back home because I needed to pee, got me in the mood for doing a hold (and maybe some wetting) this evening. So, I've been drinking another half liter of tea the past half hour, and I'll take my last restroom break in 10 minutes time. After that, I will no longer allow myself to use the toilet, but I will keep enjoying my tea (and other liquids). Let's see how long I will last... I will keep you updated of course!

19:50

I'm starting to get a bit desperate. I feel a slight pressure in my bladder, and am definitely beyond the point where I would normally go to the restroom. However, holding it is not really a challenge yet. It is a little more uncomfortable sitting down, than it is to stand up, but still very doable. I'm distracting myself with some television.

I've also kept on drinking tea, I think about 1 liter in the past 90 minutes. I know that with tea probably the desperation will hit me all at once, and I'll go from slightly desperate to barely holding it in just some minutes. I wonder how long it is going to take untill that will happen.

And also, somewhere in the next 90 minutes, my groceries will get delivered to my door. I hope I can make it that long...

20:45

My groceries just got delivered, right on time because I am getting really desperate right now. I had a bit of trouble with the pressure in my bladder as I was carrying the groceries upstairs. I get these waves of extra pressure in my bladder, and my jeans are getting uncomfortable with the pressure they put on my bladder.

Now all that is left is putting them away (while sitting in front of the fridge). I hope I can do it without breaking my hold, but it is getting difficult...

21:05

I cleaned away my groceries and switched to soft, high wasted, rust-orange sweatpants. Because they are high-wasted they do not put any pressure on my bladder. Speaking of my bladder... I just drank another glass of tea, and it was almost torture, I felt like it was going straight through me and to my bladder. I had to stop halfway the glass and take a break to breath a little, in order to keep al the liquid inside of me.

I'm feeling warm, and I'm starting to have trouble typing. My bladder feels like a balloon inside of me, and it is constantly on my mind with all its fullness. For me, this is usually the last "stage" of desperate before losing it. I wonder for how long I'll still be able to hold.

21:35

I felt like I was at maximum capacity, and for some reason I lost interest in wetting my pants. I just wanted to be done with this hold, and suddenly felt to tired for clean-up. Then I remembered several people on this forum asking me what the capacity of my bladder was. Knowing that it was probably not at full capacity (but very close), I decided to grab a measuring cup and pee in it under the shower.

I was actually too desperate to be patient enough to take my sweatpants of, so they were just around my ankles. The measuring cup above that, in my hand, and my hovering above the measuring cup. I actually started peeing before I had the measuring cup fully in position, so I dit not "catch all". My cup goes to 1 liter (and can actually contain more liquid than that), and I went over the one liter mark. When removing the cup from under me, some of it sloshed out and ended up in my pants anyway, and I didn't bother cleaning myself so my sweatpants are still a bit damp.

With the amount of tea I consumed, I wll probably have to go all night long, so I hope I can still get some good hours of sleep.

*002*2020-12-23 19:58

{{20 hours ago, kalle2020 said:

Wow, thanks a lot for this live report from getting more and more desperate! I was amazed how long you were able to hold from the first signs of desperation to finally giving up. And even if you had lost interest in wetting your pants, you finally did wet them a little - did you just pull them back up and wear them damp for the rest of the evening?

}}

I did pull my pants back up, and kept them on. A few times during the evening, I let another spurt go in my pants so they were kept damp all night ;) So I did kind of end up wetting my pants yesterday.

*004*2020-12-27 13:24

{{On 12/24/2020 at 1:10 AM, kalle2020 said:

And if I may ask: how was your night? You didn't end up wetting the bed as well, did you?

}}

No, I've never wet the bed on accident, even when dreaming about peeing - I just wake up super desperate. I think it is in large part because I am too stressed out about the clean-up.

