Desperation on a NYC Train (male)

Author: SomeNewGuy

*000*2019-07-16 22:11

This incident occurred a number of years ago, on an occasion when I had to go into the city for a business meeting, about a 90-minute train ride from my apartment in the burbs. It was February, which means that I was wearing an overcoat over my business suit. As I had to wake up extra early that day, I was fairly tired, and so drank more than my usual amount of coffee.

When the day's boring business activities were finally done, I checked the time on my phone, and realized that even if I hurried, I might not be able to get to Penn Station on time to make the train I wanted to catch. But I had to try, because if I missed that one, I'd have to wait an hour for the next one. So even though I had to pee, I absolutely did not have time to stop in the men's room on my way out of the office building. At that point, it was not an emergency, but considering that I already had to pee and that I had drunk a considerable amount of coffee, the "mature, responsible, adult" thing to do before embarking on a 1 1/2 to 2 hour journey would have been to use the restroom.

But I did not want to miss my train, so I declined the opportunity to stop in the bathroom and hurried off to Penn Station. I was hoping to get there with a little time to spare, so I could stop and pee in the bathroom before hopping on the train. But what actually happened was that I got to Penn Station about one minute before my train was scheduled to depart, so I had to rush like a maniac, with no time to use the bathroom, and just made it onto the train in time.

Now yes, there are bathrooms on the train. However, they can be beyond disgusting, so I absolutely refuse to use them. And to be honest, I do also use that fact as an excuse to play the "hold it in game" with myself, so that I get really desperate to pee in public and risk wetting my pants in front of women. While that was definitely the case on this occasion, it was equally true that I did not want to wind up actually pissing in my pants, as I was wearing a business suit on a crowded train departing NYC and would be arriving at my hometown train station together with many other people, including some who could potentially know me.

Shortly after boarding the train, my need to pee had definitely increased, as the result of all the coffee I had drunk. I was not yet frantically desperate, but I was at the point where the overwhelming majority of people would have immediately rushed off to find a bathroom. But not me! I knew it was going to be a major challenge to hold my pee in for the entire rest of the train ride without wetting my pants. I was very excited about having to pee so badly with so many women around, especially when I was not going to use the restroom on the train no matter what. Plus, I was sitting next to a woman, with whom I was making small talk. I was also totally scared that I was going wet my pants.

I was hoping for a quick train ride, but the train had other plans. It seemed to be going slower than usual, and at one point it stopped for about twenty minutes in the middle of nowhere. About an hour into the train ride, I was beyond desperate. I needed to pee "right now." I had enough experience to know what it feels like when I have to pee so bad I might start wetting my pants at any time, and I was definitely at that point. I could not sit still and was squirming in my seat. From time to time, the lady sitting next to me gave me a look that seemed to say, "Why the fuck don't you just go to the bathroom already." I had butterflies in my stomach from being so scared that I might have a very public and humiliating all-out wetting accident in a business suit on a very crowded train. But at the same time, I was really excited by having to pee so bad in public that I might wet my pants.

Since I really did not want to wet my pants, I decided that since I could barely hold it in anymore, it would be alright to get off the train before my stop, pee in the bathroom at that station, and then wait the hour for the next train to come by. But each time the train stopped at a station, I decided it would be more fun to continue to challenge myself to keep trying to hold it in, and risk pissing my pants in public. For the last few minutes of the train ride, I had to pee so fucking bad that I felt like I was going to wet my pants any second.

Somehow, I managed to make it to my stop with my pants still totally dry. I got off the train and headed towards the station. But I had gone only a few yards down the platform when I got that feeling which I know from experience means that I literally cannot hold it in anymore and am about to start peeing whether I want to or not. So right there, on a crowded train platform, wearing a business suit, in my home town, I began to pee in my pants. I was able to stop it after about five to seconds. Even though I was wearing an overcoat that hid my wet pants, I felt very embarrassed. There I was, a grown man in a business suit, and I had just accidentally peed in my pants because I had tried to hold it in for too long. But at the same time, I was extremely excited and exhilarated by what had just occurred.

And I still had to pee so fucking badly. In fact, about every thirty seconds or so, I would accidentally spurt some more piss in my pants for a few seconds, until I could stop it. All the while, I was passing by so many people. Then, when I finally got to the station, ready to fully relieve myself and avoid totally saturating my suit pants, IT WAS CLOSED. To save money, they shut the station in the evening and had installed a ticket machine outside. Good fiscal strategy, maybe, but it only worsened my very desperate predicament.

While I have never been shy about unzipping, "whipping it out," and peeing outdoors (in fact, I much prefer doing that to peeing in the bathroom like people are "supposed" to do), these days you can get arrested for that, and I was in a very public place. So I had to try to hold it in for another few minutes while I made my way to the main street with businesses where I could find a public restroom. I continued accidentally spurting more piss in my pants a few times per minute. It was totally wild to be walking down crowded sidewalks in my hometown while pissing in my pants. And by this time, if anyone cared to notice, my left pants leg was wet down to my ankle, and so my overcoat no longer completely hid my accident.

When I finally got in front of a urinal and unbuttoned my coat, all I could say was "Wow, my pants are fuckin' soaked." For me, that was totally wild, because usually when I have an accident from trying to hold my pee in for too long, I just make a wet spot on my pants, sometimes fairly small and sometimes rather large, but if I then soak myself, it is because I decide to do it on purpose, as I really enjoy how it feels when I have to pee really bad and I all-out piss my pants on purpose. But this time I had soaked myself, and it had been completely by accident (well okay, maybe not completely, since I did choose to try to hold it in way beyond the point when most people would have made sure they got to a bathroom). And even though I had already saturated my pants, I wound up peeing a surprisingly large amount in the urinal. Was I embarrassed by my accident? Absolutely. But I was also thrilled, exhilarated, and totally glad that I had the experience.

*002*2019-07-19 16:34

{{1 hour ago, kochel428 said:

This was hot and I bet you really enjoyed it but EXCUSE me sir a train departing Penn Station is either a NEW JERSEY train or a LONG ISLAND train. No stolen NYC valor for you.

}}

NO SOUP FOR YOU!

*003*2019-07-19 16:54

{{10 minutes ago, NorthEastGuy said:

NO SOUP FOR YOU!

}}

That just reminded me of one of my favorite tv episodes ever, which I saw back in the nineties. Obviously it was a Seinfeld episode. Elaine was on a plane and had to pee really really badly, but the guy in the aisle seat next to her was sleeping and blocking her way, and she didn't want to wake him. So she just sat there getting more and more desperate to pee. The show's director took the liberty of letting the audience hear her thoughts, so it was quite exciting. I was watching with friends, so I had to hide how delighted and excited I was getting.... And I have to admit I was hoping Elaine would pee in her pants, even though I doubted that would happen Lol. Over twenty years later, that is still one of my all-time favorite tv episodes.

*007*2019-07-20 03:52

{{7 hours ago, Penelope said:

Were you able to keep your accident a secret at the business meeting?

}}

I peed my pants when I was on my way home from the meeting. The meeting was just the reason why I went into the city in the first place, and the reason why I drank so much coffee in order to maintain some semblance of wakefulness.

