Unplanned desperation results in a kitchen floor puddle

Author: LeaksALot

*000*2021-12-12 05:42

Unplanned desperation is my favorite kind. Because when I plan on holding intentionally until I have an accident, then it often gets to the point where I get bored with waiting and want to just pee myself on purpose or I start to get nauseous from holding and then I just stop holding before it gets to the fun part (a genuine accident). Today I hadn't planned on holding at all because I had just done laundry today, but some unplanned desperation led me to a fun accident.

So I was at work today as usual. I peed twice during my 9 hour shift. I needed to pee again by the time I left work, but I was like nah I'll just wait and pee at home because it wasn't an emergency and I thought I was gonna go straight home. Well, after work I decided to go shopping. I didn't use the bathroom while I was shopping because I knew I could hold it and I just wanted to get done and go home, so I was like nah I'll just wait until I get home to use the bathroom.

WELL, by the time I finally got home I had gone from a 7 to a 9. While I was unloading my trunk, I was doing a pee dance and grabbing my junk in the parking lot. I got inside and then of course, the cats demanded to be fed their dinner. So I put down the groceries and went to work feeding the cats. Then I had to wash a few dishes and put a pot of water on the stove to boil and that's when my desperation became an emergency. I crossed my legs and squeezed tightly to prevent any pee from escaping. I knew if I didn't cross my legs and stood normally, I would start leaking.

That's around the time when I decided that this was a perfect opportunity to enjoy a genuine accident. I wouldn't have to wait very long and it was certainly about to start flowing. Why waste a perfectly full bladder? I groaned when I remembered that I had just washed my laundry this morning. I didn't want to do laundry again. But I hadn't wet myself in awhile and I really wanted to feel the release and the arousal of a genuine accident. Speaking of arousal...I was now quite turned on. Needing to pee so badly and thinking of the feeling of flooding my pants was making my dick hard. I was still about to burst, in spite of my erection. I had to act fast before my bladder spilled everywhere.

In a panic, I ran to my room to change clothes because I didn't want to pee in my work pants. I could barely uncross my legs to change clothes without pissing myself. I threw on a thin pair of jogging pants because the material would dry quickly after rinsing them so I wouldn't have to do laundry again so soon. I grabbed a puppy pad that I keep around for when I wet myself, to contain the mess. I ran back to the kitchen and tossed the puppy pad on the ground, stepped onto the puppy pad and tried to continue making my dinner. I stood up normally and didn't allow myself to cross my legs, because I knew this would make me lose it. I was watching my pasta boil on the stove and knew I couldn't hold it much longer. My dick was still hard and I felt the piss inching closer and closer to the end of my dick. My legs were shaking as I stood still. I felt like I could cum at any moment, but also like I could explode with piss at any moment. Each moment felt like agony but it felt so good too.

Finally as I was draining my pasta, I felt the first leak happen. I quickly finished draining the pasta, put down the pan, and stepped back onto the puppy pad. Shaking and standing with my legs apart, I felt another leak come out. The leak turned into a trickle and that's when I lost control. I relaxed for a moment and then tried to tense up my muscles again to stop the flow but I couldn't stop pissing. Pissing myself in a room where I'm not supposed to pee at felt sort of naughty and it was a huge turn on. The puddle was growing under me and I worried about the floor but it felt too good to stop. Finally I was able to stop pissing and I took an inventory of the damage.

The puppy pad was soaked to the brim at each corner and it was slippery as hell under my feet. If I pissed anymore it would surely leak. I still had a little pee left in me and I would have to clean the floor after this anyway so I was like fuck it...I stepped off of the puppy pad and pushed out what was left in my bladder. It felt orgasmic. Something about the naughty feeling of peeing on the bare kitchen floor made me even more aroused and I started to cum after I was finished peeing, without even touching my dick. I just stood there shaking for a minute from the amazing feeling of pissing myself combined with a hands free orgasm.

After all was said and done, I had to shuffle across the kitchen for the paper towels and clean up my bare feet enough to be able to walk out of the kitchen without tracking piss everywhere. I mopped the floor twice, just to make sure no piss smell would stick around. All in all, it was very enjoyable. I've never pissed myself in the kitchen before but since it felt so naughty it was even more arousing than pissing myself in my room or the bathroom. 10/10 would do it again.

