That was a close one. Inconvenience 100%

Author: Atrix

*000*2021-05-25 10:39

Well I have done a scenario that was very inconvenient for me when I tried wetting in some female clothing.

So the other day my sister was giving clothes away again to charity and it was a massive plastics bag of old clothes.

I was not really looking for new wetting clothes but thought to myself it never harms to stock up on some other outfits or even try something to wet in that I haven't worn before.

Nobody was at home so I took my time opening the bag and scanning through the piles of clothes.

There were some super super tight light blue jeans that I found sexy looking and a very cute school skirt.

I picked up these two items and started to put everything back into the plastic bag and suddenly I noticed something weird that looked like a hoodie but was kinda "bulgy". I stood up and unfolded the piece and noticed it was a One piece clothing top and bottom part - a One*see!!!

Score! I thought to myself.

I have never worn one before and definitely never wet myself in one.

I said okay this will be my next wetting project.

A couple of weeks went by and it was always kinda in the back of my head to finally try on the One*see.

The day came that my parents left the house for like 3 hours and I thought to myself now or never, this is the best chance I currently have.

I rushed to my room took out the One*see. Took of my clothes I was wearing and kept on my underwear.

I was putting one leg already into the One*see when I thought to myself I can maybe wear something underneath.

So I put on my black tights and over them I put on my black over knee socks. I always feel very cosy when putting this set on.

Alright now I put on the bottom piece of the One*see. The One*see was light grey with small black dots all around the body. There was a zipper that went from the belly botton area until your throat and the top piece looked like a hoody.

I got the bottom piece up until my waste. Put my arms into the arm pieces and started to pull on the zipper. I noticed that the zipper was not going up so well and I had to put in some force into it while still trying to not break anything.

After literally 10+ minutes of struggling I finally managed to reach the end of the zipper length.

I must say at that point I felt like a little girl wanting to watch some series and just eat some snacks while wearing this. It was just so cute and comfortable.

I thought to myself I will just watch 1-2 episodes of anime and drink some tea and water while doing so in order to become more desperate.

So I went to my bed. Took out my laptop and started drinking and watching while wearing my adorable outfit.

After watching like 2 episodes I felt a slight urge to pee however I told myself that I was not desperate enough.

So I continued watching and drinking. I think I drank atleast like 2 liters of water in like 2 hours.

At this point my legs already started to squirm a bit and I couldn't sit calmly on my bed.

I knew it was going to come in the next 10 minutes.

I went to the bathroom getting all the cleaning stuff ready because I knew I wanted to clean the mess up as quickly as possible.

Then I noticed something that my parents told me before leaving. They told me that I had to take out the trash to the back of the house. If you don't know, my parents own a 4 story house and it is quite a distance to the trash bags and then to the back of the house.

So I clinched my ass cheeks together and went down all the stairs. The trash bags were in a room in the basement. So I had to walk down 3 floors. When I finally reached the basement I went past my sisters shoe rack. She has her own apartment in the basement and wasn't home for a couple of weeks. It was raining outside and I didn't wanted to get my nice overknee socks drenched in cold rainy water before my actual wetting.

I needed shoes and all my pairs are in my room...

So because I love the inconvenience when being desperate I decided to pick some nice brown laced up ankle high heel boots out of the shoe rack and wore them. They had a zipper on the inside of the feet and bending over to put them on really put a massive amount of pressure on my bladder.

When I stood up straight again I felt how a couple of drops were released into my underwear.

I said: "Okay, fu*k it's coming any second now"

I knew that I could not wet myself in the middle of the basement because then it would take some time to clean everything up.

I knew I had to move quickly!

So I rushed with the trash bags outside threw the bags into the corner and sprinted while wearing those high heels boots up the stairs to my bathroom.

I knew I did not had the power to take them off in time.

While going up the stairs more and more drops released and you could see a small stain in the crotch area of the One*see.

Everything felt kinda thrilling but I was also scared to piss all over the stairs.

Finally I arrived in to the bathroom. At this point I didn't even had to release the pee it just came out in a massive explosion.

While peeing I tried to take off the high heel boots because I couldnt really drench them in my pee.

When I managed to take one shoe off I heard the car of my parents arriving in the drive-way.

At this point my heart was racing like I just swam around a lake a couple of times. I literally got a small panic-attack and for like 2 minutes I didn't know what to do.

I put my hands on my zipper of my One*see and tried to zip it down towards my belly.

BUT IT DID NOT MOVE!!!

Then I noticed how the shoe that I was wearing on my left foot was getting filled with pee.

I threw myself into the bathtub and lifted my leg up so the pee would stop running down into the shoe.

Remember this is all happening while I'm still losing liters of pee into my One*See.

I felt how my tights and overknee socks were already soaked and how the weight have changed while wearing them.

I was immediately taking off the shoe that was on my left foot. I saw how the light brown material turned a little bit darker at some spots of the shoe. It wasn't so bad but still... It really made me panic even more.

Then I heard how my mother was shouting my name asking me if I had taken out the trash.

Me who was lying in the bathtub soaked in piss and wearing my sisters old One*see just screamed back:

"YEAHH, it's at the back of the house like you told me!"

I literally didn't move an inch. Because I tried to listed if they would be walking up the stairs towards me.

Then she said: " are you hungry, I brought some food?"

I said: "Yeah I will eat later because I'm taking a shower now.“

She then said:" Okay I will put it onto the kitchen counter. "

Then it was quite for like 10 seconds. My heart still racing like crazy.

I got out of the bathtub, locked the door and then I was fiddling around with the zipper that got stuck on the One*see. 1 minute later I got it open and I just took a shower while wearing the complete outfit. (minus the shoes of course).

After the shower I cleaned up. Looked at the damage from the shoes. It was really not that bad. Somehow my sock soaked up all the pee and there was just small stains that looked like you wore the shoes out on the rain. I still decided to make them wet a little bit with water and cleansed out the pee and after that dryed them with a hair dryer.

Somehow I managed to sneak back the shoes to the shoe rack and managed to cover everything up.

It was one of the craziest wetting I had so far and trust me. One side in me is telling me that this was the most thrilling and exciting wetting ever but then the other side in my mind is telling me that I can't do something like this ever again.

Well let's just see

I hope you guys liked my story.

Sorry about the weird English - I'm German.

Much love

~ Atrix

*002*2021-05-26 09:54

{{15 hours ago, Wetsy said:

Even more exciting for you knowing you almost got caught wetting..I enjoyed the story very much..And you're English is fine..

}}

Thank you for your kind words Wetsy. I really enjoy telling stories about events that happened to me in my past. Especially when they wetting related and are super embarrassed to tell to people who wouldn't understand.

*004*2021-05-26 14:23

{{47 minutes ago, Wetsy said:

Do tell more wetting stories..Love to hear them.

}}

There are some on my profile I wrote long time ago. You can scan through my account and check. Here is a link to one of my other stories. It´s about me being drunk with my friends and doing embarrassing things. xD

$iframe data-embed-src="$/58374-drunk-story-one-of-the-wildest-nights-of-my-life/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1764469&embedComment=1764469&embedDo=findComment#comment-1764469"

*006*2021-05-30 14:33

{{On 5/29/2021 at 3:16 AM, dunnetahl said:

Loved this story. I also really enjoy crossdressed wettings. I've always had fantasies about wetting in a onesie but don't own one. Except well I had a D.Va cosplay onesie I'm planning to wet in later tonight, lol. I'm about to read your drunk story but would also love to see you post more stories. Sounds like a lot of our kinks align. Would you ever go out in public to wet?

}}

Hey dunnestahl,

I definitly enjoy wetting in female clothes more then ordinary clothing. It´s kinda thrilling and naughty at the same time. You have do share a video about wetting your D.Va cosplay outfit!

I only wet myself once in public and that wasn´t really properly public since I did it at night at some location where I knew nobody would be. After the wetting I walked home to my house and got seen by a girl. I was wearing some tight jeans and a black hoodie and tried hidding my face but I think she recognized me anyways. I don´t know if she noticed my soaked jeans but it was super embarassing and exciting at the same time.

