Out in the Rain: Desperate in the ER

Author: ellemenopee

*000*2012-10-25 02:24

As bored and frustrated as I am right now, I can safely say the one upside to a day of "highly recommended" bedrest is being able to waste a little time writing new desperation stories. So, there's that. Unfortunately, as with my other stories, I haven't had years to think about this one, as it's all happened within the last 48 hours, and is therefore a little chaotic. I hope you can still enjoy! As usual, this goes on *WAY* too long, so I've marked a place for those of you just here for desperation. =)

NOTE: Contains explicit language! Also, I was sort of sick for part of it. Heads up for emetophobes.

___

A little background: For one reason or another, I've had anxiety issues since I was a little kid. It's generally not a problem, as I have that shit under wraps more often than not, but on bad days, sometimes what would be a panic attack during the day manifests as a 'night terror' [read: aggressive nightmare] at night (LOLDUH), which is super embarrassing, because I'm almost 23, and finding a roommate willing to deal with the occasional midnight screaming match is difficult.

ANYWAY, making a long story short (or shorter), I must have had one of these dreams the other night (Monday night, I think) and fallen out of bed, or tried to go somewhere and fell, or just smacked myself on the bedframe, because I woke up in the morning with a massive lump on the back of my head and zero recollection of how it'd gotten there. In all honesty, this probably should have been enough to make me up and hospitalize myself right there, but there were a few things stopping me:

Pride. I'm pretty fucking bad at asking for help. It's a thing. It's lame. I know.

Parents. They are both doctors (and I know what you're thinking. Go on and judge me. It's okay. Everyone does) – we don't believe in using the hospital for anything less than a coma.

Me. I was also pretty dizzy when I woke up and didn't think it'd be great to be on the road at the time. I love my car, and I didn't want to hurt her. Also, I find things tend to go away if you give them a little time.

Lazy. I wasn't feeling well to begin with. Putting on clothes and driving around was sort of a lot of work. So, all this combined I figured, eh, babies hit their heads all the time, and they're fine. I'll give it a few hours and go on with my life. And I did, mostly. As the day wore on, though, I sort of slowly began thinking I maybe ought to start being concerned. I was experiencing random bouts of vertigo whenever I stood up, and had been vomiting for the better half of the late morning/afternoon. (I should point out here that my mother is out of town this week, and my father works late, generally until at least 8 or 9pm, so I was home alone.) 

I reluctantly texted a friend and quickly explained the situation, which he then blew way the fuck out of proportion, saying I should already be at the hospital, and so on and so forth. I compromised and said if I woke up the next morning (Wednesday morning) feeling worse, I'd let him take me. There was no way in hell I was going to tell my parents I wanted to go to the hospital. That just isn't done here.

All went according to plan until about 6:30 this morning when I woke up and realized my vision was messed up. I mean, it normally is, I'm halfway to blind, but this was weird. I sat up and experienced some minor vertigo, was promptly sick again, and then finally decided to call my friend. Amazing person that he is, the two of us were in my car fifteen minutes later on the way to the hospital. And the ER. And the waiting.

I'd been chugging water all day, telling myself I only had a headache because I was dehydrated. It wasn't until I got to the hospital that I realized I probably should have peed before I left, but it was early in the morning, I was sick as a dog, and dizzy, and not even close to thinking straight. By the time we actually reached the hospital, I was feeling ten kinds of awful, so my friend made me sit down – the fact that I didn't argue apparently sending him into some sort of mini-panic – and went to put my name on the list, or fill out paper work, or however things work in the ER at 7am.

He was only gone, I think, a few minutes, but that few minutes was all I needed to realize that beyond the haze of pain and confusion and not wanting to be awake before the sun had risen, there was also a decent amount of desperation going on. The realization, of course, made it that much worse, and my bladder spasmed suddenly, resting me comfortable somewhere between a five and a low six. I was still with it enough to think, "Aw, fuck." I hadn't been desperate in public since my teenage years, and I was not eager to return to that.

DESPERATION HERE!!

I started squirming as much as my headache would let me, trying to find some way to sit that relieved the pressure on my bladder, sort of scanning the room for any 'bathroom this way' signs. I assume there was one somewhere, but the lights were all bright and fluorescent-y, and it made my head hurt, and I was still half asleep. I started to get up to just go look for myself, but my friend came back just then and stopped me. Let's call him Jack.

"What are you doing?" Jack said, somewhat critically.

I rolled my eyes. "Look, Jack, I appreciate you hauling ass at six in the morning to come get me, but I'll be fine. I'm just going to the bathroom."

Jack crossed his arms and blocked my path, with his stupid 'I know better than you' face. "If you were 'okay', we wouldn't be here. Can you wait, like, ten minutes? I told them it was an emergency, and they're supposed to call your name soon."

"You what?" I said, but I was already sitting back down – mostly because I felt gross, but also because Jack was all worried and I hated it. "Jack, this is an emergency room. A room filled with emergencies. Why would they pick me? We just got here."

"Because you have a 36-hour old head injury that you don't remember getting and worsening symptoms." I ignored this. He had a point, but I wasn't about to admit it, and also my bladder was demanding an increasing amount of attention from me. On the ten point scale, I was only hovering around a five, but my horrible self-control basically makes a five a high seven, so it was everything in me not to hold myself sitting next to Jack.

Instead, I started tapping my foot and bouncing my leg as much as I could without making myself sick. As some of you may also know, when I get desperate, I start to sing, so I hummed the new Adele song under my breath and tried not to think about how much I needed to pee. Which was a lot. It was beginning to feel like I was holding a bowling ball in my lap, and I was pissed at myself (PUN!) for drinking so much water yesterday/last night.

The ER was pretty empty, or at least I think so, I don't usually spend a lot of time there, and it was early, so Jack was half asleep next to me. I quickly (subtly, I hope), shoved a hand in my crotch to help me hold, playing it off like I was curling up into myself, because for whatever reason, the whole place was freezing. I was wearing a sweatshirt and my favorite Batman pajama pants, which are super cute, but offer zero warmth, so I think I maybe pulled it off. Either way, holding took some of the pressure off my bladder and let me sit still for a minute, which meant I was almost asleep when they called my name maybe fifteen minutes later.

Both Jack and I jumped up, me so fast, I almost leaked into my poor sweatshirt. Instead, I just got kinda dizzy and saw some spots, which made Jack flip out and all but push me toward the help desk where this (ridiculously hot male) nurse was waiting. FUCK, I would be desperate now.

By this time, a combination of sleep deprivation, a killer headache, and the whole blurred vision thing meant I was more or less down for the count. I only half remember starting to walk toward the desk, then taking a detour to go puke in the nearest trash can, and I think that's when I had my first leak. It was the combination of the tensing and relaxing all my muscles at once, as well as no longer being able to hold myself and being forced to stand up straight. I did have the wherewithal to think, "Oh, shit," and sort of cross my legs before any leak became super noticeable. My pjs are thin, but they're dark enough to afford me some time, and the leak had relieved a little bit of the pressure in my bladder. The sudden warmth down there in the cold of the room made me want to let go standing there, but I'd already nearly thrown up on their floor, I didn't think they'd appreciate the extra mess.

I breathed a tiny sigh of relief, apologized to the middle aged man who'd been sitting next to the trash can (and moved away as soon as he thought I was out of sight), then walked back to the front desk where my friend was told to wait while I was taken back to see the doctor.

Perhaps because I'd gotten sick in the waiting room, I was seen to shortly after that, while the doctor asked me a bunch of questions and I tried not to think about how much I had to pee.

"No, I don't remember what happened." Clench.

"Yes, I can follow that light with my eyes." Clench.

"No, I haven't suffered a head injury since I was fourteen." Clench.

"Yes, my vision is blurry, and yes, I've been throwing up since yesterday." Clench. Clench.

The whole time, I was half worried he'd order me an MRI which is a little freaky in its own right, but more than than, would require me sitting still for God only knew how long. I was jiggling like crazy, hoping I didn't look desperate, and maybe just cold, or nervous.

He called it a concussion (hence the mild amnesia and the nausea) and ended up letting me go with instructions to head back Friday (whoo.) or earlier if symptoms got worse, and a few other 'in the meantime' instructions – most notably, no sudden movements. I'm still not sure how I remember any of this, as the only thing I remember thinking then is, "Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee." My lower back was starting to hurt, and it was getting harder to keep breathing like a normal person. I kept jiggling my legs, and when the doctor helped me stand up, I couldn't straighten all the way, which made him smile awkward/sympathetically and say, "Need to use the restroom, kiddo?"

[NOTE: Another thing you should know about me: I haven't looked my age since I was...maybe ten. I looked about 13, until I was fourteen, when somehow, I started looking twelve again. Really. It's more than getting ID'd at a bar. It's like people in airports ask if I'm a minor. I am not.]

I should have said yes. I mean. I did. Badly. But the fact that he knew it meant I couldn't say yes and admit to dancing around like a toddler with a bladder problem.

"No," I lied, feeling my rapidly tiring bladder scream obscenities at me. "Just cold." And I walked [read: shuffled] out with as much dignity as I could, grabbing my friend as I passed the waiting room.

"Are you okay?"

"Let's just go. C'mon."

"But I thought you had to – "

"Jack. I'm fine. Let's go."

It had been a little under two hours since we arrived at the hospital, making it almost nine am, but we'd both been up early, so I knew he was just as ready to go back to bed as I was. I only live about fifteen minutes from the hospital, so I figured once I was in the car where it was warm, I could hang on until I got home, even if thinking about my bathroom made my bladder tense and contract, trying to relieve itself. I made a small sound that might have almost been a whimper, but played it off as a yawn. God, I had to pee.

We got in the car, and I promptly whipped off my sweatshirt and shoved it between my legs to relieve some of the pressure in my bladder, before putting my head back and trying to breathe like a normal person. I could feel Jack watching me, but didn't dare look at him. Jack and I have an interesting relationship, to say the least, which results in a platonic-ness between us on par with the relationship between my brother and I, so I was less worried that he'd be turned on or weirded out than I was worried he'd tease me or that I would wet in his car.

"Um...Izzy?"

I sat up and looked at him. "Jack. I love you. And I want you to know that as soon as I have money again, I'll take you out to lunch for this. But right now, swear to God, unless you want me to take a pee in your car, you need to start driving. Okay?"

The look on his face was priceless, but I didn't dare laugh. My bladder kept contracting, trying and again and again to relieve itself, giving no kind of fuck that I wasn't anywhere near a toilet, and not about to wet myself, come hell or high water (moar punz). The ride home felt hours long, tapping one foot the whole time, humming under my breath and twiddling my thumbs at max speed. By the time we got to my house, I was shaking, I had to pee so badly, and had taken to shoving one hand between my legs. Of course, Jack laughed his ass off at me, but I figured he'd gotten up the the crack of dawn to take me to the ER, so I couldn't be mad. Or that mad.

He dropped me off, we said our (hurried) goodbyes, and I bolted up my front steps as quickly as I could without making any 'sudden movements' or straightening fully, or taking steps big enough to allow me any kind of relief. I stopped twice to bend double and buy myself a few seconds, but I was beginning to worry I wouldn't make it before I lost control. My bladder was throbbing and everything in me kept saying, 'Just let it go. It would feel amazing.' Standing there in the cold and mild drizzle while I tried, half asleep and hunched over, to unlock my front door was the worst torture of my life. I couldn't stand still, and I couldn't get the key in the hole, and for a minute, I was ready to just pee right there. Relief was so close, and it was wet outside, and I was in my pajamas with a hospital bracelet on. I was pretty sure that even if anyone *did* see me, I could play it off.

But I'm less than two months away from 23, hell if I was going to wet myself on my door step. I uncrossed my shaking legs for half a second, then jammed my free hand in my crotch and recrossed them. I could feel dampness that could have been from anytime over the last two hours on my fingers, and it made my bladder contract painfully again, but I crossed my legs before anything could happen. With my other hand, I fumbled with my key for another couple seconds (though it felt like hours), before finally getting the door open.

The sound of the lock turning over was too much. I was right there, but I just couldn't hold it back anymore. My exhausted bladder knew relief was at hand, and I couldn't have run anywhere if I'd wanted to. I was peeing forcefully into my hand before I was even fully inside the house, slamming the door behind me (and leaving the key in the lock, which I didn't discover for another half hour). The bathroom was only a few yards away, but I couldn't stop the flow, no matter how hard I tried, so instead, I shoved my sweatshirt back between my legs to soak up the urine so it didn't get on the floor.

Moving helped a little bit, so I half cut off the flow, even though it made my bladder ache, just as I got to the bathroom, opened the door, flicked on the light...and saw there was no toilet paper.

I lost everything else right there. It came out like a flood, and I was sighing with relief before I even sat down. I peed so hard, the stream started going through my pajamas, at which point I just sat down and let myself relax, peeing through my pants. I must have been at it for at least a minute, though to be honest, I was so tired, and the relief was so incredible, I wasn't even really paying attention.

I sat, letting it all rush out of me, panting, head back, eyes closed, trying to figure out whether I'd be up for a shower while I let my heart rate return to normal. I ended up shuffling to the linen closet and tossing a towel on the ground and putting another around my waist. Jack texted me not a minute later, asking me if I'd 'made it'. I ignored this and texted him later that I'd fallen asleep as soon as we got back.

Actually, I cleaned up, showered, and tossed towels, sweatshirt, and pajamas into the wash then went to bed for two hours, and woke up late this morning, feeling just shy of 100%...and so relieved.

___

If this story meandered a lot, I'll blame it on the concussion. Hope you enjoyed it, anyway!

<3 Izzy

*007*2012-10-25 18:54

Thank you all for the kind words! Much appreciated – and yes, doing miles better, thanks. =)

*010*2012-10-26 00:18

Hey, no arguments here. If it helps at all, I've gotten the same message a number of times both here, and IRL. Lesson learned. And thanks? Yeah. Thanks.

