The First Accident I Can Remember

Author: Dylan13

*000*2020-06-09 08:56

The first time I remember wetting my pants, I was six years old. It happened around July or August; just a couple months before starting first grade.

Shortly into the beginning of summer, my dad had brought home an old brownish gold, four-door Datsun. Now, as I've been told by my mom and have witnessed myself throughout the years, my dad was notorious for picking up cars at a cheap price and bringing them home. Then, after a few weeks or maybe even a couple months, the car would break down and become an ornament in our driveway until Mom made him get rid of it. This was of course the same case with the Datsun.

As far back as I can remember, I have been fascinated with the prospect of driving. From the time I was around four or five, Dad would let me sit on his lap and steer and that was where my fascination began.

At the time, we lived about two miles north of town, at the front of a line of about seven or eight houses. The yards were very big with a lot of room to run and play, but there weren't many kids around. Three houses down from us was Jared, the only boy who was my age, and he had three older brothers that were very aggressive and destructive, while I was well-behaved and sensitive. To be honest, I was a bit of a sissy.

Jared was my friend and we played together sometimes, but I didn't like his brothers and I tried to avoid them as much as I could.

Three or four houses down from Jared lived the only other two kids in the area besides my two older sisters and me, and they were both girls. One was a couple years older than me and the other was a couple years younger than me. I actually had a crush on the older sister, but I didn't get to play with her very often. Both of my sisters were five or more years older than me, so I spent a lot of time playing by myself.

Once the Datsun broke down, it became a very large, very realistic toy car that I could sit in and pretend that I was driving. My parents didn't mind because the car didn't run and it would occupy me for hours on end, so they wouldn't have to worry about where I was at or whether or not I was safe.

On one particularly nice summer day shortly after it broke down, I was playing in the Datsun wearing a T-shirt and a pair of black bicycle shorts that had a neon green stripe down one side and a hot pink stripe down the other side. I wore those shorts quite often because I thought they were comfortable. It was around four o'clock in the afternoon, and I'm not sure exactly how long I had been playing in the car without a break of any kind, but I'm sure it was at least a couple hours.

I became so engrossed in my play that I didn't feel the pee building in my bladder. I wriggled in the driver's seat instinctively, like any kid will do when they have to pee really bad, but the fact that I needed to go to the bathroom just didn't register in my mind. I kept right on playing completely oblivious to anything else around me.

All of a sudden, the urge to go hit me like a freight train and I had a split second to think, "Oh, no!". The next second my bladder let go about a two second jet of warm pee that flooded my crotch soaking the front of my underwear and shorts and running all the way to my bottom. I simultaneously felt shocked, scared, embarrassed, ashamed of myself, and disgusted, and when that first spurt of pee came out of me, I panicked.

As soon as I felt it, I immediately fumbled the car door open and jumped out. When I turned to shut the car door my bladder let go completely and pee began flowing out of my penis at full force and I couldn't stop it.

The car was parked next to our garage about forty feet from the door of our house. With pee coursing down my legs, I sprinted the forty feet across the gravel of our driveway and our cement patio. My mom was hanging clothes on the line to my right as I ran by and when she saw me she scowled making me feel even more embarrassed and ashamed of myself. I could hardly believe that I was actually peeing in my pants and all I wanted to do was get to the toilet before it finished and change clothes before anyone found out what I did.

I bolted into our entry way, up the long flight of stairs into our dining room, took a left into the kitchen, and another immediate left into our bathroom. By the time I made it to the toilet and fumbled my penis out of my briefs, only a small amount was left to trickle into the water.

The entire front of my underwear and shorts was sopping wet and my legs glistened with moisture where the pee ran down them. Even my socks and shoes were wet. I grabbed a towel out of the cabinet in the bathroom and ran for my bedroom.

My mom was still outside, but I didn't want my sisters to see me, because I knew they'd make fun of me for wetting myself.

As fast as I could, I sprinted out into the kitchen, took a left into the living room, through the arched doorway, and another left past two chairs into my room. I closed my bedroom door behind me and immediately stripped out of everything except my T-shirt. I tossed my wet clothes into my laundry basket and used the towel to thoroughly dry my crotch, butt and legs. I was so ashamed of myself that I nearly cried and it took all I had to hold back the tears. At the same time, I was mildly afraid that it might happen again because of the way it surprised me.

After drying myself off completely, I dug in my underwear drawer for a pair of underwear that I hadn't worn in a very long time. They looked just like regular white briefs, but they were about three times thicker than the Fruit-of-the-Looms I was used to and were meant for little boys that were, for the most part, potty trained but still had close calls and small accidents. In other words, training briefs.

When I found them, I pulled them on instead of my regular underwear, because I felt like I couldn't control myself and if it happened again I didn't want there to be any way for anyone to know or find out about it. Once I finished getting dressed, I put on a different pair of shoes and went back outside intending to resume playing in the car. When I opened the car door, however, I found that there was a baseball sized wet pee stain on the driver's seat from where my accident began.

I was so devastated and disgusted and angry at myself that I slammed the car door and walked off to find something else to do. I never played in the Datsun again.

*002*2020-06-09 12:31

{{2 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

That sounds like quite a trauma. There really is nothing to be ashamed about though. Lots of children get so engrossed in playing that accidents happen. It really is ok and more common that you realise.

}}

At the time it was traumatic, but nothing was ever said about it, so not as humiliating as it could have been. Back then, of course I was ashamed, but now I look back on it with fond memories.

