On a RollerCoaster

Author: fury85

*000*2016-03-01 01:17

Between the ages of 7 and 10 my perception of how long I could “hold it” wrote some checks that my bladder could not cash. Most of the time this over estimation of my bladder control ended with me running to the bathroom suffering a small leak or at most a small wet patch on my pants. Though there were a handful of times that it was much worse than that. The following is one of those times.

I was about 8 at the time when my family went to Valleyfair. When we got there we rode a few rides and ate lunch where I course had a few drinks, free refills at an amusement park is just a recipe for disaster. After lunch we got in line for the new roller coaster at the park The Wild Thing, (little back story on the wild thing, 200 ft. drop must be somewhere around 70 degree incline, you go weightless for a while as it goes down, needless to say I was scared just thinking about it) as I stood in line I began to notice that I had to go to the bathroom, this wouldn't normally be a problem but it was a new ride and the line was very long, so I would have to wait awhile before I could even get on the ride not to mention go to the bathroom. As the line wound on so did my need to go.

We stood in line for over an hour as my need to go got worse and worse. When we finally got to the front of the line and were getting ready to get on I had to go very badly, enough that I was uncomfortable and fidgeting around a lot. I was so excited for the ride though that I would not even consider leaving the line to go to the bathroom after all 8 years old don’t wet their pants. I got on the ride and they did the whole safety check where they press down on the lap bar which goes directly on your bladder. In my state this was a little bit of a problem, as they pushed down on my lap bar I nearly lost control. Luckily for me and also the ride attendant I was able to keep most of it in, only letting out a little spurt.

Enough to wet my boxers but not enough wet my pants. I was pretty nervous as the ride started and with the new found wetness in my shorts I was having some doubts as to my ability to make it through the ride and find a bathroom. As the ride left the loading area and started its way up the hill, my heart was racing, I was terrified, I lost concentration on my need to go and started leaking into my pants. If I could have stopped the ride right then I would have. I was able to get myself back under control but not before a wet patch had appeared on my crotch, big enough that I could not cover it with my hands. My heart sank, even if I was able to make though the rest of the ride and find a bathroom, I had still wet my pants enough already that I would surely be found out. I wanted to cry, my mind was turning with ideas as to how I could explain it, how could I hid it. I was consumed with my worry over my wet pants I almost forgot where I was until we reached the top of the hill.

As we went over the hill I looked down (big mistake) my terror level went through the roof and my pants paid the price. Without knowing I started peeing my pants right then and there. Not a leak like before but actually wetting my pants, as I got to the bottom of the hill I realized what I was doing and quickly stopped myself with both hands. I looked at my pants and couldn't see anything more than what I had already done so I was very relieved. I still in my childish mind thought that I could somehow get away with what I done. The ride turned and darted as it wound through corners and hills still terrified of the ride I did not make it through them without rewarming my pants with a little spurt every now and then.

When the ride was done and pulling into the loading area I looked down at my pants and saw that my accident still did not show much more than it had before, a fresh wet patch in the crotch of my pants big enough that I could not cover it. I shifted uneasily in my seat my heart still racing and my mind turning not knowing if I would be found out by my family for wetting my pants at 8 years old. As I got off the ride I realized I had been sitting in a puddle, I looked back in terror at the seat and could see that I had indeed left a puddle in the plastic seat I had been sitting in. It was at this time that I could feel that my pants were sticking to the backs of my legs and butt.

I was mortified and on the verge of tears as I stared at the seat. My eyes wondered to the person who was waiting to get on the ride as they stared at the seat and then at me, and then my pants. It was as if time stood still, I was frozen I couldn’t move. My Mom came and grabbed me by the arm; I turned to look at her as tears starting to roll down my face. With a concerned look on her face she asked “did you have an accident?” I burst into tears as I shook my head yes. As I walked away a young attractive ride attendant walked up with a towel and cleaner. As I passed her still crying my eyes out she looked at me and said its okay you’re not the first one.

Still crying my Mom led me away from the ride, as we departed I could hear the laughter and comments as to my accident. My Mom asked me if I still needed to go, unable to speak I again nodded my head yes so she led me though the park trying to find me a bathroom I could finish up in, but I was a wreck. I cried the entire time we walked through the park, only drawing more attention to myself and my wet pants. It was obvious to anyone who so much as glanced at me what I done. The worst part was I did still need to go. Even though I emptied close to half my bladder on the ride, I still needed to pee and badly. My Mom found a map of the park and stopped to look for where the closest bathroom was.

As she searched I continued to cry a little all the while my bladder screamed to be let loose, I started to do a little potty dance like a 3 year old. As Mom looked for a bathroom and I danced my mind started to wonder, here I was an 8 year old crying and doing a potty dance in his already wet pants while his mom led him around in search of a bathroom that he obviously didn’t make it to. Between the crying the wet pants and the desperate need to go; it was too much. I wet my pants standing next to my mom. She must have heard the patter on the ground because she looked over at me as I stood there peeing myself. I didn’t even try to stop it as she led me away out to the parking lot where he had parked the car.

Once we arrived at the car my mom stripped off my pants and boxers which were soaked, and cleaned me with a towel she had in the car. I just cried and kept apologizing and saying I didn’t mean too. My mom was very understanding and said she knew it was an accident and that it was okay. She put me in a swim suit she had brought for the water park and led me back to into the park, saying accidents happen but we are not going to let it ruin our day.

*002*2016-03-01 17:10

Thanks, for the for the advise, The format shifted when I copied it over. I should have reworked it.

