Last Night Hold and "Measure"

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2016-10-29 15:14

Last night I was working on my writing, and I like to have a full bladder for that, so I hadn't been to the restroom since before dinner. I'd been feeling my bladder for hours, but not urgently until around 8pm, when a cute soldier started texting me. He really had to go, and sent me some video clips telling me how bad he had to pee and pics of him holding himself, etc. Really turned me on, and made my own need to pee even stronger. The fact that I was already writing watersports scenes didn't help things, either. Cute soldier began begging me to let him use the toilet, and of course I told him absolutely not, cute guys don't pee in toilets.

At this point, I had to lay down, on my side, to make myself more comfortable. I was quite full, but thanks to cute soldier, I was also quite horny.

I told him he could pee, in his pants. He was wearing a pull up, too, a Goodnites, actually, but he'd already leaked quite a lot. It was already saturated, and he had wet patches on both sides of his crotch, on his jeans. Very sexy. I was already quite wet myself, for a different reason than his, my juices leaked right through my drawers and pjs bottoms and I had a wet patch. He sent me another video of him trying so hard not to piss himself, yet the wet patches were growing, running down his legs, and my bladder cramped and I peed a little, too. In all my horniness, and interest in his plight, I'd forgotten how badly I needed to piss. I asked for some cock pics (yeah, sometimes I can really dig those, depending on how they're taken; I like to see body, too, and preferably face), and he sent them, and yeah, he's gifted :) I tried to rub myself in hopes of getting beyond the desperation, but his subsequent videos of losing it made that impossible, I had to piss first.

I'd already decided I didn't want to pee my pants, I'd just finished all my laundry. But, I was curious to see how much I was holding on to. I'd had a lot of caffeine, and didn't know if that was just making the desperation worse than it really was. I had leaked two more times, that's how badly I needed to go. I took my 24oz coffee cup from earlier, squatted over it, and just let it flow. Really needed that. I stood up, and peed a little more, by the time I was done, it was about a quarter of an inch from the top, almost three cups of piss. A lot, but not a personal record, just a little more than I'd usually hang on to, so I guess the caffeine was talking.

The relief was so great I got even more turned on by it. I climbed into bed in my wet-spotted pj pants, and very wet drawers and jilled off to a very powerful orgasm. Two different kinds of relief I'd needed very badly, and I was drained. Fell right to sleep after that.

