Random hold!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2017-07-31 20:22

Hi guys,

I usually hold for as long as possible if I'm near a toilet, and thought I'd do just that last night.

I was wearing denim shorts and a black t-shirt, and at night I have a shower before bed, so I drank water and faffed around on my phone and just lazing around as I knew Monday (Today) would be busy. So, I decided I would hold until it was desperate, and then go slowly and leisurely about my pre-sleep routine.

I was fidgeting non-stop, and it seemed about time to get ready for bed, so I went to the bathroom. First, I was thirsty because it's really hot here, but I had drank all of my water, so I went to fill it up, which made me need to slam my legs together and stand with one foot on the other.

$$

Just shadow there by the way!

I could feel I needed to go and each site of the toilet made my bladder spasm. So I filled up the bottle, and then drank a bit of water and refilled it, which caused the first spasm and the tiny most pathetic leak.

Then, my need almost completely died down! Which was dissapointing, so, I resolved, normally I would brush my teeth and wash my face in the shower at night, but I do so in the sink in the morning, and not wanting to have a full wetting as to avoid suspicion, I decided to brush my teeth. This helped to slowly build up the urgency again, and my bladder twinged and let a few more drops out, but nothing was showing on my clothes. I have this weird colgate toothpaste that is grey but turns blue, I felt the need to clarify that...

Anyway, I finished my teeth and then washed my face. That did it, I was rinsing my face when a longer leak happened, I had facewash in my eyes and was trying to grab myself with one hand and wash off my face with the other. I finally got done and turned round, but then my bladder spasmed hard and let out quite a long spurt. I regained control and took a picture, then jumped into the shower :)

$$

On tiptoes from the desperation haha!

Hope this was a nice read!

EQ

*002*2017-07-31 20:35

{{24 minutes ago, Titans265 said:

Ohh more details pls

}}

Haha there's not much more to say! just a bit of omo before going to sleep lol

