Hold and wetting in basketball shorts - pics

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2017-07-30 11:18

Hi everyone.

I had some shorts that need a wash last night, and thought that with my pre-bed shower I could hold and see what happened. They're dark blue/navy basketball shorts that are actually guys but I am not spending extra money to get something just for women so, they're quite long on me haha.

I decided to do this last night, and I was wearing denim shorts, whilst I ate my dinner and watched the first half of the season 6 finale of game of thrones (I'm a bit behind okay?). I also finished off 750ml of nestea zero. Before starting to drink I was around a 2 on the desperation scale, and really wanted to get changed. I was full in my stomach with liquid, but it wasn't hitting my bladder yet. I got up and got changed into the basketball shorts, then filled up a bottle of water. I drank half, 425ml, then filled up the bottle again which is 850ml, and drank it for the other 30 minutes of the programme.

I had to go quite noticeably now, but got caught up in the suspense of the show, and then realised that I had 10 minutes to down just over half of the bottle, so I did it right then. My stomach was really full of liquid, and when the show ended, I was really distracted by my quickly growing need. I was going to wash up, but I completely forgot to do so, I was so focused on my bladder.

It started off feeling internal, pushing against the walls of my bladder, telling me I needed to go urgently, which is always a nice desperation, means you're well hydrated haha. I spoke to a few people from this site about it, but also tried to distract myself. After a good while, I was rocking all over the place and crossing my legs, sat on my bed. I coudn't find a comfortable position to sit in now, which meant that I really really needed to go.

My housemate went to the toilet which allowed me some relief as I knew I could wait until he finished, so he wouldn't be holding me up later! Anyway, I continued to distract myself until I was practically kneeling on my bed with one hand between my legs at all times, rocking and bouncing around. I realised then I'd probably held too long for my preperation, which is making sure the desperation hits me when I am already set up to take photos, and also to test the camera, which I didn't, so I didn't know the flash would come out pink due to my temporary phone case!!

Anyway. I reached the point where I coudn't type anymore or concentrate on anything. I suddenly felt like I was about to lose it right then and there, I stopped moving and had both hands between my legs, I could feel my bladder ready to let go and the pee pushing to come out. I was honestly so desperate. When that wave passed I went and picked up my pyjamas that I would put on after the shower, grabbed my phone and darted into the bathroom.

I shut the door and had to cross my legs tight and hold myself with both hands. I gingerly removed one of them to shakily slide the lock accross, and then had to hold myself again as my bladder spasmed violently and some leaked out. I normally take a picture pre-leakage to show the desperation, but I took this as I regained control from the first leak. I was shaking and needing to go really badly and had my hand clenched at my side, holding my breath.

$$

I also normally put my pyjamas on the closed toilet lid but this time I just chucked them on the floor ready for wearing later haha!

Anyway, I jumped into the shower/tub, my housemate had put the shower head up really High, so I one handed grabbed it and got it down which is no easy feat for me normally, let alone with a bulging bladder that didn't want to be stretched. I turned on the water so my housemate couldn't hear what I was up to, and rested it so that it ran away from me and my clothes.

I stood holding on to myself for a while, but my heavy bladder couldn't take it. One spasm pushed out a huge stream that completely soaked my left leg and some of the right$$

Then after that I managed to stop it, until another spasm forced out some more, wetting more of my right le

$$

Sorry about the pink by the way, as said before, phone case issues!

I managed to hold on a bit after that, just standing there, shaking, but then a spasm pushed a lot more out

$$

Which just grew and grew until I finally regained control

$$

After this the urge subsided a while, and I decided to brush my teeth, which I enjoy doing in the shower for some reason. I was fine to start with, just waiting for the next lot to come. Soon I had to cross one leg behind the other, as my bladder spasmed this time and constantly spasmed as a leak grew into a constant stream, which I continued brushing my teeth for. This is the start of the stream:

$$

Then it just got worse and worse:

$$

The stream turned into full force now and I was unable to fight to hold it anymore, with streams coming out of one or both legs of the shorts

$$

I instinctively stood my legs apart as I completely and utterly lost control

$$

It was gushing out so fast it even started to fall directly out from my crotch

$$$$

I eventually finished and it tapered off, leaving me with completely soaked shorts

$$

Of course, the shower water had hidden any and all evidence, and I quickly took off my sopping shorts and placed them (so as not to squelch) onto the floor of the tub and rinsed them off whilst I showered. I had to pee again whilst showering so I did so, then I got out and nobody was any the wiser, feeling quite relieved.

I put on my pyjamas and within 40 minutes I was desperate again, so I relieved myself still quite shaken from the adventure!

I fell asleep with my door open which isn't something I meant to do, so when my housemate came home at 2am he woke me up asking why are you asleep with the door open, I was like what I don't know what's going on, then I went to fill up my waterbottle as I was really thirsty, shut my door and collapsed back into a sleep.

At 4 I woke with a panic of absolutely having to pee right then and there, so I held myself quickly and jumped up and then peed full force into the toilet, and went back to sleep until 10am. I still haven't been and it's 13:30 hehe!

Anyway, hope you enjoyed it, sorry for the pink tinge, next time with plan accordingly!

EQ

$$

$$

*002*2017-07-30 15:54

{{4 hours ago, Omodeprived said:

You know, with the shorts being black the pink tint propably made everything more visible, lol.

Thanks!

}}

Haha, I don't know it was a good material to wet in so it showed up pretty well!

*005*2017-07-31 19:06

{{On 7/30/2017 at 5:30 PM, neilscotland said:

Thank you Equusquagga for the pics and the great description of how you felt at each stage.

}}

Glad you enjoyed it! I love writing it out

{{On 7/30/2017 at 6:50 PM, Pwngamer94 said:

Great story, wish we could have more people discribe it in details like you did

}}

Thanks, I love a great description so that's what I aim for when I post :)

*008*2017-08-01 22:04

{{16 hours ago, Dunney said:

Great pics, pink or not.

}}

Thank you, hopefully next time no unnecessary pink!

{{12 hours ago, Coinín Beag said:

Thanks for posting. Those descriptions are wonderful.

}}

You're welcome! I love a good description :)

*011*2017-08-05 17:17

{{On 8/2/2017 at 0:23 AM, Filled to the said:

Thank you for the story coupled with the pictures and worries about the pink !

}}

Haha no problem

{{On 8/3/2017 at 11:23 PM, New_Macca said:

Even by your standards this is an amazing description and the pictures are brilliant even though pink. Think we are all greatful that you shared with us all

}}

Haha! You're too kind!

