Peed in uber car

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-12-24 18:11

I thought it would be a good idea to drink 2 40oz of malt liquor and a few shots of jack Daniels because I like to calibrate the holidays. I was in Pasadena, my home down, I went to a bar and I ordered a pitcher of beer and drunk it all on my own because one of friends tempted me. the pitcher had to have been 32 ounces of beer. I was over the day so I called uber so It can take me back to Anaheim. it took 45 minutes for her to get to me and my bladder filled up when I was waiting. When she got to me I entered the car and we headed to my city. when we got to the 605 I told her I needed to use the bathroom really bad and i dont know how long I can hold it. she asked me how much had to drink I told her two 40s and a pitcher. my small bladder filled up rapidly that I started tearing up. I asked my uber driver to pull over and I told her Im about to wet myself. She said the exit was 3 minutes away and she asked me if I can hold it until we get to a gas station. I said no.

All of a sudden she pores her soda cup out of the window and gives it to me and tells me to pee in it. When I tried to get my penis out I could hold it and I started peeing in my pants in the uber car. I couldn't control it and I literally soaked her back car seat, I started crying a lot. I was so embarrassed, that i wet myself. She was mad, but she said its okay it happens and laughs. when she dropped my off my bladder was full again and I wanted to make it to my bathroom. I didnt and lost control and I peed on myself a second time infront of my door. A few weeks later I went to go out with hang out with my best friend and she is a jerk, but i known her for 20 years when we here kids. turns out that uber driver is her cousin, she told her about me peeing myself in the car multiple times & crying. ugh my best friend knows about my small bladder and makes fun of me... she wants to make fun of my bladder, ima say you to tall and no one wants you. we joke around like that.

*004*2017-12-27 20:59

@wetchoirpants

I known her all my life she seen it happen a lot so she use to it, she even remember when I use to wet the bed and still jokes about it lol.

