Daring and sneaky work wetting

Author: BENAir01

*000*2022-01-28 03:26

I had an exhilarating and very enjoyable wetting experience today, and thought I would share. It involved an on a whim decision to wet myself on a day and in a situation where I probably shouldn’t have, and in a very sneaky and exciting way. For reference, I’m a guy in my very early twenties, about 5’7 and 140 lbs. I work for the most part in an office but today had to do some field work, so I was outside in the heart of my city gathering traffic data this morning from 6:30 to 9:00. I walked from my apartment, with the plan to walk back to my car after 9:00 and drive Into the office.

It was extremely cold today, so to combat the cold while I was outside, I wore six layers on top, and maybe more importantly, five layers in the bottom. Above my underwear (red boxer briefs), I put on two pairs of long John style pants, the bottoms more like a cotton children’s pajama pant and the top more of a felt ski legging style. Above that I wore some salmon colored shorts (I needed pockets) and finally dark green thick sweatpants to top it off.

I drank my bottle of water slowly through the morning, and as it was getting close to the end of my shift I noticed a strong need to pee. I wasn’t by any means super desperate, but it was noticeable and beginning to get uncomfortable. The site I was at was right next to a sort of shopping center with like three stores. At the end of my shift, I went into the lobby to pack up and gather my stuff. I had been debating whether to try and hold it until work, but figured I would try to find a bathroom here. The two stores next to me were a cafeteria and an REI, which is like an outdoor sports store. Unfortunately neither were open. I found some security guards but they said there were no public bathrooms.

So, I decided to make my way to my car, about a 20 minute walk, and drive to work, about a 20 minute drive, but couldn’t escape the simple thought in my head. “You’re wearing five layers down there, Ben.” It said. “No one would know if you peed yourself.”

I crossed a busy street into the neighborhood and I was walking, i stopped to “check my phone”. As I did so, I relaxed and felt a burst of warmth enter my underwear, going around my balls and instantly alleviating the cold. I was hooked. As I walked, I pushed. I began to fall into a rhythm of counting seven strides, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and pushing the whole time. Pee would stream out slowly while my foot on the same side as my penis was back, and as that foot stepped forward, the stream would slow to a mere trickle.

I stopped a few times as well to just relax and give myself, say, five or ten seconds to relax and let whatever happened happen. Because of all the bulk my pee stream never went full force.

I checked myself throughout the walk to make sure nothing was coming through to my sweatpants. There was a little bit midway through my walk, but it was covered by my jacket.

By the time I was nearing the end of my walk, I felt as if my bladder had emptied 50-70%, but more importantly, it was the urgent half. My bladder felt calm and, while not empty, barely alerting me to anything. I decided I would stop and half the rest to work.

However, as I got to my car and turned it on to let it start warming up, the excitement was just too much. I pushed out a few nice long squeezed and then relaxed, letting my bladder empty on its own accord for a bit, then stopped, then started again. After a few minutes, my bladder was completely empty. I had fully wet myself, and was about to go to the office.

I went to the bathroom again when I got to work and this time spent some time checking out the damage. My sweatpants looked completely dry, while my shorts were soaked and almost completely color changed. I spent the whole day at work in my wet clothes, though aside from small squirts here and there, did not add to the wetness, choosing instead to use the toilets. I did, however, drink more then usual throughout the day. It wasn’t planned, I was just extra thirsty.

I had to go back to the job site from 3:30 to 6:00, and despite peeing before leaving, realized during my drive over that I had to go again. I parked right near the job site this time, and it didn’t take long for me to decide that I would be wetting again. I never let myself get that full, but I went through 15-30 minute cycles of pushing out/relaxing here and there, In rather large and daring squirts, until my bladder was empty, refilling on water, and starting again. Towards the end, some droplets became visible below my knee on my sweatpants, but it would not have been noticeable as pee. I mean, who pees from their knee?

The kicker of this all was I wasn’t off the hook after my shift. I had to rush to a social group I’m part of for a meeting, and then I was hosting a social event that evening. When I decided to wet myself at the beginning, this was both a reason to do it and a reason to not. I didn’t even up wetting any more during this social event, but it was exciting and nerve racking ti be in a group of some of my best friends and some people I barely know, eating dinner and chatting and playing games, with 12 hour old and multiple times wet pants on. I quickly realized that there was definitely a smell, so I’m just hoping that no one smelled it, and if they did couldn’t tell what the smell was, and if they could, couldn’t figure out who it was.

I finally made it back to my apartment and took a glorious shower. What a day it has been, full of excitement, fear, lack of self control, and craziness. I think I’m most impressed with how well my shirts contained wetness and how well the thick sweatpants kept from changing color and remained dry on the outside. It was a great experience, and I hope you all enjoyed it!

*002*2022-01-28 12:08

{{7 hours ago, MantyhoseSocks said:

That sounds like a fantastic day you had! Thank you for sharing. This definitely has me tempted to wear some more layers and see if I can only wet the bottom ones to go about my day without anyone noticing.

}}

Thank you! It was amazing!

*006*2022-01-28 23:21

{{3 hours ago, wetskipants said:

That is seriously daring. Must have felt exhilarating. I would have been so worried about someone picking up the smell.

Weren't you very hot with all those layers when you were indoors? You couldn't exactly remove any given what happened.

}}

Yeah, I was a bit hot once in doors. My legs weren’t, and in today I was able to remove a sweater or two.

