Chronicles Of My Small-bladdered Wife

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-11-25 08:46

I've got a ton of smaller sightings with my wife that I want to get written down, and I'm going to devote this thread to them.

I'm going to start off with something that just happened. We just saw a movie in the theater; it's a longish movie, and we got a huge soda to share so I figured there would be at least some mild desperation since she never gets up in the middle of a movie if she is really into it.

She enough, I noticed her hand creeping to her crotch with an hour left in the movie. I was curious if she was actually holding herself, but I couldn't tell because it was too dark. I was already holding her free hand, but after a little while I reached over to hold her other hand as well. It was definitely near her pussy but she wasn't holding herself yet.

I ended up taking my hand off after a few minutes to get a drink and she inexplicably drank some more! Nothing changed for a while until about 20 minutes were left in the movie when she tightly crossed her legs. Again, it was hard to tell in the darkness, but when the screen lit up I could definitely see her hand between legs near her crotch.

Not long after, a romantic part happened so I learned over to kiss her then I reached for her hand again. I could only get the top part of her hand because the rest was buried between her legs! It still wasn't at her pussy, though. As the minutes ticked on, I could feel her legs squeezing together occasionally then her foot started tapping in mid air.

With about 5 minutes left you could tell the movie was wrapping up and the "close to a toilet" feeling must have hit her. She scooted her butt back in the chair and bent forward. I was still holding both hands and as she moved backwards in the chair, she slid the hand between her legs all the way up!

At the same time, I slid my hand farther in as well. To my amazement, I could feel her fingers kneading at her pussy! Her legs were clamping down tightly as well. She was nearing her mental limit.

While she was waiting for the movie to end so she could escape, she was getting more desperate. I could feel her shifting around in her seat while clamping her legs together, and the hand away from her legs would periodically squeeze my hand tightly while the other dug deeper in her pussy.

As soon as the credits started, she jumped up and immediately told me that she had to pee super bad, but we had to wait for the people next to us to get out. She was dancing in place, wriggling her hips as she was forced to adjust to not holding herself anymore combined with the knowledge that she was even closer to relief. It had only been a few seconds before she said "oh my God I'm dying to pee. Why won't they move!"

Once we started moving, she was walking funnily as she tried to hold back her bladder without holding herself. I'm not sure how to describe it except that it looked like she was attempting to cross her legs while speed waking. When we exited the theater I tried to talk to her about the movie, but she cut me off saying "I have to pee too bad!" then darting into the bathroom. Since it was a late showing she made it in with no incidents, but when she got out she sighed, rubbed her belly, and said "Man it feels great to pee after you've held it that long!"

*005*2016-11-26 21:50

Me too! Neither of us enjoy wetting, so it works out well. She also seems to not like holding other people up with going to the bathroom, which is also great for me.

Last night we actually went back to see the movie (Fantastic Beasts...) again with our oldest. We again got a large drink, but she wasn't crazy desperate like last night. When we left, neither me or our daughter went to the bathrooms. She went along with us, looking at the bathrooms on the way out. She reminded me that we needed to go to the store, so we stopped, which took an extra 15 minutes.

When we got home, she helped me unload the car then dashed to the toilet. She let out a huge "ahhhhh" when she sat down. Luckily I timed it - 55 seconds!

*007*2016-12-01 03:23

This evening we went pokemon hunting with the kids. Since its dark and our park doesn't have lights (plus its cold), this basically involves me driving around slowly while they play. I have a whole series of places to go and throughout the whole route there is only 1 bathroom, and we weren't even going by it today.

When we left about 6:30, I was pleasantly surprised that Jenna didn't pee first. She basically always does before we go anywhere, but I guess she just didn't feel much of a need. It had been a while since she had gone last, but I also don't think she had been drinking much. She grabbed a soda for the outing, and drank some water when we sat down in the car. We made our way to the pokemon hunting grounds and I drove around for quite a while. At one point I stopped for them to catch some of them, and saw that her legs were firmly clamped together. It had been close to an hour since we left, the soda having been drained in under 30 minutes, and the liquids had made their way to her bladder.

We circled around for a while longer, stopping periodically. Each time I stopped I took a good look at her body language; she had now moved sideways some to pull her knees up, which offered a little extra pressure on her pussy. After we'd been out for about an hour and half, they started to have problems with the internet so I pulled over to check it out. Jenna now had one foot pulled up and planted in her crotch. Jenna said "Well, I think thats a sign we need to head back", clearly ready to get home to the toilet. The kids wanted to stay to catch everything around us, though, and she gave in.

I hadn't seen her do this before, and I think there was a reason. She kept shifting around trying to find a way to make it work, before giving up. She shifted around once more, moving the foot from her pussy and crossing her legs partially. Once we drove off I could see her moving her leg back and forth, lightly massaging her pussy. The kids kept whining about having to go home, so I pulled into the parking lot of the community college, where I know there are a lot of pokemon.

When I pulled in, Jenna crossed her legs tightly and bent forward slightly for a couple seconds as her bladder protested against being delayed again. I drove around for a little while, with Jenna once again joining in the game to take her mind off of the situation below. After about 5 minutes, a whole bunch of them popped up. Jenna yelped and said "Ooh Ooh! Stop here!" Conveniently, we were right under a light, so I was able to fully watch her. She was concentrating fully on the game, but I could see her subconsciously squeezing her thighs together. Finally on the last stretch home, Jenna started squirming in anticipation, but I dashed her hopes when I pulled into the park near our house for one last stop. I wasn't expecting it, but 2 pikachu popped up on the radar about a 3-4 minute walk away. The kids went ballistic, begging to go get them. I was ready to go, and had already put the car into drive, when Jenna sighed loudly and said "OK, fine, we can go get them."

I couldn't believe it! No wasting a second, I pulled into the closest parking spot. We hadn't planned on being outside, so she didn't have a jacket. As soon as she stepped out the 45 degree air, with short sleeves and capris no less, her bladder must have spasmed because she sharply bent forward and pulled one of her legs up to get extra pressure on her peehole. She stayed like that for several seconds before I felt sorry and gave her my jacket. I was the only one with a working "flashlight" (on my phone), so I couldn't see her as we walked, but when we got to where the Pikachu were, I got an eyeful. She was shifting back and forth, bending each knee up and across her other leg in turn. We rapidly made our way back, with Jenna firmly crossing her legs the second she sat down.

As we pulled into the driveway, she already had her seatbelt off and raced ahead of the door, then reached down to grab a package. True to form, she got distracted when she opened it to find a shirt she had been waiting for. She immediately pulled off her shirt, and started trying to get the new shirt on. It went on weird, though, and I had to help her get it off. I got in a nice boob grab in the process, causing her to laugh then bend forward again.

She got the shirt on then sneezed loudly before opening her eyes wide. "I think I just peed a little!" then she started laughing. The kids, of course started giggling along with her from outside the room, before she paused then said "No, I think I actually did pee. I need to go!" and she rushed to the bathroom. I didn't have a timer running, but it was a fairly long pee for her, easily 30 seconds or more. She got up, and sighed loudly before saying "Much better!"

I noticed she didn't change her panties, so I'm not sure if nothing happened or if it wasn't enough for her to mess with changing them. She always sleeps in the nude, so if I remember tonight I'll try to check them for any evidence after she takes them off.

*008*2016-12-01 16:56

I put our clothes in the hamper before bed, so I got a chance to check them - it was almost 3 hours afterwards, but the crotch was still a bit damp! I've never known her to do this before, so she must have been really full.

ALSO - I finally found out why she never holds herself. As I've mentioned before, she was desperate to pee alot when she was a child. When it got really bad she would hold herself, but once she got older her mom told her she couldn't do that anymore so she figured out ways to hold it without using her hands.

*010*2016-12-02 03:22

That's what is odd, though - she wasn't particularly close to her limits. As best I can tell, a whole lot of it is mental for her. She obviously has a small bladder, but I guess she just ignores it if she doesn't have a way to pee. Once she decides she has nowhere to pee she seems to last forever, but when she gets close to the toilet her desperation spikes. I think that the repeated times of thinking we were close to home, then delaying it further, got to her. When she's near her limit, she bolts to the toilet no matter what, but when she's just desperate she can get sidetracked easily like last night. She'll temporarily forget about peeing, which also translates into occasionally leaking.

While she put on a good display, and peed for ~30 seconds, it was a fairly week stream. That was still a lot for her, but nothing compared to what I've seen her hold. For comparison, there was a truly epic hold she did this past Sunday that I'm going to post soon. I'm not going to spoil it, but she peed harder than she did last night and for over twice as long. She was probably holding 3 times what she held last night, and she still didn't leak at all.

*012*2016-12-05 03:34

While the town we live in is decent sized, its a little off the beaten path, so we do a lot of driving. As a result, a whole lot of the desperation I've seen from her is as a result of road trips. Here's a quick account of one of the times she's been desperate on the road.

We had a day-trip planned to a larger city a couple hours away. Normally we stop at the halfway point as there is a gas station with clean toilets there, and that's normally when she needs to pee. On this occasion, it took forever to get everyone rounded up in the car and in the chaos Jenna managed to forget to pee on the way out. We'd been on the road for about 5 minutes when things calmed down enough for her to relax. Suddenly I heard her say "Oh no!". I asked her what was wrong, and she told me that she had forgotten to pee. Normally, I'm supportive of her toilet breaks, but I actually got a little irritated this time. We'd already taken forever to leave, so there was no way I was turning around.

The problem is that it was another 10-15 minutes to the next place we could stop at. I told her it would be at least 10 minutes, and she got really worried. She didn't way anything, but I could tell she was getting desperate by her leg movements. She was jiggling them, then moved to cross them tightly. It ended up taking a little over 15 minutes, and as we exited the highway and saw that it was just a small semi-run-down gas station she said "Oh damn, I really hope their bathroom isn't nasty." I pulled up next to the entrance and she jumped out.

As she was running in, I saw a sign on the door that said "Bathrooms for customers only" so I was interested to see how this played out. I was ready to go in to buy something if she ran into a problem, but I didn't need to go in after all. She stopped at the cashier by the entrance, and was literally bouncing in place as she asked the cashier where the toilets were. I'm not sure what was said because I was outside, but it must have been something about them only being for customers. I saw her bend over and wave her hand frantically in the air before the cashier handed her a key and pointed to the back of the building. She was running into the room as I entered so I missed the beginning of her stream, but it was very powerful and lasted for another 20+ seconds after I first heard it.

*014*2017-01-26 21:48

I've been busy and totally neglected posting here, but there's been a lot of good desperation over the past couple months, not to mention all of the older ones! I already posted one here $$ and I'm hoping to have more of them up soon.

Also, I this weekend I found out the reason I never see her really hold herself - she said when she really has to pee she gets super sensitive. Apparently if she holds herself, the extra stimulation makes her need to pee even worse. Thinking back on it, the few times I've seen her put her hands down there, it was a fist and it was pressing above her pussy, more around her pubic bone. I'm not entirely sure what that accomplishes, but oh well.

Knowing that, my memory from the theater may have been off. While I thought at the time it was her pussy, I think it must have been that same area. With her legs crossed, and through jeans, it was hard to tell for sure and I guess my mind just ran with it. Probably doesn't make much difference, but I like to maintain accuracy in stuff I post as "real".

*016*2017-02-16 18:41

Here’s a time from several years ago when Jenna got seriously caught out by a traffic jam.

At the time, her ex lived about 2 hours away, so every other weekend we would drive the 2 hours each direction on Friday, then again on Sunday. It was pretty miserable, but we would try to work other things into the weekends to make better use of the drive time. This particular weekend we decided to go to another town to visit some friends. Instead of meeting at his house at 7 like normal, we were going to meet at his work at 5 when he got off. He worked at the far end of the large city he lived in, so we left at 2 to get there in time since we would inevitably run into traffic.

We stopped at our normal place a little over an hour into the drive for a bathroom break, with Jenna getting a large soda and a water bottle for us to share, then continued onward. As I anticipated, we ran into traffic, and eventually got to where he worked about 5. Of course, he wasn’t out yet, so we waited in the parking lot. The kids wanted to get something to drink, but we were in the middle of a warehouse district and there was nothing around. As we waited, Jenna started getting more irritated. She was complaining about everything - how he was late, how there wasn’t anything around, and what was there was so nasty she didn’t want to go inside. I figured she was just impatient and irritated, so I didn’t think anything of it.

He finally came out, they talked for a while, then Jenna offered to drive. I normally prefer to drive, but I took her up on it since there was still a lot of driving ahead of us. I told her that I wanted to make it to the outskirts of the city, which should be about 30 minutes, then we could stop, get something to eat, and I’d drive the rest of the way. She thought for a second then said something like “OK, I can make it that long I guess.” Thinking she was talking about not wanting to drive any longer, I explained that this was a really badly designed highway and there weren’t any good places to stop and it was difficult to even enter and exit the highway. Having lived nearby before and knowing the route, she agreed and continued on in silence.

About 10 minutes later, the GPS told me to take a different highway than normal. It was way out of the way; I had just started using a new program, so I assumed its routing was just off and ignored it. We ran into the normal rush-hour traffic, and the 30 minutes extended out to 45 before we finally saw a sign for our exit in 3 miles. Jasmine was very excited that we were close and shifted around some in her seat. I’m not sure why I wasn’t thinking of anything at this point, because it had been over 3 hours since she peed last and she’d drunk a large soda and was sipping water. In hindsight it was obvious she really had to pee.

Just as she was getting ready for the stop, it got yanked away from her. Cresting a hill, we saw a sea of tail lights. We ground to a near stop and crawled ahead for another 5 minutes. This was near a junction of 2 massive interstate highways, so we thought it was just normal traffic until we came to a complete stop. I pulled up a traffic map, and there was a major wreck ahead. I looked around for any way to get off the highway, but we had just passed an exit when the traffic hit. After 5 more minutes of barely moving, I started looking for any alternative. There was a guard rail all along the highway, but there was a small gap. I could have wound my way through it and gone the wrong way on an entrance ramp for about 100 feet to get to another road, but there was no way I could direct Jenna on how to do that so I left it alone.

Still oblivious, Jenna dropped a bombshell! She took a sip from the water bottle, then bent forward sharply and squeezed her legs tightly together before calmly saying “I don’t know why I keep sipping water when I’m already dying to pee….”

Suddenly my mind ran through the past hour - she had needed to pee even before we got to her ex’s work! The comments about the nasty stores, the impatience about not having any restaurants, the mention of her being able to make it 30 mintutes - all of it added up to her way of venting about needing to pee. That had started almost 2 hours prior, and who knows how much longer we had to wait!

We inched forward with no more mention of her bladder until about 10 minutes later when she again bent forward and squeezed her legs together and she asked how much longer. From what I could tell it was about another mile, but who knows how long that was going to take. She didn’t like that and again said how bad she had to pee. Not long after she again groaned loudly and crossed her legs tightly, only moving them back once we started moving again. Feeling bad for her, I asked if she wanted to switch so I could drive. She thought for a second, then told me “I don’t think I can, its too much movement. I will almost certainly pee myself. Its killing me, but I can still hold it in this position.”

Soon after, we crested a hill and saw what was going on. There was a major wreck involving a tractor trailer and several cars. The whole center divider was destroyed with cars on both sides of the highway. Both directions - 4 lanes on each side - were being diverted into a single lane while they cleaned up the mess. We could at least tell how far we had to go - it looked like less than a half mile- but it was probably still going to be another 15 minutes. I pointed out how we were getting close, while Jenna wailed about her bladder exploding before we got there. We creeped along for another 5 minutes with Jenna hunched forward to relieve the pressure on her bladder when something amazing happened.

What happened next sounds like something out of a fantasy, but I swear it is true. At this point, we were under a bridge. The outsides of the highway had concrete barriers, but the center consisted of metal posts with high-tension wires. They work great for stopping cars, but obviously not so much for the tractor trailer that rolled ahead of us. They also allow a clean view of the other side of the highway. As we inched forward, I noticed a car on the other side was going much faster than normal.

I assumed they were just running late when they pulled off on the median. They came skidding to a stop next to one of the bridge pylons, not 30 feet from where we were, and a man jumped out of the car and stopped next to one of the pylons. I couldn’t see anything directly, but it was super-obvious that he was peeing on the side of the pylon. Jenna looked over and audibly gasped before sharply crossing her legs and focusing her gaze on the road. It took her a few seconds to compose herself before she laughed nervously then exclaimed “That fucker! I would do anything to be able to pee right now, and here he is just whipping his dick out!”

As if on queue, a 2nd car pulled up behind the other one. A woman who looked to be in her mid-30’s jumped out of the car. She stood in place, not even attempting to hide behind a pylon, as she yanked her dress above her waist. She was wearing Spanx under her dress and was trying frantically to get them down. The poor woman was practically running in place while fighting her undergarments before she finally peeled them down below her crotch. She was already peeing full force as she dropped to a squat. She must have lost control as soon as she jumped out of the car because a pool of urine poured out as she worked her underwear further down. As if the spray of urine shooting onto the ground wasn’t evidence enough of how much she held, she had he head tilted back and mouth wide open while she rubbed her abdomen slowly.

It was almost too much for Jenna - the sight of a woman peeing out in the open right next to her must have caused her bladder to spasm sharply. She grunted and bent forward sharply while knotting her legs even further. She continued onward with traffic as we neared the wreck site. Traffic was getting more difficult to navigate as everyone was merging into one lane and every time she had to make a sudden movement Jenna would breathe in sharply. She was nearly panting as we finally cleared the accident site, and promptly floored it. We got up to at least 100 MPH as she raced to the first available exit. Not far ahead she saw a sign for a fast-food restaurant and she quickly exited and pulled into the parking lot, all the while chanting “Gotta pee, gotta pee….”

Stopping directly in front of the door, taking up most of a wheelchair spot, she jumped out and sprinted inside. She leaped into the restroom and I immediately heard her pee splattering in the toilet. I went into the Men’s and rapidly rubbed one out (in about 5 seconds), peed for quite a while, washed my hands, and exited only to hear her still peeing! I didn’t time it, but it was probably close to a minute and a half since she first started when she finally stopped. When she came out, she sighed loudly before telling me that that was probably the most she had ever peed in her life.

*018*2017-03-20 18:30

I know! I've wondered if it will ever happen, but based on her past I think it is highly unlikely she will pee herself purely because she had to hold on too long. If it ever does happen, it will because she'd prepared herself to start peeing and something happened. If she starts peeing and has to stop for any reason its a matter of seconds before it starts coming out on its own (according to her). The biggest example is the time from one of my first posts - we were out hiking and she was dying to pee when she ducked off the side of the trail. She started peeing and had to stop - twice - when I heard something.

The second time she was fully peeing and it took her at least a second to stop after she pulled her pants back up. She later told me that she could feel it starting to come out and she was about to totally pee herself, but I wonder if that is actually true. She had previously told me she absolutely couldn't stop once she started because it hurt too much yet she did stop this time. I guess it comes down to how important it is to her that she stop peeing as to whether the pain is worth it. I still have fantasies thinking about what would have happened if there actually was someone coming and she had to stop.

The more common occurrence is when she's at a toilet (or will be in the next 15 seconds) she loses most of her ability to hold it and it doesn't take much to cause a squirt in her panties. There's been several times when she was racing to the bathroom and I slowed her down (either being playful, or just going up to give her a kiss when she got home) and she squirted in her panties.In fact, this happened over the weekend.

I suspected she needed to go because we'd been out for a while, but she made no mention of it. Sometimes she'll play around with me and talk about how she needs to pee because she knows I like it, but only when she's in a good mood. We were worn out and ready to get home, so that didn't happen. Normally if she's really bursting she'll say something anyway, but I've noticed that if we're close to home she basically never says anything.

I passed our normal turn to instead go to the community mailbox and she initially looked surprised until she realized what I was doing. She shifted in her seat some, but seemed fine when she got out to check the mail. As soon as we stopped in our driveway she hopped out, then inexplicably stopped to look at something in the yard (gotta love ADHD!) I unlocked the front door then joined her. She was looking at some of her flowers and was excited that they were starting to sprout and spent at least 2 minutes looking at them. Suddenly she stopped straightened upright and hurried to the door. She was shifting her weight and I heard her whisper to herself “ooooh, gotta pee”. I made a comment that for someone that had to pee badly, she sure was wasting a lot of time. She snapped back that it was urgent and to hurry up. I proceed to open the door and turned to make a comment to her but instead she tried to dart past me.

There was plenty of room, but in her haste she bumped into me rather hard then yelled at me "Great! I just peed my pants!" It was only another 40 feet to the toilet, but as she shuffled along the floor, she muttered "and still am...." before dropping on the toilet and releasing the pent up contents of her bladder. I commonly stand at the door to the toilet (which is in its own small room, and never has the door closed) even when she’s not desperate just to keep up the conversation, but I always try to watch when she’s this bursting to see how she reacts to finally peeing.

I came up to the door as I saw her dropping on the toilet and when she looked up there was a look of exquisite relief on her face before she let out a long, deep sigh. She sat motionless as urine continued spraying outwards until about 30 seconds later when she looked up at me and said “Damn, that’s a lot of pee!” It kept on going before gradually slowing down, though she kept a constant stream going for a little over 1 minute from the time she started.

