Witnessed Accident

Author: BlueWetter

*000*2018-07-05 20:07

Hi everyone! It's been awhile since my last post.. Sorry

The person who had the accident, from my best guess, is in her mid-to-late twenties.

So, this happened about three hours ago.. This is a 100% true story.. I witnessed this happen and had no contact with the person in question.. I find myself wondering about the events that led up to this occurring.. only she will know..

I was taking a small road trip today, and stopped at a Pilot truck stop for a drink and a few snacks. I went inside of the store and nothing was out of the ordinary. I made my purchase, came back out to my vehicle and climbed inside it. As I was opening my snacks and getting ready to drive off, I noticed a woman in a white SUV next to my vehicle moving around quite a lot in the passenger seat. My first impression was that she just woke up..

I also noticed about her striking good looks as well.. She had beautiful dark brown hair and was wearing a black shirt. I saw her roll around in the passenger seat and then she sat still for a moment.. I thought nothing of it at this point..

What really caught my attention was after the of passenger side door flung open, and she stumbled out looking disheveled, and honestly rather groggy...

I took the opportunity to check her out, and noticed she had on some very short and sexy looking black denim shorts. I looked down towards her crotch and legs and thought they looked kind of wet.. I figured it was just the Omo side of my brain playing tricks on me..

My suspicions were confirmed, however, when she turned around.. I got quite the visual surprise..

Rising from between her legs was a quite large patch of wetness, covering it almost her entire butt.. In the center of that wet patch, there was a large brown stain and a slight bulge.. Her legs also had some brown stains on them.. I soon realized she went to the bathroom in the passenger seat of the car..

I quickly looked past her body and saw a large brown stain on the passenger seat upholstery. Apparently, she completely let go, right in her pants, while going down the road, or while the driver of the car fueling up their vehicle...

I almost could not believe what I was seeing.. A total loss of bladder and bowel control by a woman, in a car, in real life.. One of my big fantasies.. Wow, I never thought I would see it happen, but it did, not 30 feet away.. I can't make this stuff up!

I watched her as she reached into the backseat, and grabbed a small backpack, then shuffled her way inside of the fuel station. I decided to get on the road again and process what I'd just seen..

I actually feel bad for her.. Hopefully the driver of the car was understanding and kind about her accident. This did, however, slightly arouse me too.

Well, this sure will be a road trip to be remember..

