Well, that was certainly fun!

Author: Mia Moore

*000*2012-03-24 21:35

So, I've been playing a little "game" with myself. Seeing how many times a day I go to the bathroom and trying to reduce it while increasing my fluid intake. One might imagine that this is quite the experience. It's gotten rather hot out recently (weird spring we're having!!) so I actually started drinking more fluids without even thinking about it. Anyways, I normally go to the bathroom straight away when I wake up in the morning but lately I've been lying in bed and waiting it out, seeing how long I can stay there without rushing to the bathroom. The most I usually manage is two hours depending on how badly I have to go.

Lets see... today, I drank three large glasses of coke and almost an entire 2 liter of Root Beer and I haven't gone to the bathroom for a couple of hours. I can feel a slight tingle in my bladder but I'm okay for now. It excites me, wondering how long I can last like this. Been typing for awhile and it's a little hard to hold...

Anyways, I'll be lurking around here more often. I'll give you all updates on my progress. I'm going to try to restrict bathroom trips to one a day. Which is going to be tricky. I already have to pee pretty badly and I've already been to the bathroom once!

*002*2012-03-24 22:29

I am, actually pretty disciplined. Although right now, thinking I want to rush to the bathroom asap! I won't though. I'm hanging out in the IRC right now.

*004*2012-03-24 23:20

Nope, I was there, detailing the 'event'

