Bursting for a toilet

Author: Donuts are omo

*000*2015-10-11 23:03

Hey guys, This happened to me today so I thought I'd post it. Enjoy :). I was heading to work but I had a little time spare so I stopped at Starbucks and got some coffee, I got a large coffee and I headed off and drove to work. I had been sipping on it through the morning rush hour. My bladder was at a 4 when I was about to get off the highway. It took me atleast 45 minutes to get to work. I walked into to the building where I work but my boss imediatley confronted me saying, We need you imediatley 7 of our servers are down we need you to get them back up! GO NOW!!!

I wasn't about to waste anytime I quickly sat down on my computer and I was trying to find what the hell was wrong with the servers. I was constantly sipping on my coffee while I was looking at it. I decided to go look in the server room and I found the ones that were not working. I tried to log into one of them but it wasn't working. I realized they weren't even on. I tried booting them up nothing. I looked and saw the fan thingy that keeps the system cool wasn't on( tech guys out there don't judge me I don't know what the hell they are called.)

I cleaned it and the servers were running. From doing all that I didn't pay any attention to my bladder and it was at a 8 right now. I was very desperate to go relieve my self but I had to get the servers booted up. I was sitting at my computer getting the servers booted up and drinking the rest of my coffee. I realized my bladder didn't have too much long and I grabbed my crotch and I tried to stop the leaks. I was at 9 1/2 right now. I was starting to squirm a little. I finally finished booting the servers up. A wet spot appeared on my jeans and I put my fingers into my wee hole to stop it. I rushed to go use the bathrooms. We only have 4 stalls in there and all the stalls were full. My bladder was definitely about to burst, I danced around waiting and grabbing my vagina. I was at a 10 right now and I was hoping SOMEONE would finish up in the stalls.

Another person came in and after 5 minutes a person came out. The other person waiting rushed in before me but she looked like she needed a toilet a heck lot more and she was atleast 50. Hophfully she was only taking a wee but my bladder couldn't hold it anymore and my wet spot on my jeans grow bigger. Now it was noticeable. I was over a ten by now and I could barely hold it. I waited one more minute but my bladder was throbbing and I was past my limit. I could see the big patch larger on my jeans and streaks of pee go down my jeans, It felt so releiving when I was wetting but I tried everything to hold it back. I made a fist and pushed it towards my vagina but my bladder was still going full force. I rushed out of the restrooms and I asked my boss for the day off. He said yes your co worker can handle the rest. I rushed out if the building and in my car and headed home to change. END Hope you guys enjoyed! Stay omo

