Teacher Desperation

Author: ElleEnchanted

*000*2015-09-18 00:44

This was about in 7th or 8th grade...

I was sitting on my desk anxious for the bell to ring. I carefully bubbled in another answer on my answer paper. I was the only one in my row that hasn't turned in their paper and it was almost time to leave. "Children, time to finish up! You have five more minutes!" My teacher (I don't remember her name) announced. I finally bubbled the last answer and handed the exam to her. "Thank you, you can leave," she told me right when the bell rang. I walked out with my bag looking at Mrs. Johnson talking to Mr. Lee. Mrs. J was a very attracted lady. Beautiful red hair, stunning green eyes and a body structure so marvelously sculpted. She was wearing a green blouse and sky blue jeans. Mrs. Johnson had her legs crossed and kept bending down frequently. I started to grow excitement. "This should be interesting," I thought to myself.

I approached my desk and took out my science homework (I believe she was my science teacher). When the arrival bell rang she rushed into the classroom. "Good morning class," she smiled. "Good morning Mrs. Johnson," the whole class said at once. "Please take out your homework," she bent her legs. I raised my hand, "Excuse me, Mrs. Johnson? I have a question about the homework, came you come up and explain it to me?" I tried to make her come to me so I'd get a closer look at her signs. Mrs. J came to me and I made up so random question. As she was answering it, I saw she kept biting her lip and twirling her hair.

"Okay, no more questions?" She went back up to the front class. Several kids raised their hands. Luckily she choose to help Ignazio first, the kid across me. I got a good view of her bum which she bent down and touched a few times. When she finally finished helping the other pupils, she passed our test. When I looked at the paper, I had no idea what I was staring at. So I knew this would take me the majority time of the class- better yet.

I studied Mrs. J as she was on the school's land-line telephone. She casually out her hand on her crotch and muttered a few words which I couldn't make out. About fifteen minutes later, I have forgotten about the topic because Instarted to focus on my test. Then I started to listen in to her conversation. "Hm, going home. Alright. Um, can you please send a security up?" She started to whisper. "I really need to go to the bathroom,." I was able to hear it because I sat in the row right next to her desk.

Mrs. J hung up and walked around the classroom. She stopped at the table next to mine with the absent student, I believe his name was Jeremiah, and bent down holding her crotch. "Sarah," she went to a student, "you're, um, going home."

About half an hour passes where I forgot about her again and I Realized no security has come. mrs. Johnson kept opening the door and looking at the empty hallway. It was certain they had completely forgotten. I raised my hand, "Can I go to the restroom?" She looked at me. "Yes, of course, if you see a security call him in, please," she wrote me a pass and I went undercover. Making sure no security passes by. I inspect for a nice ten minutes and go back to the classroom .

I walk in seeing Mrs. J biting her lip and crossing her legs as she browses on her computer. I sit back down and get a glimpse of her holding her crotch. She call the office again. "Is a security coming?" She asked. I don't know what the other person said but she just hung up.

She was fidgeting, and starting to whimper. "Where is he?" She muttered. "Ella come here," she called me. I stood up, confused. She staggered, she told me to hold the door and she did a little dance as she looked around the plain hallway. Mrs. J had the sexiest dance ever. She held her crotch then crossed her legs side by side. It was incredible.

Even if the security did come, she would most likely not make it. She would have to climb six flights of stairs to get the bathroom. Plus it wasn't until the end of the hallway from where you enter on the fourth floor (I was on the tenth). Mrs. Johnson knocked desperately on her wall crossing her legs. She started to bob up and down. I think she was so concentrated on finding a bathroom that she forgot I Was here watching. I heard her gasp and immediately looked up. I saw drips of pee come down and she held her crotch looking around. A small leak came out and she moved to the other side of the hallway looking around.

She was starting to leave a trail of yellow piss and made her way back to me and blushed. But she was more panicking. Every one was so focused on their test they didn't even realize what they were missing. A giant patch was visible and My eyes grew wide. I always fantasized seeing a teacher wet herself but never thought I'd see it in reality. It was more noticeable in the back. Mrs. J's face grew red. her fingers we damp and her pants were incredibly wet and noticeable.

She didn't let her bladder burst completely, yet. Her pants were incredibly soaked but she still seemed incredibly desperate. Mrs. J bobbed up and down again and crossed her legs tightly. She bit her lip while holding her crotch. While panicking she ran to the stairway and out of sight. For the rest of the time we had a sub, but this is truly something

I'll never forget...

*005*2015-09-24 23:58

{{: 

Wow what a great story! It would have been better if that happened infront of the whole class though!

Was she embarrassed after the incident?

}}

Embarassed? Completely! I have to say, I am very, very luck!{{

So hot, nothing like a wet teacher to start your day! ;]

}}

Haha, so true!{{

I would have liked to witness something like that myself. Nice story.

}}

Hope someday you will!

*008*2015-09-26 21:39

{{: 

It has always been a fantasy of me as well to see a teacher doing that, but you were lucky enough to actually see it!

}}

Haha yeah! I guess I am!

