Wet & Desperate

Author: Ally98

*000*2019-06-08 17:02

It’s seriously been a while since I posted anything. My first post here feels like something that happened years and years ago. I remember I started off as a shy and stupid girl who shunned dirty public toilets and was always afraid to voice out when I needed to pee, and ended up getting caught in tight desperate situations until one day I found out I enjoyed the feeling, and the way guys pretended not to notice when I hold myself. I’ve had two boyfriends and two heartbreaks, both of whom I’ve shared omorashi misadventures with and enjoyed thoroughly. Ever since my last breakup I don’t think I’ve had a ‘proper’ omorashi experience. At this point it just feel like it’s been so long since anything happened. And so I sought to indulge myself.

(Short disclaimer I hope I don’t come across as deranged or slutty in what’s about to come. It’s just that I’ve been frustrated and unsatisfied ever since my breakup for a long while. Nothing harmful or crazy was done and this is really just a small war I’ve been fighting with myself. I’m not usually this emotionally intimate when posting online but I just really had to get all this off my chest and out my head)

It all happened on my trip with a group of friends in Japan. We were 3 guys and 2 girls. For the sake of making this post easy to understand I’ll give them fake names because I don’t want to use their real ones. Let’s call the guys Ryan, John, Kevin and the girl Lily. We all met during exchange and we decided to go on a trip to Japan.

It all happened when we were going to this little town. It involved taking the bullet train to a certain station and then switching to a non-stop 1.5 hour bus ride. When I thought about this ride I immediately imagined myself holding my pee in the bus, and I really just couldn’t get it out of my mind. The guys kept making all these stupid ribald jokes about Japanese fetishes and anime that really got me hot with thinking about omorashi, although I feigned disgust to their faces.

Right before we got on the bus the boys went for a bathroom break. Lily didn’t have to go. We stood there watching the bags. I was feeling a moderately strong urge to pee after all the water I drank from lunch, and I subconsciously stood with my legs crossed to increase pressure between my thighs. My heart was thumping loud at that moment, making my head throb as well. Do I really want to do this? I knew I might regret this. Part of me yearned for it and part of me kept telling myself I was a sick and deranged girl.

It was a hot day and while we were waiting, I pulled out a bottle of half-finished water and I began to drink. I’m going to regret this. The urge to pee felt stronger as I drank, and I slowly leaned my crotch against Lily’s massive suitcase. A sudden flush of relief and pleasure pulsed through me and I almost gasped.

As I drank, I watched Lily perspiring in the sunlight, beads of sweat on her arms and cheeks. She wore a white T-shirt and tight little shorts that bore out her figure really well. I was having really weird thoughts about how cute she might look if was desperate to pee and whether I might enjoy it if I were a guy when she turned to me and said, ‘Don’t drink so much! You’ll end up needing to pee on the bus.’ I felt my cheeks flush with red as if she’d read my mind and probed into my crazy, secret thoughts, though by that time I had finished my water already.

We got on the bus soon enough. There were 2 other pairs of couples on the bus apart from us, the rest of the seats being empty (though we actually had to book tickets to the bus and got pre-assigned seats XD ). Lily sat with Ryan like they always do. The other two gallant boys didn’t want to leave me with an empty seat, so I sat with Kevin with John sitting alone across the aisle. The urge to pee was mildly strong, but not exactly overpowering, but still I sighed with relief as I sat down. I could still turn back. The thought kept racing across my mind. There was a time when shy little me would turn apple red to the prospect of telling people I needed a bathroom break.

I’m still shy, old personalities don’t die easily, but that wasn’t the reason why I kept silent. I knew if I told everyone I had to pee they’d laugh at me and ask why I didn’t go when everyone else did, they’d tease me as boys always do and Lily might offer to come with me too and that would be the end of it. But as I sat there with my legs crossed, my thighs pushing against my female parts, my bladder throbbing slightly, I felt the mild pulses of pleasure and the heart-pounding excitement that I haven’t felt for so long. I think I knew quite clearly I risked wetting myself, but long periods of frustration and my weird fetish compelled me to hold it.

As the bus started, I twisted my legs in a knot and sat up straight. It was strangely pleasurable. In the past I won’t deny that desperate situations were mingled with pleasure, but there was more of the former and less of the latter. I’ve never dared holding in public on purpose for fear of wetting myself, but now that I did I felt excited and hot. My heart was pounding so hard I thought Kevin might hear it.

Around 30 minutes in the water I drank was beginning to signal it's want for exit. My legs were a bit tingly from being crossed for so long. We all talked and joked in the bus but I did so only half-heartedly. It was hard to focus with the urge to pee growing stronger and stronger. I regretted wearing shorts. If I knew before I set off to Japan that I would be doing something this irrational and crazy I might’ve brought a skirt so it might be easier for me to pee into a bottle discreetly if I really needed to. But I was stuck with shorts only, and those stupid shorts wound itself tightly around my bladder like it's trying to squish it flat.

The bus stopped in an intermediate stop and one of the couples got off. From then on it was a non-stop trip to our destination.

I was rubbing my lower tummy, trying to soothe the aching bulge. Soon my hand drifted down and I was rubbing my crotch instead. There’s something really effective about the hand that the urge to pee lessened. I was nervous, desperate, and pleasured – and it brought back old memories of the times I shared with the men who broke my heart.

I think we had about 20 more minutes to go. I had spent more than an hour fighting a straining bladder and I knew I was reaching my limit. As soon my first hand drifted downwards my second hand joined in as well. I was bouncing on my seat, trying to force my butt onto the seat so my hands can press harder against my pee hole. And my sensitive parts.

The boys started to stare. A few seconds later Kevin broke the silence ‘Are you ok?’

Old memories rushed back. Pangs of heartbreak, fear of peeing myself, overwhelming sense of desperation, my mind screaming ‘what are you doing!’ to myself, embarrassment from being caught in such a state, all rushed into my mind and I burst into tears, ‘I really need to pee!’

By then Lily and Ryan turned their heads and realized what was going on as well. Yet there was nothing my friends could do. The boys were all staring at me. They sat stiff and feigned calm, yet their eyes kept reverting to where I was holding myself. Tears were streaming down my face, and I was choking back sobs.

As I’ve always noted holding myself in shorts is difficult, as the stiff material makes it hard to cup my hand over my pee hole. I slipped my hand down my shorts and underneath my panties, and gave my pee hole a squeeze, and gasped from the relief. Lily, as I knew she would, wacked the boys over their heads for staring at my predicament and made them sit in front of us while she sat with me. I held myself the best I did, more in desperation than pleasure now that it seemed I might actually wet myself.

In the end I did pee myself, though every time I let out a gush of pee I somehow manage to twist my legs and hold myself till I stemmed the flow, like twisting a towel dry. By the time I got off the bus I was a mess, full of tears with a wet patch on my crotch, leaving a tiny puddle on my seat. Lily (bless this girl) stayed behind to clean up as we didn’t want to leave a mess while I ran for the toilet. I find that I could never hold my pee near a toilet when I’m at my limit. Near the toilet I started peeing uncontrollably, leaving a spotted trail behind me. But I got myself inside a stall and sat down on the loo and finished my pee (which lasted for 3 seconds -.- ). At this point I won’t deny it. After relieving myself I was so hot and wet. I sat there on the loo and finished my business with my fingers.

Lily came 10 minutes later with new clothes from my suitcase, and I was still on the loo, but relieved. That night at the Japanese hot baths, we joked about it and the boys, and I thanked her heartily for being such a sweet girl. The boys didn’t want to embarrass me so they pretended that nothing happened. And the rest of the trip was flawless.

So here I sit, typing out my first intentional public holding. Even as I recall all this I won’t deny that I’m aroused by the memory of it. I hope you won’t think me wanton or crazy because of this, and as always, I’m eternally grateful towards this platform. Here is where I can shed my burden and share my turmoil freely, the only place where I might hope to find someone who would understand.

*005*2019-06-10 07:37

{{On 6/9/2019 at 3:23 AM, Holdit4me said:

I don't think anyone here will think you wanton or crazy - I'm guessing most of us will understand. Thanks for sharing and even though it was such a stressful experience it left you crying, I'm glad it's a positive memory!

}}

Thanks so much ^^

*007*2019-06-12 01:22

{{On 6/11/2019 at 5:27 AM, wettingman said:

Wonton or crazy, deranged or slutty, absolutely not . I really enjoyed your story. I sure I am not the only one aroused by it. I still enjoy holding my pee until I wet my pants, but I never had the guts to do it in public, just home and alone.

True I have been very desperate in public, but not intentionally. I think fear of embarrassment for wetting myself in front of others, actually helps me hold it longer, and withstand even more pain and pressure than if I was home.

So, I think the proper adjectives to describe you would be brave, hot, sexy , and highly arousing.

I will admit I would be watching you struggle, looking right towards your crotch. not as a spectacle or to humiliate you, but because I find what you were doing highly erotic. My hand would be in my lap also to hide my erection.

Thank you for sharing your story. I hope knowing that was enjoyed by appreciative fans, helped you feel better about yourself.

}}

This is the sweetest and kindest comment ever, thanks so much <3

