Pee reflex and routines

Author: CarmenCD

*000*2019-04-25 19:25

I noticed something funny and worrying at the same time yesterday. Anyone else noticed something similar?

I pee in the shower every time I take a shower. It's kind of routine for me for years now. I start peeing while waiting for the hot water to come through the tubes and out of overhead shower. The pee sign is the cold water bouncing off the floor onto my legs while I'm standing in the corner of the shower cabin. At first I had to force myself to pee, nowadays is more like a reflex. When I feel cold water drops raining on my legs, I just let it go. I don't even have to be desperate to do that and often I pee only a little, because I peed in my diapers during the night, so bladder is not that full in the morning. But the sensation from cold water bouncing off the floor onto my legs just makes me pee and I don't do anything to stop it.

Now comes the scary part.

I went out yesterday for a drink in the evening, dressed in a skirt, wearing high heel sandals and pantyhose. When I was walking home, at one point it started to rain heavily. I had to stop at the traffic light, waiting for the green light. Rain drops falling on my legs felt just like cold water bouncing off the floor in my shower cabin and I suddenly got a real desire to start peeing. I was really confused and almost started to pee, but I was able to contain myself. I think I would actually start peeing if the circumstances would be a little different, because deep down in my mind I really wanted to do it, but I was still with my friends and promised to someone to stop at her place before going home. It would be awkward to go there wearing wet panties and pantyhose.

My real question is, if it's possible that this pee reflex could become so strong with time, that I could really just start peeing without thinking, at moments like this somewhere in the future? Or it's just a desire, but I'll be able to keep it under control forever. Or I risk possible wettings if I continue with my shower routine forever?

Is this similar to getting used to peeing in diapers during sleep? When I started to wear diapers during the night, I still woke up most of the nights when I had to pee, but nowadays I usually just pee in my sleep.

*003*2019-04-26 16:56

{{10 hours ago, Tigerlilly said:

I have a similar reflex in the shower. I’ve always peed in it! I’ve never experienced the rain thing but going into a bathroom, or hearing someone else shower always triggers me a little

}}

I didn't have any issues with rain until now. I guess the circumstances were just right on this occasion. I was wearing sandals and rain was bouncing of the road onto my legs, causing similar feeling as I get in the shower, while waiting for hot water to come out.

