Soaked while laying down! (pictures)

Author: the.wet.bandit

*000*2022-04-08 05:50

I decided i wanted to try a try not to pee challenge tonight. however, it had to happen pretty late since i had just come from a musical and it was about 9:30. i put on a movie and got 2 big glasses of water filled (my normal routine since i get too invested in whatever i’m doing to get a refill of just one glass) and drank both of them down. i was feeling a little bloated, but i didn’t think i’d get desperate enough, so i got a refill of one glass. by that time, it was 11. it was getting pretty late, especially because i had to be somewhere pretty early next morning. if i was going to wet myself, i’d have to do it before midnight.

I waited to get desperate and then put on the same grey pants from my first pants wetting (urine shows up great and i don’t have a lot of pants i want to piss) and went into the bathroom next to my bedroom. i laid out a towel on the floor, just in case. i put on a try not to pee challenge, but i was skeptical. i didn’t feel desperate enough and try not to pees have normally not worked for me because of impatience, laziness regarding getting more and more bottles of water, and of course i get hard when i try one. i just decided i would try it.

It told me to drink water, and i just drank some from the tap next to me. it made me slightly more desperate. it then asked me to lay down and push my bladder, so i laid down on the towel. this made me have to go considerably more, and i tightened my grip. i pushed on my bladder, and didn’t leak. it just hurt. it was getting late, and i didn’t especially want to do a try not to pee anymore because i knew i wasn’t going to pee because of this for at least another hour, so i just let it out into my gray pants and on the towel, water noises playing in the bathroom as a faint hiss sounds from my pants. i love wetting while laying down and how the pee trickles down into your underwear and soaks your butt, and i was happy to get to wet while laying down.

I was kind of concerned because i didn’t see any piss at first, even though i was definitely wetting myself. i was able to stop peeing after about a minute and i looked over. nothing. “huh, weird” i thought as i stood up. then i felt my soaked butt.

The towel held a good amount of pee in it with a slight stain just north of the puddle because of my right leg. my pants were utterly soaked at the ass and the wetness wasn’t even visible from the front. i decided to let loose the rest of the pee i had left in me (wetting while laying down is kind of hard) to create a decent stain in the front while the urine trickled down my leg.

I checked the time. it was about midnight. i was going to get ready for a shower, but my parents were over and sleeping upstairs. i would surely wake them up. and plus, the pants were so nice and warm…

”i’ll wash them tomorrow” i thought while settling into bed, pee hugging my butt cheeks and congregating in my crotch.

Pictures!!

$$

$$

$$

*001*2022-04-08 05:52

Just spotted the litter box in the back of the last picture… getting some risqué ideas

