Forcing Myself Into An Outdoor Accident

Author: lihp

*000*2016-07-15 14:42

I'm on the road by myself yesterday and today, which makes it a perfect time to indulge myself. I am staying in a gorgeous part of northern Michigan. This morning I wanted to do everything in my power to force myself into an accident. I was honestly hoping for an accident of both types, but I will stick to the wetting since that is what the site is all about.

For my adventure, on the outside I'm wearing black basketball shorts and a tshirt. I look like any typical 32 year old guy. However, what I'm wearing underneath makes me way happier: light blue lace trimmed full cut panties and pink/purple polka dot pajama shorts. I honestly wish I could just go without the male clothes, but I'm just a closet cross dresser at this point.

I woke up in my tent after a decent night sleep. I decided to skip using the bathroom, and instead slammed a 20 ounce water and 20 ounce Mountain Dew. I went over to the parking for the trail and set out on a 45 minute wall, stopping to take photos along the way. If you have ever visited the Mackinac Bridge, you would know why i enjoyed the view as much as i did. I could feel my bladder filling, and climbing the steps back to my car at the end made it worse. Unfortunately there was not much desperation. I could have peed my pants, but it would not have been fufilling.

I then went over to a park area not that far away and still in the state park. It is cloudy and cool, and there was not a soul around. I decided to play on the swings, and a few minutes later the water and soda kicked in. I went over to the edge of the playground, not wanting to pee on the equipment for a kid that comes to play to sit in, and I concentrate on holding it. For fun, I grab myself and fake a bit of a pee pee dance. Finally, I just eased up my muscles and instantly felt a hot explosion into my panties and shorts. It was a great feeling. I sat down while going to feel the rest of my accident run down and soak the back of the panties too.

Since my shorts are black, you can't see that I'm wearing soaked women's undergarments right now, but I'm enjoying the feeling. Nobody that I have passed would even know that the gentleman they see is enjoying peeing pants like a little girl.

All good things must come to an end. Time to go clean up, pack up, and get on with my road trip. I hope you enjoyed.

