An unusual wetting

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2016-01-01 03:15

Hey all, I have been a lurker here for a good part of my life and in these years I have seen some pretty interesting omo based events. I personally don't wet myself but I like to see it, and tend to have a good eye fore dire situations. Anyways, this one is by far the weirdest one, and something I witnessed about 8 months ago so enjoy!

There are days that I am set on trying to find some desperation, wettings, or anything omo based and on those days I sometimes get lucky but never really surprised that I find something. Today was different because I had absolutely no intention of witnessing any thing omo based... but it kinda found me I guess. Anyways it was late April and I was going to bootcamp soon, so my friend and I decided to have some fun. He brought his gf, who's going to be the subject of this experience. She was I want to say 5'3, Latino and had the face of a goddess with the personality of well... full of attitude and not gonna lie if it wasn't for the code I might have tried to get with her. We went out and had every intention of making it a night to remember.

I don't drink for a few reasons. A I'm only 18 (17 at the time), B my family had a history of alcohol abuse, and the main reason is a story for another time. My friend and his gf however had ever intention of getting waisted, so naturally I was the DD. When I drove over to pick up my friend, him and his gf got out. She was wearing a small black shirt woth a gold jacket over it with white pants and a sparkling black belt to go that. She looked absolutely stunning and I knew that she wanted to be noticed. We get to the location talk to some friends and are having a great time when we decide to play some drinking games. 

My friends gf who we'll call Aleina was the center of attention and had a lot to drink, but she went to the bathroom every 30 minutes or so, so I didn't expect anything. Actually nothing omo based even crossed my mind by this point. Then it got really, really weird. One second she was talking laughing and just messing around when suddenly she just stopped started walking around and stood still and started peeing her pants. She was wearing bright blue panties that became painfully obviously almost instantly and she wasn't even trying to stop it. I was just wondering how small her bladder is considering she used the bathroom not 15 minutes ago.

Anyways she just stood there peeing and it slowly stopped. We were all just standing there wating for her to do something when she got this really confused expression on her face as if she was like why is everyone starring at me? Then she looked down, slowly looked back up and had tears in her eyes. Then this guy who I don't even know just said *this b**** just peed herself and died laughing. My friend was about to kill that guy and normally I would have let him, but I was about to go to bootcamp and there was a lot of underage drinkers, so instead of letting this get out of hand I decided it was time for us to leave. We get to the car and Aleina just starts crying and said what happened? She said she doesn't even remember getting up and certainly doesn't remember peeing her pants.

And my friend just asked if anything like that had ever happened before in which she said no. So I'm driving us back when she asks me to take her to my friends house and asks me to stay with them because she felt that she ruined the night. Honestly I was just trying to hide that one of the most beautiful girls i know peed her pants, but luckily I have a good poker face, so obviously I didn't turn her down. I've known Aleina most of my life and I'm her best friend, but I didn't think we were as close as what was about to happen. We walked inside and she took her pants off right away. Personally I looked away after a look for 2 reasons. A she's my best friends gf (now fiancé) and B she didn't take them off right away for me to see she took them off right away because she hated how it felt. I know this because she complained the entire ride back practically.

So I turned away and when she got back up my friend told me it was clear and that was that. So we finished the night and never mentioned the accident again, but one thing was clear. Aleina had no idea of what she was doing when she was going it. I am open to a lot of things and personally I have had some experiences with ghost but I have never had an experience before or since this accident. Idk what it was but that theory has never left my mind. I'm not much of a writer so sorry if it's not good, but let me know if you liked it and want more please! Also let me know what you think happened because I have no idea

