Constant trickle = big accident

Author: Spurgle

*000*2022-02-08 02:24

Hello everyone.

This actually occurred back in December and originally I had no plans to post anything about it, but here we are!

So that morning i woke up absolutely bursting to pee, if I’m honest it’s a little surprising I didn’t wet the bed. It was so ridiculous that I can vividly remember it now. Anyway, whilst I didn’t wet the bed I wasn’t totally dry. I’ve wrote here before that I can sometimes leak a little, it’s mostly really annoying but sometimes it makes me really horny, this particular December morning it was the latter.

Anyway, as I say I wasn’t completely dry. At some point during the night/morning I had peed in my underwear a little, I have no way of knowing when I peed but the wet spot was cold.

But in my still sleepy state I assumed I had wet the bed but once I began to get an accurate picture of the situation I thanked my lucky stars that wasn’t actually the case.

But I wasn’t totally out of the woods, I was absolutely busting to pee and the wetness in my underwear made me feel like I was leaking constantly, which at that point was not the case.

I climbed out of bed and immediately snapped a picture of my slightly peed in underwear. It’s unfortunate i was wearing white underwear that morning, the wet spot is a little tricky to see, I did alter the contrast and such to make it a little better though.

But yeah, thankfully I hadn’t peed too much but it wasn’t too long until my thankfulness turned into horniness.

Once I was out of bed and I could see my wet underwear and feel my aching bladder I became seriously turned on.

I changed my underwear to something more conducive to showing wetness and decided to try and hold for as long as I could BUT I wasn’t allowed to fight it. I’ll explain what I mean; I tried to hold as long as I could but I had to remain relaxed at all times, I didn’t allow myself to tense or control my bladder at all. I just relaxed and carried on with my morning as normal. Perhaps unsurprisingly, i didn’t last very long.

With my fresh, dry underwear I then grabbed some grey bottoms and went to make some coffee annnnd I was peeing with every step. Once my coffee was brewing I went to snap a photo and yeahhh my hold really wasn’t going well.

I was slowly but very surely wetting myself.

I went back to the kitchen to grab my mug and pour the coffee but I was trickling pee into my underwear pretty much constantly. I took one sip of coffee before I decided to snap another picture.

The picture above was taken just a few minutes after the previous photo and as you can see, the situation had deteriorated fairly rapidly. No huge torrents of pee had poured forth but the almost constant trickle had soaked my underwear.

I pulled my trousers back up and went back to the kitchen, my pee still making it’s slow escape from my bladder. It was only a few minutes later when the door bell rang.

So quick point of order here; we live in an apartment, in Finland so someone just randomly turning up does not happen. Ever. It was quite obvious to me that I had forgotten something and indeed I had.

I had a decision to make and I had to make it fast. I dashed to the bedroom and changed my trousers, ditching my suspiciously wet grey trousers for some black jeans and at the same time, I changed my wet underwear too. At this point my no fighting rule went out the window, I was fighting hard.

I answered the door to engage in an awkward conversation about potential balcony upgrades. Admittedly, it was a little tricky to listen to everything she was saying given that I was desperately fighting and *mostly* succeeding to not piss myself there and then but despite this mild inconvenience, I think I handled it rather well.

I’m not certain how long the conversation lasted, 5-10 minutes is my best guess and it was seriously awkward but nonetheless, it was done and I hadn’t wet myself in front of the nice balcony lady….. not much anyway.

Despite my best efforts, as we were engaging in an awkward and ultimately fruitless conversation about the finer points of balcony windows, I perhaps was peeing myself a little bit. Again it was a slow steady trickle and I honestly had very little control over it. I can’t begin to describe how I was feeling in that moment when it dawned on me that I was uncontrollably trickling pee into my underwear in front of a total stranger. Looking back it makes me seriously horny but at the time I think it was a mix of horror, embarrassment and just a tiny bit of horny. I’m convinced she knew nothing of what was transpiring in my underwear, she had no reason to know. I did a brief inspection after saying goodbye and my jeans were damp but blissfully, only on the inside!

It was at this point I snapped the next photo.. As you can see I had unwittingly peed in my underwear a little bit… perhaps more then I initially realised. I must apologise for the slightly out of focus photos, I was having a few problems remaining still at the time.

But dispute all of this, I composed myself and without the need for trousers, I returned to my now lukewarm coffee still hoping I could hold a while longer.

But by this point I knew I was deluding myself. I could not sit down for fear of losing all control, so I drank my ever cooling coffee stood up with the familiar warmth trickling evermore into my underwear.

After draining my mug I returned to take another photo.

Again, this photo and the previous photos were taken but moments apart, the time to drink a lukewarm coffee to be precise. The constant trickle was beginning to soak my underwear. I was very slowly soaking myself.

My next task was to make a phone call. I remained relaxed for the duration of the call which lasted a dozen minutes or so, all the while I was, as usual, slowly peeing myself.

By now I saw no point in continuing. My underwear was soaked, I was horny as hell and my bladder was still beating me up. So, I truly relaxed, I offered no defence whatsoever but neither did I push and headed for the bathroom. My plan for this was so either record a video or snap some Live Photos as I was wetting myself but that didn’t quite work out cause I almost totally soaked myself before I set foot in the bathroom.

The moment I TRULY relaxed pee just thundered out of my body. I had no control whatsoever, if the Pope had walked in at that moment I would have been unable to do anything. My bladder was almost totally empty by the time I entered the bathroom, all that remained was a puddle and a trail of pee which followed me suspiciously to the bathroom.

After a quick bit of mopping I returned to snap my final photos..

I was soaked. It felt amazing to finally just let it all go. It had been trickling out since I woke up and apparently a little before that too, so to finally wet myself was incredible!

Anyway, thank you for reading. I hope you found some enjoyment!

*005*2022-02-08 20:54

{{12 hours ago, Dalige said:

Thanks for sharing ! That was so adorable! I would love to see someone casually walking around the house with little dribbles every now and then what did you do afterwards?

}}

Thank you!

Well the first thing I did was masturbate

After that, I had a shower and just carried on with my day as far as I remember. Nothing interesting I’m afraid

