Suspiciously horrendous planning at a local fair

Author: Altiat

*000*2021-10-03 04:42

I had to get the story out before I forgot even though I probably won’t be forgetting anytime soon. I went to a huge local fair today. The place is only about half an hour away so I figured, “that’s great, that’s perfect, you really.... it’s hard to get caught short on a 30 minute ride right? So we hit traffic about 1.2 miles out from the venue. I say traffic but it was really a long single line to the venue. I kid you not... we had 90 minutes of waiting on that road. I was ok because I had only drank a couple sips of water... I could not stop thinking about all of the people who might have shown up to that line already badly needing to pee. Kind of like a “we can pee as soon as we get there thing.”

There’s literally no way. And whats more is that the road does not have Conveniently placed bushes or trees or forest that you could just jump into. It’s mostly wide open, you’re pretty much on display if you decided to get out of your car to try to go anywhere. So once you finally get to the parking lot, theres no porta potties there which you would expect there to be after a 90 minute traffic experience. Then to even get into the venue that has the bathrooms you have to wait in line A to purchase your ticket and then wait in line B to go into the venue. Idk how it happened to me of all people but I did end up overhearing a brief conversation Between a staff worker and a young woman who seem to be in distress, nearly in tears (blue jeans btw)..

She literally told the worker “we’ve been stuck in traffic for a very long time and I really need to pee what do you suggest I do?” and the Employee just told her “you have to either wait in line to buy your tickets or if you have tickets wait in line to get into the venue.” I unfortunately couldn’t monitor that situation. The line was a little faster to get in, only about 7-10 minutes or so. But still. Even after getting into the venue, the bathrooms where poorly marked on the map and very difficult to find. The alchohol was served in very liberal quantities and the same traffic issue arrises leaving the venue. This was a themed event. For the purpose of this we will call it a Halloween theme because it’s very close. I hope this real place could inspire some amazing stories. If I didn’t know any better I would swear this event is secretly set up for omorashi.

*001*2021-10-03 12:26

Also. Idk what on earth she was thinking but there was this college age chick standing behind me at one of the last spectacles before the fair closed.. This women literally chugged an entire 24oz bottle of water out of nowhere. She also had a glass of champagne in her hand. I can only imagine how her return trip went.

*003*2021-10-03 13:29

That’s wild. It almost seems as though it’s on purpose sometimes. I know some football stadiums (one in particular) that goes out of its way to do the opposite. Not only do they have porta potties in the parking lots, they have them for like a mile down the main road leading there where traffic backs up. Pretty rare I know, again like we said, most places seem to either completely forget or have omo fans setting them up lol.

