Two accidents at one time

Author: Calvin1

*000*2020-03-01 19:31

Well, I finally have the house to myself for the day, so planned to have some fun. Surprise, had a little more excitement then expected.

Woke up today knowing what I wanted to do, so hopped out of bed threw on my work jeans and went to the gas station to get gas for the lawn equipment. I decided not to pee, because I wanted to save that for later. On the way, I stopped for coffee and proceeded to go to the gas station. Needless to say I took the scenic route, drank the large coffee. This was around 8:00am., and by scenic, it took an hour, so by the time I got back home I was fidgeting a little. Well started working, so for the moment, forgot about peeing but had another coffee and some water. About 11:00am I was definitely not able to stop moving as I was getting desperate, but as long as I was working, could still hold. However, I had forgotten that with all that coffee, I started needing to go #2 as well, and that I had not planned on. I kept working, not as precise as I should, because now I was trying not to pee, but I wasn't prepared to poo myself. 

By about noon, I just about lost it, I had let a few spurts and dribbles go, but by this time my bowels were about to empty. I quickly ran to the bathroom were I still thought that I could at least pee myself. I stripped down, saw that I still had on the Lacy pink panties from the night (yes I do like wearing panties to sleep in) and realized that I was to desperate to hop out of the shower stall and change. Actually, nature took over and I started leaking, which turned into a slow but steady stream, because I was still trying to hold in #2. I think I was actually kind of groaning about now as well. Too late, my bladder gave up and I released the rest in a nice hard stream squirting through the lace. At this point my sphincter also relaxed, and even though I tried to hold it, I pooped myself. The feeling of both coming out felt, well, almost orgasmic. The sqishyness of the mess felt actually good.

Sadly reality struck and I realized what I had happened and now I felt kind of weird. I had to clean up the mess, but in a way I enjoyed that feeling of complete loss of control, even though it was in a safe area. However, in the back of my mind a little voice said, "think how that would have felt outside in the open ....". And, "you dummy, you should have taken pictures or videos." Sorry, mind does strange things.

Anyway that was my exciting morning, maybe this afternoon I will do some more.

*003*2020-03-03 05:06

{{On 3/1/2020 at 9:15 PM, strokeknight2 said:

Great story! Now you can plan to do it again with a more controlled outcome.

}}

Thank you. If and when I get the chance, I might just try again.

{{17 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Got to love the accidental double, when one half is planned but the other is a total accident.

}}

True, never expected it, but having time to reflect on it, I have to admit that it was fairly enjoyable.

