Strongest bladders do fail

Author: sunita

*000*2017-07-06 16:56

Strongest Bladders too have a limit and can burst.

One of my Bestie, was a bladder queen until this incident took place. She was awarded so by our classmates as we had never seen her using the toilets at collage. Our collage used to be for 7 hours in a day with 1/2 hour break in between. Her home was like 2 hr far away from collage, that means she used to travel for 4 hr a day, up and down. Even if she had peed before starting to collage, she used to control it for 11 hrs until she reached home. Sometimes on a traffic jam, etc it would take her another hour to reach home. The only girl who had stayed dry was she alone. Everyone else had peed ourselves, either in classroom, or on the way to toilet, toilet queue, or in the LAB.

The only once I saw her desperate was when we were going to her home by bus, she was wiggling her legs and said me she badly had to pee. Once we reached there home I too had to pee now, she took me to her toilet and said me to squat on the floor while she peed in the commode. Even after I finished she was still going strong. I asked her why can't you go in the collage? she in turn replied was shocking. She just stopped the flow in between and said "I have been blessed with the strongest bladder, tell me how much time I should hold it in, I will hold for that much time". In atmost concern I said her please dont hurt yourself by holding and went out of toilet. She peed for another 3 min and came out.

___

It was once our collage had arranged a trip to Dandeli forest as a excursion. It took us 9 hrs to reach there. When we all had reached there we were bursting for a pee, except her. We had two teachers with us. I first thought they will allow us to relieve ourselves, but the teachers called us and made groups of 5 people each. Since it was 7 in the night, we had to make arrangements to stay there for the night.. It took us 1/2 hour to finish it. We were all instructed to be in group, until we complete our excursion.

Many of the girls whose bladder were bursting, squatted behind the tent that we had arranged for sleeping. I, bladder queen(Bestie) and many went searching for a suitable place, as some of us had to take a dump as well. All the way walking my Bestie thought that there was a toilet there, when we found a secluded spot we popped a squat there and finished peeing. My bestie was shell shocked to see us do that and asked where the toilet was. One of the teacher who was still peeing said you have to do same as what we are doing!!!.

She was still looking here and there when everyone else had finished peeing. She then confessed that she did not know to pee in the open, also she did not have the practice of peeing in squat position. My teacher said that we will help you squat and held her arms, but she denied saying it is not that urgent for me and walked back with us to the tent.

When we came back near our tents, dinner was ready. We were served with 2 roties, 1cup of dal, 1cup of rice and sambar. Food was OK for some of us some threw up after eating and some did not eat at all. Both of the teachers came with there plan for the next morning's excursion. We had a fire light party before we went to bed at 10 pm. 3 girls from our group dozed off immediately, however I and my bestie chatted for some time. When I inquired about her peeing, she just said she could hold it and slept off.

Next day morning, our teachers came near our tents, woke us up and took us to the same spot where we had went last night. Since both the teachers were ladies, they instructed boys to go to the other direction and came with us. I however could not bother about my bestie as I was already on the verge of peeing my nightie.

My teacher was now angry on my bestie as she did not relieve herself and forced to control herself. My teacher angrily said don't repent if you have an accident and went away. We started to trek immediately after finishing our toileting activities. Our plan was to trek for 2km and have a bath in one of the river. We reached there 1 hr later all exhausted. My teacher planned to send boys a bit far away from us and we all got inside the water. My bestie and another girl who had to take a dump again, went behind a nearby bushes. They did not get into the water. I came out of the water and said this is the best chance yaar, you get into the water and pee I said, to which she denied and said "NOOO!!!" in a calm yet angry tone.

We went on and on trekking till evening and halted in such a place, were you could find venomous creatures. My teachers instructed about this and said dont go far away for your toileting needs, if you have the need go just behind your tents. Due to the scarcity of the place we had put our tents wherever we could find a place and hence boys tents and girls tents were all nearby.

Many of the boys took a chance of this situation and saw us peeing. Some of the boys enjoyed this, some boys flashed lights on us while we had squatted. Many of the girls did not pee for this reason.

I had went behind my tent to pee with one of my group mate who was too shy to pee when she knew that boys were around us. She had pooped a squat and was peeing when a boy flashed on her. She got up and pulled her pants up, she could not hold her pee and ended wetting herself. Many girls had to take a dump too. All these girls who chose not to pee, totally messed themselves, two girls in my group too peed themselves. But my Bestie she had not peed from the past 33 hr.

We all woke up again next morning with obviously full bladders. My teachers had seen some terrifying insects and said pee / poo inside the tent itself. We had no option but to follow the teachers instructions. We 4 of us relieved ourselves, 2 of them who had accidents cleaned themselves with the little water left in our bottles. Were as my Bestie's abdomen had swollen and the bulge seemed as if she was 5 month pregnant.

Soon we started our trekking again, now my bestie was clearly in desperation for toilet. She cried saying she needs toilet. As our group had fallen back from the rest of other groups I took her to the near by bush, she had never ever squatted on the ground to pee earlier. I held her by her left arm and another girl held her right arm, helping her to squat. She lifted her kurthi and untied her leggings. One of the other girl from the group said her to remove legging completely off in order to avoid wetting.

She slowly squatted down, I took my both legs away to avoid getting splashed. Even after two minutes into squatting she had not peed. One of the girl went and squeezed her abdomen, which caused her to start peeing but she kept spurting. Her urine stopped for 2 - 3 seconds before resuming again. It was clearly evident that she was trying to control but was not able to do so.

All of a sudden from no mans corner a group of boys passed in front of us. My bestie was shocked to see them, she pushed us aside stood up and held her kurthi across her exposed pussy. That was it, her urine was not coming in spurts but it was coming like a open fire hose. Within seconds of her peeing, kurthi became saturated. Her legging which had fallen on ground was completely wet, not even a single thread on it was dry. Her pee went on and on. Right while she was peeing in standing position her bowels too relaxed. She peed for approx 6 min straight. Her bladder emptied the contents that been stored for more than 40 hrs!!!. As her pee neared ending, it ran down her thighs and legs washing of her poop.

She fell to ground and cried saying "I lost the battle" and hugged me tight.

___

Everyone came to know about her accident, and she became depressed after that. She had become too depressed that she became psychiatric patient for few months.

*003*2017-07-07 13:06

{{5 hours ago, MsFortune-Take said:

Why is this under experiences? Shouldn't it be under fiction? No way in hell is this true, if it is, what college do you go to?!

}}

Read the explanation in the first two paragraphs.

*004*2017-07-07 13:12

{{18 hours ago, WetDave said:

It is sad to hear that she was so ashamed of her accident that she became depressed and a psychiatric patient - that seems an extreme reaction and surely cannot be solely attributable to her unfortunate accident. Is she OK now?

I had to look on google to know what a kurthi is - now I know! I have seen many people in this country wearing them and I have to say they can often be very beautiful.

}}

Ya! She is OK now, but it took her a lot of time to recover.

*007*2017-07-08 02:10

{{On 7/7/2017 at 0:45 AM, WetDave said:

}}

*009*2017-07-08 16:11

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

OH please ! Unless she is a total freak of nature with a several liter bladder this can't happen A dehydrated person perhaps could hold it for 40 hours , but I don't recommend it.. But then pee steady for 6 minutes, and then be upset her bladder failed ? ! I call BS

}}

Call whatever you want, she has a record of not peeing for 40 - 50 hours and her bladder can hold for almost 1.5 ltr of pee, i.e total amount of pee produced by a normal human per day. As a result she can hold it for days together!

*017*2017-07-11 13:26

Fine, I don't want to obsess on this, but I want to give you a justification. My Bestie has a large bladder, she puts off going to toilet repeatedly. She has that capacity of controlling her bladder for days!. Basically when I told that everyone from the class had peed themselves except her, the only reason for this was the strict classroom policies. Teacher never let us go to toilet whenever we needed to go, and all did not have the capabilities as she had. All of them had not had accident at once but, at least once during an academic year. Only one who was left dry was her. Everyone else used to feel jealous of her for not having accidents!.

Many do not believe this as you guys might not have come across such experience. And to the person who spoke about bladder capacity and flow rate, her flow rate is bit slow and storage capacity is more. Her bladder will be bulged when she says she needs to pee.

