Accident in girlfriends car

Author: Skinnyboy

*000*2016-04-09 01:17

Hey sorry it's been awhile since I last posted but been busy but I'm back with another story. Please feel free to leave a comment down below to tell me how I did with story telling, paragraphing, entertainment. Thank you and enjoy the story.

(Also I've still got my smooth shaved legs from my last story)

How the story starts

So I stayed over at my gf house on the Friday night (making this day Saturday morning)

The main story

So after waking up on the Saturday morning we woke up and got something to eat for breakfast, and while we were eating I asked her if she wanted to stay over at my house instead since their was roadworks going on throughout the night keeping us awake most of the night, and she said "yeah we'll do that so we can more piece at night" so we got showered and started to get ready.

Just after getting out of the shower and I was standing in front of the mirror with only white silk/Lycra squared breifs on and noticed that I was nice a slim body now and my body was quite well balanced out now (used to be really skinny) and I was quite happy about myself.

So I decided to throw on a blue and white chechkered shirt with blue galaxy leggings over the top of my white breifs. And a pair of vans shose. I know it sounds weird a guy wearing leggings but it's what I feel comfortable in. Plus normal jeans or pants don't suit me as leggings and skinny jeans look allot better on me. So after getting ready we packed our stuff, got into my gf car and took off.

It was only a 30-40min drive to my house so wasn't that bad... So I thought. I completely forgot to use the toilet before I left and I needed to go quite bad. But anyway me and my gf were driving on and we kept on stopping because of school crossing and of course ROADWORKS!!! It was killing me. My desperation was at 7/10 already and getting desperation waves coming over me but I managed to keep it together... For now.

We got passed all the road problems but we couldn't go any more than 20mph sice it was a school zone so it was a nightmare for me. We were getting to the main road that leads to my house and me and my gf are talking away and she asked "are you OK? You seem quite fidgety?" I said I'm fine I'm just getting comfy. So we got onto the main road and my desperation is at 8/10 starting to sorry that I might start leaking... Real fast

I'm starting to fidget real bad and I start holding myself cause if I didn't I would have an accident in my breifs and leggings. I can see my gf looking at me and she asks "do you need to pee?" I said no I'm fine she said "that's good cause I cant pull over any for another good 20min anyway" I'm getting worried.

My desperation is at 8.5/10 getting to that stage where I'm getting desperation waves hitting me and causing me to lose control of my bladder for a split second. But I'm still regaining control before I leak. I'm thinking to my self if I leak once it will show though instantly since I'm wearing really thin silky smooth Lycra breifs and galaxy leggings. After 2 minutes of her asking if I need to pee the first leak happened.

I lost control for half a second and a small stream came out out and I whispered to my self " FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK" and my legs were crossed at the time so I think that just saved me from a wet patch. My gf asked me again "do you really need to pee? I don't want you to start leaking or worse in your exspencive undies and leggings". I said no I'm fine just got the shivers since I'm cold. She said " don't believe you. "Have you had an accident?" I said no and i showed her my crotch area. She asked me to slide my leggings down a bit and show my undies to her. I was panicking since I just leaked a little but I did and she said oh their dry what a surprise. So I pull my leggings back up. Because of my undies my penis gets tucked between my legs so the very very small wet patch on undies will be between my legs and she only saw the bulge on the front of my undies. My desperation is at a 9/10 it's more than just leaks coming out.

About another 5mins into the road trip a massive wave hit me and I lost control for a long 1second. I whispered underneath my breath " oh fuck that was a massive leak. She over heard my whisper of pain and said " you do need to go don't you? Why didn't you just tell me? Slide down your galaxy leggings and show me your undies now". So i slid them down and she was shocked to see a massive wet patch on my undies. She said " you've soaked your undies OH GOD YOU WETTING YOUR SELF AS WE SPEAK " and that's when the dams broke and with my leggings still slid down to my knees I started peeing full force in my undies then I said "IM REALLY SORRY BUT I NEED TO GO IM HAVING AN ACCIDENT, I SHOULD OF TOLD YOU EARLIER" but after 5 seconds I managed to stop and my gf looked at my undies and seen that they were saturated all over. Desperation at 9.9/10 I'm having small accidents every couple of minutes.

I pulled my leggings up again they were still dry but as soon as I did I blurted out to my gf "IM HAVING ANOTHER ACCIDENT" And the dams broke again and my gf witnessed my really tight leggings getting darker round the crotch area. Again after about another 5seconds I stopped the flow. I said "I've now had an accident in my really tight leggings now but I still need to go allot. I'm also constantly leaking now I can't stop it. My desperation is at 10/10 I'm just wetting my self now.

My gf said to me that it's ok that I've had an accident. It's no big deal. And I said yeah but I'm about to lose control of the rest of it any second. I'm looking down at my leggings and theirs now just a constant small stream coming out and I'm just watching two small lines run down the inner part of my legs. She sees the two small lines travle down my inner thighs and asked "have you lost all control now?" I just said yes but it's coming out in a very slow stream now it's about to come out full force any second. Then two seconds later I whisper in defeat "I'm fully wetting my self now" and I'm full on wetting my self.

The lines between my thighs start getting bigger and travle down all the way down the back of my calf's but not into my shose. I'd finished having my accident and I apologised for having an accident in her car. She laughed and said it's fine don't worry about it. She sees that I'm quite sad about what just happened and she pulls over the car after another 2 minutes and turns to me and says " close your eyes I've got a surprise for you" so I close my eyes and I can feel her taking off my soaking wet undies and tight leggings and well... I'll let you guess what happens next ;) after all of that adrenalin build up for the accident I just had and plus from I've just received from my gf I must of past out from exhaustion cause I woke up with her just parking the car out side my house.

So she looks at me with a big smile on her face and says "I'll grab all the bags and I'll unlock the front door for you so you can run in to your house real quick since you're still in your wet undies and tight leggings and once you come in get showered and get changed cause I've got more surprises for you" so that's what I did ran in, took off my wet clothes, got into a hot shower, changed into my tight purple long johns. And yeah... She showed me what other surprises she had for me ;)

Thank you all for reading I hoped you enjoyed the story. Leave a comment on what you thought of this story and also if you have any questions then ask away ;)

Have a good day.

