Peeing on the road and a fake plant in one day

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-04-09 11:46

So this is two of three accidents I mentioned in another topic. I already described the first in a different post, and these both happened on the same day, so buy one get one peeing stories.

This happened in November of 2019. I won an online giveaway for tickets to an anime convention in a really far away city, so I gave some to my online fandom friends who lived far away, and we all agreed to go together and do a group cosplay. It was in a city far enough away that I had to get on a plane to get there. This was my first time flying alone, and I was really nervous, but made sure I was prepared. I had all my suitcases with my essentials, normal clothes, and cosplay stuff packed weeks in advance.

I normally arrive 2 hours early to the airport, which is only 20 minutes away, so I called a Lyft to pick me up at 5am in time for my 7:30 flight. I'm transmasc, and tsa can be transphobic so I usually present female when flying. I have some pretty naturally masculine features, so I decided to go high femme and wear a skirt. I felt the slight need to pee as I got ready to go, but I figured it was just nerves, so I ignored it.

Something I completely forgot about, was how crazy the traffic got on the main road from 5 to 7. The driver and I were stuck in bumper to bumper traffic, the highway basically a parking lot. I was really stressing out about making it to my flight on time, and kept feeling twinges in my bladder, but I kept brushing it off as anxiety. It wasn't until I started springing leaks that I remembered the 4 bottles of water I'd drank, and started panicking about peeing in this Lyft driver's car.

45 minutes into what was supposed to be a 20 minute drive, with my driver making casual conversation and cracking jokes to try and ease the tension, I was trying my best to discreetly hold my crotch as I felt my bladder bulging and still springing leaks. Anxiety, embarrassment, and arousal swirled in my head. This was a scenario I had fantasized about for such a long time, but I really didn't wanna miss my flight.

The driver casually commented about hoping I made it in time and I spied an opertinity to communicate my desperation. So I shyly said, "I hope we get there soon too, I have to piss like a racehorse," and to my surprise, the driver turned around and asked, "Do you need me to pull over?" I was desperate enough that I absolutely would have peed on the side of the road if I had to, but the lanes on either side of us were completely blocked off. There was no way to pull over. I pointed this out to the driver, and she just shrugged and turned back around.

15 minutes later, I was trying my best to subtly bounce in my seat, while trying not to whimper. My bladder hurt so bad, I kept springing leaks and my panties were wet. The driver was really sweet, and her car was really nice, and I really didn't want to pee on it. We were just approaching the entrance to the airport, I was so close to finding a bathroom! As that hope spread across my mind, my bladder decided that it was done waiting.

I started peeing completely against my will, a big strong stream squeezing out and soaking into my panties. I gasped and started muttering "No, no, no, no, no!" under my breath. I scrambled to get my seatbelt off and open the door. I just barely got out, hiking up my skirt and squatting down on the road, the door still open as I peed through my panties. I couldn't get them off so I just pulled them to the side as I emptied my bladder. I swear the hiss off the pee flowing out of me felt like it was as loud as a waterfall. I was profusely apologizing to the driver as I peed in the middle of the highway. My face was hot and bright red from embarrassment. I finished my business, readjusted my panties, and sat back down. Thankfully my driver was cool about it. She told me she drove a lot of drunk girls who had a tendency to loose control, and it was far from the first time she'd had to pull over for someone in heavy traffic.

I got to the airport on time, thankfully my skirt fabric was thick enough to absorb my pee so none of it got on her car seat. I walked in with my suitcases, and stopped in the bathroom to take off my wet panties and put on some clean ones from my bag.

I got through check in and tsa with no issues, and thankfully got on the plane on time for takeoff. On top of this being my first solo flight, it was also my longest. 5 and a half hours. The flight itself was really calm, no real issues or anything crazy, but by the time we landed, I was feeling the need to pee. I hadn't noticed it that much while sitting, but as soon as I stood up to get off, I felt a small leak.

I got off, got my stuff at baggage claim, and met up with my friend who lived in that city, and a couple of my other friends who's flights had landed earlier. We had to wait for our other friends, and I didn't know my way around this airport, so I decided to just sit and wait while chatting with my friends. Apparently the other three all had delayed flights, so by the time they got there, several hours later, we had to leave immediately to get to our hotel in time for check in.

My bladder was feeling really full, but the hotel was only 15 minutes away, and there was no traffic so I figured we could check in, I could pee in the hotel room, then come get our bags and enjoy the convention. We had to get a couple different Lyfts to get all of us, since we were a big group. I ended up sitting next to a girl I had a bit of a friends with benefits thing with. We didn't plan on hooking up, but we had a lot of the same kinks, including the interest in omo, so we'd sexted a few times. She saw me holding my crotch and fidgeting in the car, and started playfully teasing me about it. When we got to the hotel she very loudly announced that I needed to pee, just to embarrass me.

We checked in at the front desk, and a couple of our other friends went to get our stuff with a luggage cart, while the rest of us headed up to our room. It was on the 12th floor, and at the end of a really, really long hallway. I was waddling slowly from how tight I had to squeeze my legs to hold it, with my friend with benefits teased me about it. By the time we got to our room, I was openly holding myself and doing the pee dance in the hotel hallway.

So I swiped my key to open the door and... It didn't work. I swiped it again. Didn't work. Flipped the card around and swiped it again. Didn't work. Pulled out my phone to double check the booking. Right room. My friend tried her key. Didn't work. My other friends tried their keys. Didn't work. Fuck. I whined loudly while grabbing my bladder. There were no bathrooms in the hallway, the only toilet I could get to was on the other side of that door.

The others went back down to the front desk to figure out what was wrong with our room keys, while my friend with benefits stayed to watch my suffering, and actively make it worse for me. "Everything's gonna be fine, just relax, and don't think about waterfalls, or rivers, or rain..."

The others couldn't have been gone for more than ten minutes, but it felt like an eternity to me and my swollen bladder. Then I looked down the hallway and saw my savior; A potted plant. I could feel myself leaking heavily, and knew I wouldn't last another minute. I waddled as quickly as I could over to the plant, made a passing comment about enjoying the show to my friend, pulled up my skirt, and opened the floodgates. Unfortunately I didn't realize until after I started peeing that the plant, and the dirt it was in were plastic. It quickly flooded over the edge of the fake pot and soaked into the carpet. It was to late now, there was no way for me to stop. All I could do was sigh in relief as I soaked the hallway carpet, with my friend practically yelling, "Oh my God! You're actually doing it! Holy shit dude!"

Seconds after I emptied my bladder, all my friends came back, with proper working room keys, and a luggage cart of all our stuff, and they all saw my soaked panties, and the wet carpet.

We still joke about it in the group chat to this day.

*002*2022-04-11 01:32

{{9 hours ago, SilverSnake said:

Oh my gosh! I wonder how many times they have had something similar happen with the plastic plant haha

I'm glad the Lyft driver was so nice about your accident!

Maybe it's time for pullups friend I've had pretty good luck putting a packer over a pull-up though, so don't think it's one or the other

}}

I'm not really into the diaper thing. I kinda like the concept of wetting without making a mess, or anyone else noticing, but I am majorly into peeing through clothes and leaving puddles, and I'm an exhibitionist so I really like people seeing me wet.

