Two Squirms and a Pee

Author: ElSuave

*000*2011-07-11 04:04

I like to bank a few stories before sharing, as sometimes they can be quite short (but so, so sweet 

The first story is about a girl called Daralyn. She's around 5'3" sandy blonde hair, tanned, incredibly fit, and newly 18. She's a friend of my sister, and the three of us were on our way downtown one Saturday night a few weeks ago. Daralyn had already been drinking, and so when we stopped at the bank so I could take out some cash, she got out of the car and said, "I gotta pee!" Disappearing behind the building, I tried not to stare too long at her cute bum as it bounced around the corner of the bank. I quickly, quickly took out the cash, then deliberately walked around the corner for a peek 

What I saw next made my night. Nay, my month. She was squatting about ten feet from where I was standing, with her back arched and skirt pulled up to her waist, and my jaw just dropped. She peed soooo loud! I watched as her bladder relaxed and her pee cascaded out from her making a large puddle before her. But of course, after about five seconds, she saw me, and I exclaimed, "Oh! You're actually peeing!" to which she sort of shuffled a little and said, "Ah! Yes I'm peeing! Hahaha!" I then gave her her privacy, and engraved the scene into my mind for future reference. We ended up joking about it the next weekend while her and her friend told me about the times when they've needed to pee the worst. I swear, girls can be so clueless sometimes !

The next occurrence happened last weekend, where my friend and another of my sister's friends, this time Samantha, was over at our place, and we decided to play Kings (the drinking game) outside in the RV. One of the rules we always play with, is that the nine cards are Pee Cards. Without a Pee Card, you cannot go pee during the game. Very clever rule, and it will never, ever fail you !

So I can see, after a while, that Samantha is sitting on her foot, leaning forward, and shifting positions fairly often. Then I drew a Pee Card, and she looked very envious. "Ugh I have to pee!" she exclaimed. But we told her she wasn't allowed to pee without a card. A few more rounds passed, and she was getting very desperate. Finally she decided she couldn't wait, and made for the door. Now, I'm a jerk lol and so obviously I blocked the door and enforced the Pee Card rule. She was standing before me, both hands between her legs, as she bent over and moaned. That was enough, I had to let her go then. I didn't want her thinking I was some weird pee lover or something ;). For those who like girls feet, ask me what else happened with Samantha that night !



The last one involves a girl I went to highschool with, and haven't seen since. This took place Friday night, after the clubs had closed and the streets were packed with people going to their favourite restaurants for late night snacks. I met Steph outside, and we began talking about life, school, plans, etc. We joked about having crushes on each other in school, and flirted a little. Finally she says to me, "Chad I should really get going, I'm crossing my legs for a reason here." I immediately looked down and cursed the alcohol for not allowing me to notice this sooner. I said, "Oh! You need to pee!" and she grimaced and giggled. "Really really bad, yeah." We said our goodbyes and I watched as she walked away rather quickly and disappeared into the girls toilets.

Sigh.

*002*2011-07-13 16:40

Yeah...it would have been mean and the others may have thought me strange. She would have been furious with me if I made her soak her shorts with pee...

But I got my couple minutes of fun watching her squirm and dance around ;)

