Playful bladder in the Hedgehog tooth woods

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-09-14 16:48

Today´s plan was to take a walk in the forest, look for some mushrooms, just wet myself a tiny bit, and then go home and do something creative that didn´t include writing fetish porn. My bladder had other plans for me.

Yeah, I did plan to wet, but just a little. I had this idea that i´d stage an almost made it accident for myself, pretend to find a secluded place off track to pee, and start peeing before I got my pants down. Then I would cover that patch with a sweater on the way home. But, just in case, I brought some spare pants with me. That was good.

I had a big glass of water with my breakfast, and another one before I headed out, but nothing extreme. It surprised me that my bladder so soon made itself noticed with little spasms, as I walked up the streets through the village and towards the woods on the other side of the highway. I didn´t have that full bladder feeling, it just seemed to be very active today, maybe because I ended up holding a lot of pee during masturbation last night.

I had just passed by all houses and reached the small path in the end of the road when I had a surge that caught me by surprise as I felt a few drops of pee warm my underwear. Seconds later I met a woman with a paper bag. If she had been walking this trail already there would be no mushrooms left, I thought, but I hoped she was one of those only looking for one kind of mushrooms, since I´m a little more skilled.

It´s good for me to be reminded that there are other people than me in the woods, because it´s so rare that I bump into someone in the areas where I walk and that can make me too bold. Not that this reminder did anything to my behaviour today, but anyway.

There were mushrooms left. Plenty. I just had to walk a few minutes when I saw bright yellow chantarelles among the leaves in the moss just a few meters from the trail. When I bent down to pick them up the bladder spasmed again, and I had to fight to hold it. Ok, so this is how you want it today, bladder, let´s play then! I thought.

As I kept walking my bladder felt perfectly fine again, I didn´t feel the slightest need to pee, and then out of nowhere it contracted again. I love to hold when it behaves like that. Usually when I do holds, at least in the afternoon and evenings, I just feel very full, it´s a constant growing desperation and it seems to take ages to reach the point when I start leaking, not even then are there any real surges, it´s just slowly overflowing.

When the bladder is more active like this there is more action and I love it.

I soon spotted something yellowish white that looked interesting among the trees to my right, and sure there was a sea there of one of my favourite kinds of mushrooms. Google tells me they are called hedgehog mushrooms or hedge hog tooths in english (learned a new word today).

If you haven´t tried being on a mushrooms picking hike when you need to pee, you should do it. It´s the perfect challenge. You need to stop walking and have a look around, you risk to lose concentration on your bladder when the spotting of some great find excites you, and then you need to bend over, crouch down to pick them up, and stand up again, until they are all gathered in your basket/bag, and those changes of positions triggers the bladder to another move. It was in one of those moves that I found myself pressing my knees tight together and still couldn´t avoid a second little leak to slip out. I checked my jeans as I kept walking, nothing showed yet, I just felt a little dampness against my fingers, but I could clearly feel the wetness in my panties.

I was still sticking to my first plan – to almost make it. But I decided to challenge myself a little more first. I´d keep walking until I reached the gravel road further down, then I would pass by a house while still desperate, and after that I could pee. I still was doing ok and could walk in a relaxed manner between the surges. When I stopped to drink some water near the house, I had another one, I tried all I could to hold back against it, and I didn´t really feel myself peeing, it just got a little more warm between my legs. I had a quick look and there was a tiny little wet spot in my crotch, not yet visible to anyone but me.

Now was really a good time to go pee to avoid any mishaps. But I didn´t want to. It just felt too good to keep holding. I gave myself another, much bigger challenge. In fifteen minutes walk or so, the trail would reach a gravel road, that I would have to walk along for another ten minutes. It was just a forest road that almost nobody used, but still, you don´t squat right next to a road right? I would have to hold it until I reached another trail leading into the woods again.

The spasms were now coming in shorter intervals. As long as I kept walking I was pretty fine, but stopping to pick up another little mushroom I found, made me pee dancing, but I couldn´t just leave it there, could I? A few drops slipped out every now and then. I really needed to go now. But I hadn´t even reached the gravel road yet.

When I did, I was starting to feel the arousal from the now fuller bladder pushing the clit area. Best way to stay dry would be to just keep walking fast through the spasms, having just small leaks sipping out, but to stop and ride them out felt so much better. So I was standing there on the road, my thighs tight together, focusing on the intense sensation of my bladder building up the surge, gasping in the fight against it, feeling myself losing it for another tiny spurt, and it felt fantastic. And again, stopping, breathing hard, riding it, enjoying it, relaxing my muscles in just the right moment to feel my vagina contract and pulsate in a hands-free semi-orgasm. Wow.

Next time I stopped, the spasm was too hard. Instead of just causing a leaking a jet of pee shut out, and immediately a pretty little dark patch was growing in the front of my pants, down my left thigh. I couldn´t stop looking at it. Now it was obvious I had wet myself, but I could probably cover myself by keeping the bag with the mushrooms in front of me if I needed to.

I had passed by an old abandoned little summer cottage, and would soon be where the trail leads up into the woods from the gravel road I was walking on. I had adjusted my original plan to try to save these pants. I was now hungering too much for the feeling of just fully relax and wet myself. I would find a place off track where I had some cover, and then I would sit down, and I would feel the pee spread under me, saturate the fabric of my jeans and stream down into the moss with a hissing sound. Damn, I needed to stop thinking about it, as the thought of it almost made me wet myself right there on the road.

I started walking up the trail, it was uphill and I was on the verge of leaking with every step I took. I was so close to lose it now, it was high time to find a good place to wet. But the trail went across an open clear cut with good view from any directions, so I´d have to walk up the hill. Let´s head for that uprooted tree, I thought, in the very same moment that I felt the pee shooting out and start streaming down my legs. I clenched, bent over, tightened every little muscle I had, but I couldn´t hold it back. This was it. I was losing control. Not in one exploding waterfall, but in gushes that kept repeating themselves.

I regained control for a second and then helplessly lost it again. Caught up in a wide range of emotions I still managed to take up the phone, and film myself, while losing another big spurt into my jeans, still thinking I should get out of the way, I shouldn´t be standing here filming myself peeing my jeans in full view from the trail, and I shouldn´t be peeing into these shoes, and fuck I can´t stop it, and it feels incredible... I wasn´t giving up, I kept trying to stop the flood, while making my way up the hill, but it was too brutally forceful. The spurts just kept coming, I kept peeing my pants.

When I finally reached that tree I was wet all way down the back of my right leg, but these my favourite wetting jeans absorb great so at least nothing had gone into my shoes. I sat down on the tree, leaned back and let go of the rest. It was still a lot, and to finally allow it all to come out, feel it pool down my butt before streaming out between my legs felt amazing.

I undressed and put on my sweatpants, but kept my wet panties underneath on the walk home as a nice naughty reminder of what just happened. I forgot to bring a plastic bag for the wet jeans, so I had to wrap them up in my rain jacket before putting them into my backpack. It didn´t matter, I think that rain jacket smelled a little bit of pee anyway from an earlier adventure. Now it´s all in the washing machine, and here I am, instead of preparing a mushroom dinner I´m finishing another story, that for a change didn´t take me a month to write, because I seemed to just go with the flow today. Sometimes that´s awesome!

20210914_122937.mp4

*004*2021-09-16 08:17

{{On 9/15/2021 at 12:54 AM, wetskipants said:

Great jeans for a wetting. They really soak it up beautifully ... and show it off just as well!

}}

Yeah, they´re fantastic. Once at home I peed slowly in them in front of the mirror, and I managed to get them wet all way around, only small dry patches around my hips left, and yet not a single drop on the floor.

*005*2021-09-16 08:21

{{2 hours ago, watchingherhold said:

Another wonderful holding adventure brilliantly written. Thank you so much for sharing.

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it. I think this is honestly one of the best wetting experiences I´ve had on my own. The struggle to stay dry, and then dramatically lose it, was so intense.

{{6 minutes ago, Gatorsandgeese said:

So beautiful thank you for sharing, lovely.

}}

Thanks! Yeah I really had a beautiful time there in the woods!

*006*2021-09-16 08:35

And here is a short vid and a picture from the final release, failed to add it to the first post.

20210914_123006.mp4

$$

*008*2021-09-19 19:17

{{19 hours ago, coloradowet said:

Lovely story and those look like great wetting pants! You sport them well

We had a great mushroom season here in this part this year too! Porcini and chentral's were more abundant then Id ever seen them! Guess other people had some good luck finding the morels too!

The combo of desperation and being out in nature has always been my favorite!

}}

Thanks a lot!

I´m glad to hear there are other mushroom lovers here. We´ve had a great porcini year too, but their season seems to be over now. On my next desperate/wet walk I´ll look for my absolute favourite, the Arched Wood Wax that smells like honey!

I totally agree, I´m very passionate about spending time in nature, and when I can combine this with another passion of mine it´s just perfect!

