Had an accident in school

Author: Drakon

*000*2020-01-31 16:00

A little background info first:

Been doing holds a lot this week, and my bladder is most likely weakened from this kind of activity. I almost always have a change of clothes in my bag (or at least panties in case i leak badly).

I had done a hold a few hours before this event that resulted in me wetting my leggings, so i switched into dry leggings and spare panties before I went to class.

(Storytime begins)

I was casually sitting in my ethics class worried about a possible quiz (but at least its open book/notes). Turns out the quiz is the following week and we just discussed our reading assignment. Nothing much really happened in class but it was about an hour long and by the end I had the teeniest of urges to tinkle. Nothing super exciting, maybe like a 3/10.

I crossed campus to get to the building where my next class would be and just hung around on the omo discord channel. It was eventually decided that I should do a hold in my next class (an almost 3 hour class). I assured everyone that I wouldn’t let anything bad happen, as we had periodic breaks. If I had a serious urge to pee I would just take a break, no problem.

So I go to class at around a 3.5/10. Around 30 minutes into class i drank about half my water bottle (so like 250 ml). I knew it was a lecture day so there wouldn’t be a surprise quiz or something either (there are no pop quizzes. We have a quiz every Tuesday and today was Thursday).

My professor finished up the lecture around the 1 hour mark and told everyone that we could leave if we wanted and the rest of class would be for any extra questions, so I left (free time? Oh yeah!).

I knew my sister wouldn’t be able to pick me up for another hour, so I decided to hang out in my school’s cyber cafe and be on discord. My urge had grown a little bit but it was still manageable (5/10). I put in my headphones to mask my little foot bob, hoping someone would mistake my minor desperation with jamming out to music.

All was fine and dandy. Then around 20 minutes later I felt a small spurt dampen my panties. It was super unexpected! My urge was nowhere near the leaking stage yet, so what happened? I got a little concerned so I packed my things quickly and made a beeline for the bathroom. It was near the middle of the hallway’s length and the hallway was like 30 feet away.

As I approached the bathroom all hell broke loose. And my dam broke. Like my desperation spiked as if I got hit by a soccer ball or something, and I felt a rush of warmth running down my inner thigh. This panicked me more so I rushed into the bathroom with my hands uselessly between my legs and it wouldn’t stop!

There were no available stalls, and I was peeing.

And peeing.

And peeing.

Never could I imagine how loud the splattering sound against the tile would be, and I’m certain everyone in the stalls heard it and my whimpering too.

My face was red and all blushy, and my whole body felt hot with embarrassment. I’m pretty sure my legs were shaking. Like, I just peed myself in the middle of the bathroom. People are in here. I awkwardly stood there with my pants dripping into my shoes and on the floor for what seemed to be forever, until I finally heard a toilet flush.

The worst part of this was the sympathetic look the lady gave to me when she stepped out of the stall. I even more awkwardly stepped past her into the stall to assess my situation.

I was already panicking and kind of in shock at what happened. And then it dawned on my that these *were* my spare clothes.

It would be an understatement to say I shed a few tears.

I sat there on the toilet in my sopping pants with tears running down my face (my tears only made more heat rise to my face). Its funny how when things like this happen you’re aware of every small detail, so I was consciously trying to not sob.

I took to discord to explain my predicament and to seek some advice. I’m not good with names but someone asked if my other leggings were less wet. I checked but they still had a wet spot on them, but it was a lot less damage than the ones I was currently wearing, and my skirt could mostly hide the damage.

I switched to my less wet clothes and waited there in the stall. I knew my sister would be arriving to pick me up soon, so I stayed there until she would be arriving.

I tried to compose myself and had dried my tears with my sleeve and used some toilet paper to blow my nose. I tried to pull my skirt’s waistband as low as possible to hide more of the damage, and I nervously exited the stall. The bathroom had cleared out at this point and I shamefully left the bathroom, well aware of the wetness between my legs. I felt even more shame for leaving the puddle but it would be very hard to cleanup with only toilet paper, and I couldn’t take the humiliation of someone walking in on me drying a puddle (and the sheer amount of tissue I would have to use is unimagineable...).

I felt myself blushing as I crossed the building, hoping no one could see the obvious wet spot that stretched halfway down my inner thigh. I saw my sister’s car waiting by the curb outside, so I exited and sheepishly made my way to her. I told her it was just water I spilled in my lap, but I dunno if she bought it. The entire ride home was awkwardly quiet and I changed into some dry, comfy sweatpants when we got home.

Soooo... I’m gonna give my bladder a break so this doesn’t happen again anytime soon.

Like there was no way that lady didn’t know...

$$

$$

$$

*004*2020-02-13 15:29

{{On 2/11/2020 at 5:52 AM, Nils JD said:

Did you get your sneakers wet this time? Despite all the effort of cleaning, I love wearing sneakers when I wet myself.

}}

Yeah. It might be hard to see but my socks got soaked on the bottom (the left more on top too). My shoes were mostly wet on the inside bottom and some on the sides, and I tried to dry them a bit with toilet paper.

