Took Too Long

Author: ShyShyWetter

*000*2021-10-22 03:47

Okay, so I have a roommate named Wren now! She’s super awesome and really nice! We share an apartment semi-close to our school, so about 20 minutes. Anyway, I had just finished school. Wren had not been feeling well, so she had stayed home. I had to use the bathroom pretty badly, as I have a strict teacher who doesn’t really let us use the bathroom during his lectures. It took an extra 10 minutes to get back because of some traffic, so by the time I did get home I was a little more than desperate. Well, Wren happened to be in the bathroom, our only bathroom, and was taking quite a while. She was feeling very sick and almost like she was going to throw up!

I told her that she could call me if she needed me, and then went to try and get some homework done. I was super distracted though, I mean I had an almost full bladder! Another 10 minutes passed, and Wren was still in the bathroom. By now I had to go so badly, but I didn’t want to stress out Wren in case she really was going to throw up or something like that, so I stayed put, legs crossed and squirming. I had a bit of water left in my water bottle because I had a bit more while waiting, which had NOT been a good idea. I started leaking all of a sudden, a small spot forming on my skirt. I was able to stop it, my hands shoved in my crotch, but releasing just a bit of it had made the urge so much worse. I heard the toilet flush, and Wren came out of the bathroom, looking a bit better.

She looked at me though, and immediately asked if I had to pee. I said yes, obviously, and tried to get up, but leaked A TON. So things were not looking good. Wren went back to sleep, and I slowly made my way to the bathroom, leaking with every step. At this point, I didn’t care, I just wanted to relieve myself! My bladder was at its limit, and I could barely move without spurting. There was a huge spot on my skirt, and a bit of urine was dripping down my crossed legs. All of a sudden, my body just gave up, and pee just exploded out of me! It felt so good, but I was so embarrassed because Wren had walked in when I was peeing myself. She was so understanding and nice though, and told me it was okay. That’s the story for today my friends, hope you enjoyed! My next post will either be art or an oc story!

