Teacher Wet Experience

Author: Khlomo

*000*2016-07-06 06:55

This happened to me the other day and it was rather a comedy of errors.

I am a junior high school teacher and we had set up this afternoon where parents could come in and see their kids work. Usually we get a break around 1230 for lunch but we were so busy setting everything up I worked through lunch. The sharing afternoon was due to start at 3pm and end at 6pm. The bell usually rings at 250 so I figured I'd have a chance to race to the staffroom for a break before it started.

So this afternoon we are busy setting up and rushing around, I'm beginning to feel slight twinges every now and then reminding me I hadn't had a bathroom break but was distracted enough that it wasn't too bad. By 230, I was looking at the clock. "Okay, not long now. I'll let them go right on the bell, race down, pee and I'll be fine." 245, we're getting our bags and putting the final touches on our display boards and there's a knock at the window. One of the parents has already arrived! My heart drops- I can no longer race away for a break! "Oh, we have sport and blah blah just wanted to get in first and blah blah " Bugger. Oh well, it's not that bad yet. Maybe it'll be okay?

There's a steady stream of parents for a while, and I wander around the classroom making small-talk. Moving around seems to make distract my bladder mildly from the spasms that are coming more frequently, reminding me that the contents of that empty drink bottle on the desk are now sloshing around in there. And the can of coke I chugged in second period. And that cup of tea from morning break, dammit! How is it not even 4pm yet?? Surely they can't be serious if they expect us to stay for the full three hours?

I take a seat at my desk while the last of the parents leave and look at the clock again. 445. Seriously?? I jiggle my legs a little. It's getting cold now, with the door open right behind me. A shiver goes all over my body and threatens all too dangerously on my loaded bladder.

Only an hour left, only an hour left. An hour? Goddammit!! I look around the room, fantasising about emptying out one of the containers we used for our science experiments the other day, hiding out in the alcove and deliciously emptying my strained, groaning bladder.

As if joining me in the fantasy, my bladder gives a jolt, allowing the smallest of dribbles to caress its way out and onto my knickers. No, no, no. NOT here! I squeeze my thighs together and hold my breath, waiting for it pass. Okay, keep it together.

"Gidday, love. How's it going?" My husband has arrived, he's a teacher at another school and he's come to keep me company. Damn, this might have been easier to bear solo!

"Yeah, fine." My voice almost squeaks as all possibility of relief via sneaky alcove wee vanish.

Behind him, I see another parent and their kid following him in. I stand up to greet them and immediately regret it.

No, no, NO. Another small dribble makes its way out, I don't have to look to know there'll be a dime sized dark spot on my knickers. Luckily my dark skirt will hide it, for now. I stop, frozen half way up.

"You okay, love?"

"Yeah!" I stand all the way up. "Just stood up funny I hurt my back a little, is all". Crap, crap, CRAP. More dribbles, the patch grows. I squeeze my thighs together and use all my muscles to stop the flow. It's okay, not long now and I can race to the staffroom and use the bathroom. Oh, dear god, I have to make it!

As the parent finally leaves, and I go to turn off the lights, the principal pops his head in the door.

"Get on it, folks. I just came round to check everyone was heading out, I'm setting the alarms." Oh. Crap. Everything is locked up. Including the toilets. We start making our way to the car, and more small dribbles trickling slowly out of my now throbbing bladder.

As we get in the car, I stick my foot underneath me to apply some pressure to my throbbing pee hole, now wet with the dribbles that continue to escape. I jam my heel up and for a moment it provides relief.

"You feel like pizza?" My husband is blissfully unaware of my predicament.

"How about chicken?" I suggest, thinking I could go in and use the toilet if we get chicken, whereas pizza means a long wait, without a toilet.

"Sure, why not." Thank God.

He starts the car and turns to pull out, only to exclaim "Oh bugger, someone's shut the gate!" WHAT! "Never mind, I'll just have to get the key from someone". He shuts the car off, and seems to be moving in slow motion as he goes and finds someone to unlock the gate that someone has so stupidly locked. Come on, come on. I don't want to wet the seat!! Finally, he returns.

"I found Gill, she gave us her spare pair."

"Great", I rush, "and we can give them back to her tomorrow or.."

"No, I'll go give them back to her once we've got it open. She's said it a tricky one, it might take a while." Are. You. Kidding. Me.

While hubby is jiggling the gate, I'm jiggling my foot up and down underneath me, now no longer providing the same relief as it was. MMMMM come on, come on. COME ON!

I see Gill coming towards us, at least he won't have to go and find her. But then they start chatting. Blah blah, oh isn't it cold, blah blah, long day, blah blah, I am about to WET MYSELF HERE HURRY UP!!

He finally gets back in the car, and we're good to go. Every slight bump in the road, every corner, another small dribble trickles out and I can feel my heel getting damp. We pull into the takeaway car-park and the queue for the drive-thru is insane. "Oh, I best go in then!" I say, like it wasn't my plan the whole time...then, like someone was playing a horrible joke, we notice the giant sign: 'Drive-thru Only Available-Restaurant Undergoing Refurb'

NO. NO, NO, NO!!

The stress this sign causes must have gone straight to my bladder, because it gives an arch and pee hisses out for second. I tighten with all the strength I don't even feel I have anymore. Somehow, that stops the flow. But it can't be for long, surely my bladder won't hold on for much longer before it gives out.

I must have groaned because my husband puts his hand on my knee, "the line doesn't look that long. See, it's already moving." It's then I realise that we're already in the queue! ...Are you okay?"

"Honey... I haven't had a break since this morning!" I gasped out.

"Oh...OH!" His eyes open wider as he realises, and I stop trying to hide my jiggles and desperation. "Oh, sweetie, why didn't you say something!"

As the car in front of us moves forward, we begin to follow and the sudden lurch causes a temporary lapse in my bladder concentration. Another spurt hisses out and I can feel it trickling down my foot and onto the seat under me.

"Honey, I'm not sure I can make it home! I really bursting!" I gasp as another spurt escapes and warm pee begins flows over my heel and down my foot.

"Deep breaths, love. You'll be fine."

After we get our food, I can hardly focus. My mind is completely consumed my throbbing, swollen, leaking bladder.

We pull into our driveway, and I hand my husband the bag with our food. I can't move. How am I supposed to take my foot away? I wait until he gets out and shuts his door.

I take a deep breath. Not here. I open my door, the cold air causes more to hiss out. Please not here! I push up and out of the car as NOOO my muscles can no longer hold back all the pent up fluid and it hisses out, down my legs and onto the cold ground. I hold onto the car, my mouth open, in awe of this moment of ecstatic relief. A minute goes by and my strained bladder relaxes and sends signals of exhausted joy through my body.

My husband has made his way to my side of the car. The look of his face is one of sympathy and amusement. "You really were bursting, huh?" I smile back at him, and we make our way inside to warm up and dry off.

*003*2016-08-22 08:42

Thanks :-) I've been desperate in front of him, but in terms of wetting...I have epilepsy and I usually wake up wet so he's seen that a lot, and more recently I've woken up with a diaper (happy pants, we call them in our household!) on because he knows the likelihood of m having another seizure means likely more wet pants.

He's wet himself in front of me before. He had a spinal injury and so he has a reflex bladder, meaning it's like a baby's- It gets full, it empties. He's on medication now to stop it, and has to catheterise, but this one time shortly after his accident we were walking towards the shops and he suddenly grabbed at his crotch a bit, he had started leaking. Once his bladder goes, it goes and he had way less control back then so we just had to keep going into the shops with him peeing himself, as I asked where the bathroom was. Turns out they were downstairs so that didn't work! I told him that I always keep a spare set of clothes handy in case I have a seizure, and he should maybe do the same.

Being a teacher, I see a lot of desperation, and experience a lot myself. So I may have to start getting those stories down!

