Wetting and Messing Myself During a Gaming Session

Author: Breloom

*000*2020-12-04 05:12

This happened like an hour ago. There will be some poo stuff, so if that's not your jam you've been warned

I'm a Pokemon fan, although you'd never figure that out from my name and pfp lol. One of my passions is shiny hunting. For the uninitiated: Whenever you battle a wild Pokemon in the games, it has a 1/4096 chance to be a different color. Many people spend days hunting these things, myself included. Tonight I was settling in for a session. I was sitting on my couch in a croptop and some white and purple striped panties. I was feeling great. I had my Nintendo Switch, my controller, my copy of Pokemon Shield, some Chick-Fil-A (their shakes are to die for, believe me) and some cute undies.

I had gone since mid-afternoon without peeing and the last time I pooped was before breakfast, so I had some potty urges. It was nothing urgent and I'm like twenty feet from my bathroom, so if I decide to use the potty like a big girl I'm fine. I thought about diapering up, but I was all settled in with my game and my food and I just got comfy, so you couldn't have paid me to go to my bedroom, take my panties off, put on a diaper, and come back and get comfy again. Yawn. Anyways, I decided I'd make my meal/gaming more enjoyable with some holding.

Forty-five minutes passed. My chicken and milkshake disappeared, the Pokemon stayed their usual color, and I was beginning to feel my bladder needs become more pressing. I ignored it.

Another thirty minutes passed, and I decided to interrupt my evening to masturbate a little. I absolutely love playing with my pussy while I'm holding my pee. Nothing else happened.

Now it's been two hours since I sat down, and the pressure is getting to me. If I relaxed I'd probably soak my panties, and my bowels have reached a point where I'd usually go poo. I'm getting a little chilly, so I pull on a zipup hoodie over my croptop. My policy is to keep at least three sweaters laying around the living room at all times. I swear I'm not just lazy. Come on, guys.

I was so focused on my game that I didn't feel myself spurting for about two seconds. Once I noticed I quickly got my pee under control, but there was a small wet spot on my panties. And after I let that spurt escape, the rest of my bladder became even more desperate to follow suit. At this point I had one hand on the controller and one hand down the front of my panties. After a few minutes my bladder settled itself and I didn't need to hold onto my crotch for dear life.

I hit the 2.5 hour mark still going strong...ish. By this point I was spurting about once every couple minutes and my panties were getting warmer and wetter. I could feel my poo trying to come out too. My phone buzzed. When I got up to check it, a decent sized stream of pee exited my pussy. A few droplets appeared on the bottom of my underwear. I sat back down, but things didn't get better.

A few minutes passed. I had fallen back into my drowsy repetition of running around in Pokemon. I was kinda tired at this point. Suddenly I have my biggest leak yet. My panties are noticeably damp on the outside. A minute of clenching and I'm back in control, but only just. I need to potty real bad, but I'm kinda tempted to go in my undies. That and I still can't be bothered to go down the hall and sit on the toilet or put a diaper on. I kept holding.

Ten minutes later and I'm not in good shape. I'm squeezing my butt real tight and doing the sitting equivalent of a potty dance while holding my crotch. A few drops of pee get past my defenses and into my panties. I unclench momentarily as my other hand flies to my crotch. When I do, I feel a little poo sneak out. I clench again, causing more pee to spurt out. I grab my pussy, and lose another piece of poo. This is it. I stand up and release my bladder while pushing my poo as hard as I can. 

Soon I'm standing in a puddle in soaked, bulging panties. The smell of urine hits my nose, followed by a poopy scent from my bottom. I cautiously pulled down my panties to inspect my mess, then pull them back up. There's a pee puddle on the floor, but my poo is all safely in my pants. I went to the bathroom and posed/danced around in my messy panties for a bit before starting a shower and stepping out of them. After that I went back and cleaned up my pee, still naked after my shower. Now I'm sitting in bed, still naked and typing this up for your enjoyment. Which reminds me... I left the darn TV on. I should go fix that.

*004*2020-12-06 23:11

{{58 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Did you enjoy the wetting and messing? (I certainly enjoyed reading about it)

}}

Oh, absolutely!

*006*2020-12-07 00:14

{{22 minutes ago, jboarder64L said:

This was so cute Bre! Toilets are overrated anyway!

}}

