Accident outside my apartment

Author: eighthrune

*000*2018-02-16 16:38

The last time I posted, it was to tell the story of a hold that turned into an intentional but slightly premature wetting. I had thought that was the end of my adventures for the day, but it wasn't.

My roommate had gone to Paris for a rugby match so I decided to meet a friend of mine at the pub to catch the game there. It was a big game, so this place was absolutely packed. The only person able to squeeze his way through the crowd was the waiter, who kept bringing our beers.

Beer always goes through me pretty quickly, and I think my bladder was still working overtime from my hold a few hours earlier, but I couldn't imagine fighting my way through the entire bar, up the stairs, and through the second level just to get to the bathroom... Especially if I'd just have to go again ten minutes later, which is what always happens. Besides, the game was exciting and I didn't want to miss any of it.

I figured I'd go at halftime, but so did the rest of the guys in the pub. I knew I'd have to stand in line until halftime was over, so I just stayed put and chatted with my friend. I wasn't feeling too desperate.

By the end of the game, I had to go, but it still wasn't overwhelmingly urgent. My friend decided to stand in line, but I thought I could wait until I got home. The desperation hit while I was waiting for him, and I started pacing, trying to distract myself. After he came back out I was regretting not going in with him, but I didn't want to annoy him by making him wait, so I just decided to get home as quickly as possible. We said goodbye and I started across the bridge, getting more uncomfortable with every step.

I was about halfway across the bridge when I felt the muscles at the base of my penis start to spasm, like a deep fluttering. The pressure from my bladder was hard, and I could feel it moving towards the tip. But I still thought I could hold it. It had barely been three hours since I last went – how bad could it be? And I was almost home.

I entered my courtyard with relief, because I had absolutely no doubt that I could make it up to my apartment and into the bathroom. But as soon as I reached the stairs, my urgency hit a new peak. There was something frantic about it that I hadn't felt earlier, even during my premature wetting. I didn't realize how tired I'd made myself with that hold. My body couldn't handle a second one so soon afterwards.

I ran up the stairs and jammed my key into the lock at the exact second my bladder gave out. It gave out all at once, uncontrollably. No leaks, no spurts, no dribbles. A full-on open-tap stream that I could hear hissing loudly against the denim of my jeans and dripping from my instantly-soaked crotch. The relief was so intense that it overcame the panic and I decided I would let myself go for three, four, five seconds and then get myself inside. Even after just a few seconds, I could feel both legs dripping and filling my shoes. The hot piss felt amazing after walking home in the cold. But I needed to get out of my clothes, out of my favorite shoes, off my welcome mat.

And I couldn't stop. I flat-out couldn't. The physical effort of it was too much. I'd spent all day holding my bladder, and it would let me hold it any longer. I felt a surge of panic as I realized how completely I had lost control. I could still hear the piss splattering against my jeans. The dark streaks were glistening wet all the way down to my shoes.

I got the door unlocked as quickly as possible and ran for the bathroom. It was a bizarre feeling, having the urine gush over my legs as I ran. When I reached the bathroom, I sat down on the toilet fully clothed and focused on getting my shoes out of the way. It was too late, though. The brown leather was so wet it looked black. Drops of pee were spattered inside.

My jeans were drenched through the crotch, down both legs, and through the ass. When I stood up, they felt like they weighed ten pounds. The toilet seat was wet all over, there was a growing puddle at my feet – even the wall would need to be wiped down.

I regretted having already done laundry, but at least my roommate wouldn't be home for a few hours, so I'd have time to start a new load. And I'd certainly learned my lesson – after a hold, my bladder is not to be trusted.

