My friend Amber

Author: DrEgonSpengler

*000*2011-08-22 19:54

A year or so after Megan, I met a girl in college named Amber. She was sort of seeing other guys and I was sort of seeing other girls, but we had a couple of classes together and would talk on the phone sometimes. Eventually, she started coming over semi-regularly, but then she decided to move back home to the East Coast. We still talked quite often though, and actually got to know each other a lot better as I was finally able to get her to talk about peeing. In fact, I would say that pretty much everything I know about this topic comes from her, haha.

It all started when we were talking on instant messenger one time and I asked about the last time that she had waited too long and peed in her pants. Rather matter-of-factly, she said "this morning". After some prodding, she explained to me that since she was in 6th grade, most mornings she will wake up and put a towel between her legs and she will pee a little bit, then hold it, pee, then hold it, until she is desperate and afraid that she is going to wet the bed and then she will get up and either go in the toilet or stand in the shower.

She even told me once that it is almost as good as sex, which I was skeptical about of course, but what do I know? haha! But the best part was that I asked if the next morning, she could call me when she was doing it, and she agreed. I remember calling her and my heart beating really fast as I was listening to this hot girl slowly pee in her pants then suddenly get up and say "I'm going to pee my pants!" and hobble to the bathroom while still trying to hold it until she jumped in the shower and just let it all out. This caused her to moan quite loudly, at which point I was like "dude, don't you have roommates?"

Something about being friends already and maybe the distance between us made her very comfortable about opening up about all this. She loved to tease me all the time about it, mostly saying "ummm...I like to do it because it feels good. But you like hearing about it, you're weird." haha, guilty as charged I guess.

The way that she got started having 'accidents on purpose' as she called them, was that one morning when we was about 12 she got up for school and had to pee so she went to the bathroom. She pulled her shorts and underwear down and sat on the toilet and just started to let go when her mom yelled something from downstairs. For some reason, she stopped her stream so that she could hear better, but before she could reply she realized that it felt really good below her stomach and in her girl parts to really have to pee and then start and stop. She did the stop and start about twice more before she let too much out and it didn't feel as good. Later that day at school, after lunch she had to pee and when she went into the stall decided to try again.

So she stood there holding it and before she pulled her pants down and sat down, she spurted a little into her underwear. She said it felt good and made her lgs feel sort of weak, so she decided to pull her pants down and sit on the toilet but didn't start going right away. She held it for a second, then let just a little bit out and held it again. She did this a few more times, then held it and started to push on her bladder while holding it. She said that felt so good that she a little "ooohh" escaped from her throat and she was scared she was going to have to cover her mouth. So, she decided to just let some more out and then decided to just go ahead and finish peeing. She always said that the whole peeing your pants thing is kind of icky to her, too messy and whatnot, but that by holding it and letting it go a little at a time until she can find somewhere to go is okay.

Sorry this little intro story isn't that detailed, but as you might imagine, this 'trick' of hers lead to a few for real accidents and lots of good stories - I'll see if I have some saved conversations somewhere on my old computer if that's of interest to anyone. Also, she really liked to call me once in a while and have me give her a 'mission', haha. Pretty funny. I'll share all that I can remember~

*002*2011-08-26 02:42

{{ 

Thats a cool story. i hope you find some of the other conversations to share they sound interesting

}}

Thanks for the words, Vicki. I found some convos that I had saved on an old laptop. Unfortunately, it's a cranky machine so editing and getting them on to this computer is a little more tricky than expected but i'm working on one to put up as i type this reply.

I keep checking for you on the live action forum, your 'shows' are the best.

Sincerely, a fan. haha~~

