Timings wrong.. accidents happen

Author: Uniee

*000*2017-11-15 18:42

Well today I got to leave a little later, normally I'd have my morning pee at 6.30am, then another "coffee" pee before I leave at 7.30. Today I woke at the same time but refused to leave the warm bed until 8.30am, by which time I was pretty desperate.. scissoring, squeezing... so I pissed as hard as I could.

I left the house before my second pee... uhoh 45 minute drive with rapidly filling bladder. Squeezing thighs, bouncing in my seat. Ocassional grab.

I made it to work with only minutes to spare (one more red light would have meant wet knickers).. and once again peed..

I usually relieve myself at lunch time, but today I didn't... having gone earlier.. and this is where my problems started. I finished work with a slight urge to pee, but nah, got stuff to do. I went to shop, having to bob when I went into freezer eisle as the chill hit my bladder. The drive home was nearly too much as a quick braking incident nearly ended up in a puddle. I squirmed into my house.. pee dancing when no one was looking.

Was going towards the bathroom when I remembered the story I had been discussing earlier.. I thought welll I'm only at 8.5 I'll write the story.. by the time I finished and uploaded the story I had to run to the bathroom clutching.. but did manage to make a desperate video... but then didn't have time to get my clothes off.. so jumped in the shower, seconds before it came out, no chance of stopping it.

Let me know what you think ?

IMG_0060.MOV

IMG_0061.MOV

Oops got these wet

$$

*002*2017-11-15 20:05

{{18 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

Excellent videos, yet again! Good to see what was pretty obviously a big struggle in the last few seconds. Doubt you were sitting still whilst typing up that story either?!

Good to hear that you decided to challenge yourself a bit on the way to work too. Risky!

}}

Wasn't a deliberate risk... but close call!!

It was a huge struggle at end... wanted to do more but it started to come out.

I was semi laid out to write story.. was grabbing tho

*003*2017-11-15 21:49

Dairy?

{{3 minutes ago, Despholder said:

Getting more dairy :-). Great vids

}}

*005*2017-11-15 22:00

{{Just now, Manowar said:

That was great everything: the story, the foto and the movies. Thanks for sharing. In my country we say: thank you for now and please for more :)

}}

Thanks.... didn't think I'd make bathroom.. when I did it was amazing..

*006*2017-11-15 22:08

{{Just now, Despholder said:

Daring, sorry

}}

Oooo yeah...

*008*2017-11-16 08:48

{{41 minutes ago, Akuji19 said:

Nice struggle I kinda love the way you show your anticipation

}}

Thanks.... was told to wait for a specific time so filming the struggle was actually real as was at 10/10

*010*2017-11-16 11:24

{{10 minutes ago, GreenChile said:

Love the story, if only you got caught in one more red light ???

}}

Could have been quite a puddle..

