I made my principal pee her pants

Author: Joeybear1999

*000*2017-03-09 07:21

I was probably in fifth or sixth grade, I know I was in middle school because we had a female principal, which I remember thinking was really neat for some reason.

I didn't think much of it at the time, but thinking back on it, she was absolutely gorgeous. Tall, about 5'10", with blonde hair, blue eyes, full red lips and a great body for sure. She always came to school (work, in her case) wearing a button-up dress shirt and black pants, I never payed attention to her shoes, though I'm sure they were smaller sized heels of some sort because I remember the click clacks her footsteps would make as she was patrolling the halls.

Anyway, I was in her office for something I'd gotten in trouble for, I think I drew a dick in a school library book or something, IIRC. I remember she was sitting behind her desk on her computer typing up some emails or something like that. Eventually she said we were ready to talk and walked up to the front side of her desk, leaning back slightly with her bottom obviously resting on the desk to support her weight.

She went on about what I'd done, why I should feel bad for doing it, etc. until she let out a deep breath and lifted herself from her ass-supported resting position and started doing this weird walking-in-place thing. I remember very vividly the next few details...

She went back behind her desk and pulled her swivel chair in front of me and sat down, but not as a person would normally sit in a chair. She had one leg up and behind her, clearly sitting on her foot in an attempt to keep back the impending flood. She kept losing track of what she was saying, and by that point in time my little mind had finally figured out she needed a piss badly. Now I wasn't young enough not to know how to play mind games, but I was however, too young to realize that what follows was a douchey thing to do. Pissed off that I was being punished for what I thought had been an epic LE PRANKE Xp, I started putting on a show.

"Can I go to the restroom? I need to go real bad, it'll only be a second!", I said, with an empty bladder.

"Absolutely not, we're having a discussion right now.", she responded, as firmly as someone using a shoe as a cork could manage.

"Please," I begged ingenuinely, "I need to go right now I don't think I can hold it!"

I knew she'd need to come with me to the restroom and that she wouldn't want me going alone, as I was being punished, and who wants a pissed pants kid in their office?

"Okay," she said through gritted teeth. "but I'm waiting right outside so you don't mess around in there!" Perfect...

We got up and I did my most stereotypical potty dance to remind her of her need, and allowed her to walk ahead of me and open the door. As she walked in front of me, I noticed she had her knees in an awkward position, one slightly bent over, and one bent into the other knee, resembling a 'k'.

We walk down the hall and it was obvious by that point that she was about to burst. "Alright, go and don't be long, you've got thirty seconds." she said. I comsidered that to be less of a time limit for me to get in and out and more of a time limit on her bladder.

I entered the rest room and, not needing to piss, I sat in the stall and counted up until 25, and walked out and turned the faucet on full blast.

"Times up!", she yelled shakingly obviously bothered by the running water.

"I'm washing my hands!", I shouted in response.

"HuRRY!!"

The way she shouted this out will always be ingrained into my brain, because it's a sound I recognize all too well. It was the shout of her bladder reaching its' last leg.

I dried my hands and walked out of the bathroom. She wasn't out there anymore. I waited for a few minutes before I saw her emerge from the girls' room looking relieved but also humiliated.

"Alright, back to my office.", she said, flustered. She must have ran to the bathroom at the last second. But did she make it in time?

Nope. She wouldn't keep forcing me in front of her, as if she didn't want me to see something. As she rushed me forward for the third time, I exclaimed, "I don't know the way back to your office!".

"*Sigh*, this way, quickly.", she said as she briskly walked in front of me. She had her hands behind her back, resting just below her bottom, clearly hiding something as her right arm was significantly lower.

As she gets just in front of her office door, the nurse swings her door open, which was directly in the path of her office entrance and Mrs. R (totally creative nickname I just gave her) throws her hands up to protect her face.

She'd pissed herself, clearly, if only a little bit. I could see the way the pee had went back and spread from in between her legs and crept back, favoring the back of her right thigh. She must have been crouching slightly while trying to her pants undone next to the toilet and lost control.

I dont remember much much after these details, but I think I went back to her office and she gave me detention or something. She was clearly embarrassed though.

Anyway, that was my only good school experience, if you've got any, I'd love to hear them! Also, yes, I am very resourceful for possibly contributing to her accident.

