Wet myself in my former friend's car, discovered I have an abnormally large bladder

Author: Daredare205

*000*2021-01-12 16:26

Some context before I get into the actual omorashi part of this story: I used to live near a friend of mine, we'll call him Rhyan. Rhyan didn't have any money and I would help him out by inviting him over for meals at least once a week, and we'd hang out and find some ways to use the favors he owed me. Often, we'd need work done on one of our cars and I'd show him how to do it and he'd do most of the dirty work. Well, this relationship went on for many years before I found out (after the omorashi story below) that Rhyan's family had a lot of money, and he had access to all of it. He chose not to, and took advantage of others so that he didn't have to spend money. He also sold diacritics and other drugs that don't give the high that you get from street drugs. I never really thought much of this, it seemed like he was just trying to make a few bucks however he could, and I was glad he wasn't involved in the local Cocaine and Meth groups.

The omo story below takes place after we'd been friends and I'd been helping him out for at least 2.5 maybe 3 years. I didn't know about his family's fortune at that point. I also didn't know that he had been taking advantage of me for such a long time.

Story Time :)))))

I'm 5'10", 180lbs, and I wear black glasses with dark blue highlights on the edges of the frames. I have clean, brown hair parted on the left and swept across my bangs. I was wearing a red cotton T-shirt that sat close to my neck, hiding all my chest hair. The arms did not come the whole way down to my elbows. I also wore black cargo pants, but not baggy. The waist was almost tight, but not uncomfortable.

After about 2.5 years of friendship and help from me, the two of us had enough money to go on a cross state road trip together while both paying for ourselves. This involved over 8 continuous hours of driving. We didn't want to have to stop anywhere for the night, so we left right after breakfast. I had 2 large glasses of orange juice and the milk in my cereal before we left. He had slipped a diuretic into one of my orange juices, but I didn't know about this until after this story ended and I confronted him for being a huge pain in my ass the whole trip. I think he thought that he could get away with it since I was away from everyone I knew that I could ask for help from.

Fast forward 2 hours and I notice the slight urge to pee. Nothing major, I just ignored it. We had been listening to several bands and every half hour we switched who's phone was hooked up to the radio so we each got plenty of our favorite songs. I was playing a lot of rock by Tobias Forge (MCC, Subvision, Ghost), and he was playing a lot of metal (Gojira, SOAD, Rammstein). We did this for about 3 hours before I mentioned that felt like I'd need to pee in a while. I said it really wasn't bad, I had just noticed that I kinda needed to go. He said he was feeling it too, but not too much. Another half hour and we stopped at Sheetz for food and to use the loo. I got a Chef Salad with a bunch of extras added to it, and he got a pair of cheeseburgers. We both got several drinks for the road. Fast forward 25 minutes and we're back on the road.

Fast forward about 2 hours and I've gotta go a little bit again. Just noticed it at this point, wasn't bad at all. I let him know, and he said we weren't too far away and asked me if I thought I could wait. I said it wasn't bad at all and I could probably do over and hour without any problems. Fast forward an hour and 30 minutes and I've gotta go. It's not an emergency, but I'm definitely feeling it quite a bit. I told him that I needed to go pretty soon, and I didn't think I could wait another 1.5-2 hours to get to the hotel. He said he'd keep his eyes open for somewhere to stop.

About half an hour later, I bring it up again and he says "Oh sorry I completely forgot. I'll stop next place I see."

At this point, my bladder is pushing against my pants and I decide to undo my button and zipper. I considered undoing the seatbelt, but decided against it. I was almost to the point of needing to lean forward. He noticed me undoing my pants and asked if I needed a bottle. I said no, but if he couldn't find anywhere to stop soon, then I probably would need it before too long.

The bottle in question was an empty 20oz bottle of gatorade.

Fast forward another half hour, and we're about half an hour from the hotel. At this point, I have to go SOOO BAD. My bladder was sticking out like a small party balloon. I had undone my seatbelt and was leaning forward. Several times, we passed obvious places that he could have stopped. I decided to stop asking and just plain told him "If you don't stop somewhere soon, I'm gonna end up peeing in your car." He just said that there was a bottle if I needed it, and we weren't far from the hotel. Well, the idea of the bottle was definitely growing on me. Over the course of 10 minutes, we were about 20 minutes from the hotel and I was squirming and bent forwards. I couldn't not grab myself, it was the only way to keep it from coming out in one big torrent.

I was so desperate it's not even funny. Finally, I grabbed the bottle and wet my undies a few small spurts trying to get my dick out to use the bottle. I lined the bottle up and let go. I was in absolute heaven, I could feel my stomach and bladder shrinking. About 20 seconds in, and the bottle was almost full. I knew I couldn't stop, I wasn't probably not even 1/3 of the way done. I started panicking and yelled things along the lines of "THIS BOTTLE IS TOO SMALL I CAN'T STOP PULL OVER PULL OVER EVEN ON THE SIDE OF THE HIGHWAY JUST STOP RIGHT NOW!!!!!"

He gave me this twisted look like he was taking pleasure in this. Well, I couldn't stop and overfilled the bottle several times over, making a huge mess on me, my pants, my seat, and a bit on the floor. I was so embarrassed. I was probably beat red, couldn't even really think. I remember I just wanted to cry.

We were at the hotel within 10 minutes and I had myself wrapped in a blanket to hide my accident. We went up to our room and I immediately showered and changed. When I came back out, he seemed to have come back down to Earth and apologized profusely for making me go through that. At this point, I was getting "the revenge boner". Not a real boner, but the hyped up feeling you get when you figure out a plan against a bully. He went to use the pool on the bottom floor, and I said I'd join him in half an hour or so. "I needed some alone time." In reality, I needed the time to look through his stuff to see if he had any more diuretics in his bags. I found one, bought us both drinks at the vending machines, added the diuretic to mine, took one sip, and switched our drinks when he wasn't paying attention.

Fast forward an hour and we're heading up to our room. I have to go again pretty badly and he hasn't said anything but he's got his hands by the sides of his waist, clenched into fists. When we got into our room, he said he had to go and I let him know that I had to go first, and that he owed me from the car ride. He agreed and I went in. I legit just sat on my phone on the toilet, enjoying my full bladder until I finally decided to actually use the toilet. About 10 minutes go by and now he's pleading. This was bliss to my ears and I legit was getting a hard on. I wasted more time until he went silent. I opened the door, and he was standing in a puddle. He looked the same way I did when I was in the car.

I told him that I'd call this even and we never spoke of it again. We stopped being friends a month later when I found out about his family's money and confronted him about it. At least he was honest with me and we just agreed to stay away from each other. He moved out of town for a new job a few months later.

