Girlfriend #1 accident #2

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-11 20:37

A few weeks after the last story took place - where Girlfriend #1 (Red) had a small wetting accident after we got back from a football game - she and I spent the day over at her friend Rose's house. There was no school that day so it was just me, Red, and Rose. Red and I hadn't done anything more than touch each other by this point, so there would be no sneaking away for sex (though we did touch each other under a blanket while watching a movie with Rose in the chair nearby...)

After lunch we were playing a video game - one of the older Mario games, though I forget which. Something happened that caused us all to start laughing. Soon both girls were doubled over in laughter, hands between legs. I was also laughing really hard and felt that familiar urge to pee when you laugh too hard.

Rose yelled, "Oh my God I'm gonna' pee my pants!" and kept laughing though she tried to hobble to the hallway and the bathroom down the hall.

Red responded in kind, "Me too!"

They both lunged for the hallway, still laughing, banged into each other, into the wall, and started grabbing at each other to be first in line and pull the other backwards, one hand on crotch, still laughing, now more because of their "race" to the bathroom. I followed them, still laughing myself, but now even more interested in their obvious need to go.

Suddenly Rose collapsed onto the floor yelling, "I peed!" She sat on her butt, back against the wall, legs spread wide and looked down, a wet spot the size of an egg visible on the crotch of her tight grey sweatpants.

This caused more laughter from everyone and Red stopped moving, crossed her legs, and exclaimed, "Now I'm peeing!" We all had tears of laughter on our faces. Red just stood there and I thought she meant she just peed a little, but I watched as wetness expanded across the front of her jeans and began pouring down the inside of her legs as she yelled, "I can't stop!"

This caused Rose to point and wail with more laughter, causing her to clamp her legs shut and crawl with one hand on her crotch towards the bathroom again while Red completely emptied her bladder, still laughing, into her jeans.

I was now both laughing and turned on and the distraction of the arousal caused me to lose focus briefly on my laugh inspired need to pee and I, too, suddenly felt a spurt of pee hiss into my briefs and the warm wetness against the palm of my hand that had been holding my penis over my jeans. "I just peed, too!" I announced, moving my hand away to see a baseball sized wet spot to the side of the zipper of my jeans.

Rose continued crawling to the bathroom and I could see that the wet spot under her butt had expanded to about the size of a dinner plate. She made it into the bathroom and didn't even close the door before hauling herself up onto the toilet, pulling her pants down, and beginning to release the rest of her pee into the water below.

As soon as Rose finished and came out of the bathroom I jumped in and peed.

Red just stood in the hallway, jeans completely soaked, still laughing about it, like the rest of us.

So all three of us wound up wetting ourselves - me just a small amount, Rose a decent amount, and Red completely. In spite of everything I now had an obvious erection I tried to hide, though my jeans did little to help.

Rose and Red locked themselves into Rose's room to change out of their wet clothes, with Red borrowing from Rose. It was decided we should wash the peed clothing, so I was given a pair of loose sweatpants to wear, though I had nothing to wear under it. Rose took the peed undies and pants and tossed them into the washing machine while I sat on the couch under a blanket, trying to hide my erection since the sweat pants only made it obvious.

Rose and Red came back out of the laundry room and Red sat back down next to me, blushing, made worse by her red hair and complexion. I told her not to be embarrassed.

Red said, "But this is the second time in like a month that I've peed my pants in front of you, and this time I really peed my pants."

I said, "Really, it's ok. I don't mind."

Rose said, "In fact, from the looks of things I think he might like it!"

I tried to brush her off, but she said, "C'mon, we can tell you have a stiffy! Admit it! It turned you on!"

I tried again to deny it but Rose persisted and finally I gave up, "Fine! Yes! It turned me on! Happy?"

The two girls laughed, though good-naturedly, and Rose teased me a little about it, but Red was nice enough not to make fun of it and relaxed and was less embarrassed knowing her accident didn't disgust me - quite the opposite.

In fact, the next time we were alone we were even able to talk about it, but that is another story... I think this one has gotten long enough.

*007*2011-03-14 12:58

The girls were cool about it because Red was my girlfriend and Rose was pretty kinky herself so she had no room to talk and she was accepting of other people's kinks as a result.

*008*2011-03-14 18:19

This is what happened when Red and I finally talked about it.

(Note: exact conversations can't be quoted exactly verbatim as it happened so long ago, but I remember the big pieces and try to fill in the smaller pieces as best I can remember or a reasonable fill in if not exact.)

The story where all three of us wet ourselves a little took place on a Friday (no school). The next day, Saturday, Red and I went out for a date that evening. On our way driving her back home we stopped off in a dark place where couples could park and make out. So we did. We made out and I had fingered her and now she was giving me a hand.

Nothing was out of the ordinary, I was just sitting there enjoying her doing her thing when she just asked, "So it turned you on when I peed my pants?"

I was surprised by the timing of the question more than anything, but mumbled, "Yeah, I guess it did..."

She said, "It's ok. You don't have to be embarassed about it. Whatever floats your boat, right? I'm just glad you weren't disgusted with me!"

We smiled at each other. I said, "Of course I'm not disgusted with you. I think it is kind of endearing and sexy when a girl has to go bad. I don't know why..."

She said, "I admit it is a little weird... I've never heard of it before, anyway."

I said, "I kind of have but it isn't exactly something most people admit to."

She said, "I guess I can understand that."

We were quiet for a moment while she continued with the handjob she was providing.

Then she spoke up again. "It really didn't feel all that bad."

My heart skipped a slight beat. "Really?"

"Really," she said. "At least it was just you and Rose and all of us did a little. But when it was actually happening it wasn't so bad."

I asked, "What was it like? How did it happen? Tell me."

She smiled mischeiveously at me and I knew from the look that she was doing this just to turn me on! She said, "Well... we were laughing and all of the sudden I had to go really bad and knew I didn't have much time to get to the bathroom. But then Rose did, too, and that just made it funnier, and that just made me have to pee more. Then when we started fighting over who could go first in the hallway I started to lose control and felt a little come out. Then when Rose showed us her wet crotch that made me laugh more and suddenly I couldn't hold it any more and it just... all came out."

It was that moment that I also couldn't hold back any more and made a large mess of her hand, my lap, chest, and stomach. It may have been the biggest orgasm I'd had up to that time.

She just giggled the whole time until I was finished and as she wiped her hand off with a napkin asked, "So you liked that, huh?"

I said, "I think you know the answer to that," while I also tried to wipe off.

We kissed and settled back in to take her home.

As we drove she said, "So I guess you were turned on last month when I peed a little after the bus ride from the football game, too, huh?"

I said, "Very much so, but I didn't think I could say anything."

She said, "That's ok." She was quiet for a moment, then said, "Those aren't the only times I've peed my pants, you know." Her voice had an obvious quality of mischief to it. She was enjoying toying with me, and it was very sexy.

My heart started pounding again and I said, "Oh, yeah?" I tried to sound normal, but it probably came out more as a squeak.

She laughed and said, "It doesn't happen super often, especially now that I'm older. But sometimes if I laugh too hard or something a little will come out."

I asked, "How much?"

She said, "Not a lot. It doesn't usually show on my pants or anything, just gets my panties a little wet."

I said, "Any other bigger accidents?"

She said, "Well, besides yesterday... and the bus was a little big... it's been a couple of years since I had a big accident. I was 13 and we had gone to visit family in <nearby state> and on the way home I really had to pee but mom didn't want to stop and told me to hold it. I tried, but after a while I couldn't any more and it started to come out and then I couldn't stop it and I just sat there and soaked my pants and the back seat of the van."

I asked, "Any more?"

She said, "Not really since I was little."

I said, "Oh, well. There's always the future," and I smiled at her. She smiled back and said, "Maybe. Accidents happen, right?"

I dropped her off at her house and had to take care of things again after I got home replaying the night in my mind.

*010*2011-03-16 14:12

{{ 

Both stories are great! I'm very envious of you, sir. I'd like to think I'm pretty lucky, but with my experiences, neither party knows that I'm into this stuff.

}}

It was a phenomenal experience (both). Sadly not much quite as amazing has happened since tehn. A few more things I can share, though, that were good. But this will always be quite special.

