Fun Saturday OMO - desperation, wetting

Author: JetStreamPhoto

*000*2018-05-12 19:19

I am glad to have time this Saturday to play with my OMO fetish.

I got super hydrated this AM and decided a hold and video was on my agenda.

At start of video, I am seen with pee dance and just a minute or less before I give in to the urge.

Wearing a white thong that become mostly see through as pee starts - so caution to anyone who dislikes male anatomy showing (partly).

Hope someone enjoys this. I accidentally hit wrong phone button so the video cuts off, but I flipped video back on rapidly for finishing to completion - will post if enough positive response. Also, I definitely couldn't empty bladder and have intent to do more fun in hour or so.

IMG_3870.m4v

*002*2018-05-12 21:30

{{48 minutes ago, Uniee said:

Gorgeous x

}}

Thank you! And here is another 30-second snippet of video since I accidentally hit the wrong button. This video starts only 2 seconds after the previous.

IMG_3871.m4v

*005*2018-05-13 13:53

{{5 hours ago, blasseroz said:

Lower torso, legs, crotch - it's all I see of men in any case - and in such good shape. Thanks heaps!

}}

Well thank you. I have shown more to very special friends. Gotta be careful though as most of us wish to remain anonymous.

*007*2018-05-15 21:48

{{1 hour ago, wetisthebest said:

I'm not sure why I clicked on this as I'm way more into female omo but I have to say I'm extremely glad that I did!

First of all, I'd just like to say you've really got an excellent body! And secondly, the way you're constantly groaning and sighing and moaning in this video - very hot! Also, I noticed that your thighs were literally trembling - that's extremely hard to find in videos and it makes it so much more realistic and desperate! Loved your pee dancing.

Thank you so much for sharing

}}

Hahaha. I’m certainly fond of female wetting also but have been experimenting with my own things more recently. And, yes, I re-watched the video myself later the same day and noticed the shake in my thigh muscles and yet I had no idea I was shaking like that during the deed. Glad you liked it.

