He did it!

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-11-01 22:31

If you have read these two stories:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/69788-sneaky-kitchen-wettings-in-front-of-partner/?do=embed"

$/67895-fancy-photo-session-by-the-river/

You already know that one of my most joyful omo-activites has been to be sneaky around my partner, wet without announcing it and then wait for him to notice. I´ve been surprised about how easy it is to get away with an obvious wetting right in front of someone. I mean, I, as an omo lover, (and all of you, right?) would have noticed it immediately. That´s what I thought…

Already after the first time I did this, S said “Two can play that game”, so I knew that sooner or later he would try to get his revenge. But still he caught me completely off guard.

We had been hanging out in the city for a while, before taking the bus home to where S lives. Our plans for the rest of the night was to chill, eat some ben&jerrys, and have a serious talk about our kinky schedule and how it´s proceeding. Yep, it´s almost like we have some kind of business talk/conference meeting kink. It started when we were listing things we had done and wanted to try, role play scenarios and other things, and then it escalated into serious invitations to online meetings and convents in foreign cities with scheduled activities much less innocent than they look like on the paper. However silly this whole lists/meeting/report set-up may seem, it has been a great way to communicate what we´re doing, give ourselves time to elaborate what works and what doesn´t, talk things through and move forward. And we have so much fun doing it!

Even if our fetishes are always present in the mind and in the talk, we have had a lot going on in life this autumn and not really the time and energy for many big adventures. The urge for it has been growing upon us though, and it was now time to go through and revise our old project plan again, see what new ideas were coming up. We sat down in the sofa, and went through the first section.

The annual celebration of the first time I wet myself with S must be in high priority. It´s an awesome memory. He was joining me at work, the whole night being very intense, and on the way home we lost all sense of time and space, standing for an hour in the dark while I was slowly wetting my uniform pants over his hand. We want to do this again.

I´m scrolling through my work schedule on the phone.

“Maybe Friday in two weeks. I end my shift at 1,30 AM, isn´t that perfect? Let me check what routes I have, maybe we could have a restaurant dinner during my break… “

I´m pretty caught up with my phone when I also start checking around the other work shifts I´m having next month. Parts of my mind half registers that S has turned quiet, I might have lost his attention, and he´s no longer sitting next to me. I really should quit this now, we should keep talking about more interesting stuff.

When I finally put down the phone S is standing there smiling.

“You really have a tunnel vision, don´t you?”, he says, and first I don´t get what he means, but then I lower my eyes. Damn.

There is a plate size wet spot at the front of his grey jeans.

My first reaction is, I´m pissed off, almost offended. How could I let him get away with this so easy? He says he´s been standing there leaking slowly into his jeans for five minutes right in front of me, how could I be oblivious to that. Fuck that phone! Now I missed that breath-taking wonderful moment of watching the first little dark spot appear and start to grow. He´s laughing at me, and the look on my face.

“I love you”, he says.

“I can see that!” I smile. Now my initial confused response is turning to pure excitement. I´m moving closer to him, reaching out my hand to touch his jeans. I feel the cold wetness on his thigh, then I follow the patch to where it started, at the tip of his cock, where the fabric is still warm under my fingers. And… Oh. It´s suddenly getting even warmer. He´s wetting himself right now. I see his jeans starting to glisten under my hand, as the pee soaks through, and the patch keeps growing further down his right thigh, towards his knee, and even further.

I´m not really into pee smell, but this scent of freshly wet jeans fabric definitely triggers something in me. So does the sound, as he stops breathing and I can hear the quiet little hiss from another pee stream hitting his underwear, and so does the hot wetness against my fingers. All my senses are now focused on my boyfriend wetting his jeans for me. I ask him if it feels good. He says it does. He says he really needed to go. And he´s going again, this time so hard that a little river flows down my arm, and there´s a few drops landing at his feet. There´s not much room for big pee puddles on this floor, so we´re moving to the bathroom.

It´s a pity my own bladder is empty, but he´s still wetting. I alternate between being close, touching and feeling, and take a few steps back to take in the whole picture of him, standing here soaked with his feet in a puddle. He´s peeing all the way down his right leg, and then he puts his hand into his underwear to change directions. I´m a little bit jealous about how penis-owners can actually wet themselves “from scratch” twice in the same pants, but it´s perfect now that I can get a chance to watch what I missed earlier. I´m transfixed looking at his dry leg getting dark, starting with a small spot breaking through, and then quickly expanding.

I´m so turned on now, I just need to be close to him. I take my jeans off, and push myself against him. His wetness is cold against my bare legs, but a few warm gushes are still flowing out. He puts his hand in my panties, and it´s oh so welcome. This is fantastic. His fingers bringing me closer to an orgasm, while I´m standing here with my legs pressed against his peed jeans. One of my hands touching all over the wet surfaces, the other one on his still dry ass. And he makes me come. It all explodes and I can´t stand up straight, I have to lean against him.

After I have catched my breath S pulls his hard dick out of his soaked underwear, and I help him messing up the bathroom floor a little bit more before we shower, and I´m still so turned on I must also touch myself just slightly.

After this little incident we return to the meeting, put some ice cream on the table and manage to go through every paragraph on the list. It´s generating a whole bunch of new ideas to explore. And of course we´ll never ever again do something sneaky around each other, we promise...

$$

$$

$$

*007*2021-11-05 00:00

Thanks for great response! Yeah as you can see it was a very hot experience. It's still on my mind and I have told my partner i'll never be looking him in the eye again from now on...

