Encounter At a Locked Park Bathroom That Shows the Difference between Men and Women Seeking Relief Outdoors in the Age of Covid

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-03-22 16:12

Two weeks ago I posted this good sighting I had of a woman desperate at the bookstore and how much pleasure it gave me to tell her that the bathroom was closed for cleaning and everything, and how I enjoy talking to her for an extended amount of time as she was clearly shifting around in desperation. And it seems like the universe, or increasingly these days the desperation gods, don't let me enjoy anything like that without forcing me to pay the piper and dance for others so to speak.

Today I was at my job again and once again my optimism was misplaced. Recently more of the places I have gone have had the bathrooms open now that Covid seems to be in retreat, but the place where we went today and the last couple of days was unfortunately closed, so that was a big disappointment. More disappointing because I had to go to the bathroom earlier than I normally do. Luckily my desire to go to the bathroom fluctuated somewhat and went into remission for a while.

While I was sitting in the van right across from where the bathrooms are, the locked bathrooms, occasionally I would see some people approach the bathroom and then walking away looking disappointed. Maybe it says that I am sort of evil seeing as even while I was desperate myself I was enjoying seeing these other women going towards the bathroom only to walk away disappointed at being unable to go to the bathroom. I guess I'm a little bit of a bitch in that if I can't go to the bathroom it's nice to see other people not getting to go to the bathroom as well! It was even nice to see one of my coworkers went to see if the bathroom was open at one point to find that it wasn't, inadvertently revealing to me the fact that she had to go, even though I could have guessed as such myself anyway.

But anyway after it had been about five hours since I had gone to the bathroom and I was really starting to get to that point of major desperation, I noticed that there was sort of this really heavyset woman who was sort of going back and forth to the bathroom. Like every couple of minutes she would walk away and then she would come back and she would look really aggravated over the fact that the bathrooms were locked. I have to admit knowing that she had to go to the bathroom and seeing that she looked uncomfortable, well what can I say, maybe I'm a bitch but I was totally enjoying every minute of it! I even thought maybe I should go and tell her that the bathroom is locked and everything like that, but when my own bladder is full like that I really don't want to engage people in conversation, especially because even when my bladder is empty I tend to be shy and socially awkward.

Anyway after watching her getting increasingly desperate for a while I see this man with a boy and a girl come by where it looks like the little girl is hopping up and down like she has to go to the bathroom. They join up with the woman that I had been watching for probably a half hour looking annoyed outside the bathroom. And then eventually I get kind of socially awkward and nervous because I see them walking over towards me in the van because they clearly spotted me over there.

They are sort of waving to me so I get out of the van, which again with my full bladder is not really preferable, seeing as motion is not your friend, or at least it's not my friend when I really have to pee like that! But I could see that they were coming over to talk to me, so I walked over to them and say hi and all this other stuff.

Then the woman that I had been watching for a half hour, and I don't know if she knew that I was watching her, she basically asks me is there another bathroom around here because both she and her daughter really could use the bathroom. The man and the boy with her were her husband and son, and when they realized that the men's room was not open they just went and relieved themselves in the forest. Now hearing that immediately was just like a blow to my bladder, because that again is my personal pet peeve, situations where the guys can relieve themselves but the ladies have to keep holding. And you can see that both the father and the son looked like they were pretty content and comfortable, really loose, casual and unconcerned, and why wouldn't they, their bladders were empty!

The woman and her daughter on the other hand you could see were clearly uncomfortable. The little girl was sort of hopping up and down complaining that she really had to pee. And the mother said that she had been out in the park for hours now and she hadn't seen any sign of the bathroom other than the one that was locked. She eventually went to look for the bathroom herself but found it to be locked. Her husband and son who just relieved themselves out in the forest eventually came looking for her along with the daughter, who also needed a bathroom now, and they finally met up with her only to realize that it seems like the park bathroom was closed.

Given that it was especially warm day for this time of year and a really nice warm and sunny day, lots of people had been coming to the park, so she found it unusual that they didn't open the park bathrooms, but figured that because of Covid a lot of these places were still closed down. She said that she just noticed that I had been in that van for a while and she thought that I might know where there was another bathroom. So eventually I told her believe me if I knew where there was another bathroom I would be using it myself!

Next she asked the inevitable question how long I had been out there in that van and I eventually said that I had been out there for about 5 1/2 hours. Then she asked had I not used the bathroom and that entire time and I eventually said no I haven't, and she was clearly like wow, really. So yeah she was clearly impressed by that, but here's the thing, and again I'm not good at reading social cues, so maybe I am reading a lot into it, but the way she said that it was almost like it looked like she had sort of like a little bit of a smile on her face. I don't know if it was maybe because I was staring at her earlier while she was waiting outside the bathroom, but I got the distinct feeling that when she heard I hadn't been to the bathroom in 5 1/2 hour she was thinking that that was really interesting, like I mean interesting in a way that I think, maybe she is sort of into seeing other people desperate interesting.

So then we got around to talking for a little while and I told her about how often at these places the bathrooms have been locked due to Covid, and she said that she has encountered that problem in some places, but thought that it must really suck to be in that situation regularly. But the thing is, again as I was telling her about all of this, I couldn't help but look at her face and she looked like she was glowing, like every time I was telling her about all the situations about where I had to hold it all day and everything like that she is sort of saying yeah that sucks and stuff like that, but I keep getting the distinct impression that she is finding it really amusing in some way.

And as we are talking though I can't help but find it rather comical the situation where you can see that her husband and son looked really relaxed and they are occasionally laughing and everything like that, and yet me, this woman and her daughter are clearly all sort of shifting around impatiently. So I feel like that that is like a total portrait of women seeking bathrooms in the age of Covid or just women needing bathrooms outdoors in general. You basically have these two men who are standing there looking casual and comfortable and laughing, and then you have these three women who are standing there and clearly looking uncomfortable and shifting around.

I don't know but something just about that whole image I thought just encapsulates everything about the differences between the sexes when it comes to bathrooms. Again maybe I'm reading too much into it because of my own fixation on bathrooms and sex differences in regards to them, but I just couldn't help but find it comical that you see these three women standing there and basically doing the potty dance while the men are just standing there clearly finding it rather funny but completely comfortable themselves and everything like that and seemingly largely indifferent to the fact that the women around them are obviously uncomfortable and really want to use the bathroom.

Eventually the woman's daughter keeps complaining about how she has to go to the bathroom and she figures that she had better get going and find a bathroom soon and everything like that. She asked me how long until I will be leaving and I say that probably optimistically about another hour hopefully I will be back to a bathroom, and once again I can't help but think that she seemed like she was amused by that. Again I'm bad at reading social cues, but I couldn't help but get the distinct feeling that she was amused by the fact that she was thinking that I am not going to get to go to the bathroom for another hour!

And then as I see the woman and her family walking away going off to go to find a bathroom all I can do was stand there and feel an insane sense of frustration. I almost felt like screaming take me with you! But yeah I watched them sort of walking off to go over to their car and leaving to go find bathrooms while I was basically stuck there for another hour standing there with my legs crossed waiting for relief.

And the funny thing was that some of my coworkers came over and asked who I was talking to and I just said that that woman was looking for the bathrooms, but I told her that they were locked and they decided to leave and everything like that. And again maybe I am reading too much into the situation, but I couldn't help but notice that my male coworkers seemed like they were also amused by that situation almost sort of like oh yeah, right the bathrooms are locked, like it doesn't even affect them or phase them. My female coworkers didn't say anything but I could tell just by looking at them we sort of exchanged a glance that is like are you freaking serious, are you freaking kidding me! So I knew that they were probably thinking good God I would love to use the bathroom right now just as much as I was.

We ended up leaving not long after that and then it was a typical ride back to base and then the typical storming to the bathroom where my other coworkers managed to beat me to the bathroom because they are in the front of the van, but the entire time I was just thinking, I wonder what happened with that woman and her daughter?

But again I just felt like this whole situation just perfectly encapsulated the difference between men and women seeking a toilet outdoors, especially under Covid. You basically have these situations where the women are all sort of exchanging glances like, we need a bathroom, but the men who had managed to relieve themselves are just sort of like casual about it. So once again, a total world of difference.

And yet I thought it also made an interesting point that even though the men were the ones who were casual about it and sort of joking about it, regarding the whole situation as maybe little more than amusing, I also couldn't help but notice that the woman that I encountered in the situation seemed like, much like I did, like she was taking pleasure in the fact that another woman wasn't getting to go to the bathroom. So again while the men were the ones getting to go when we were all sort of in the same boat, I feel like we were still more competitors than we were in solidarity. Even when all three of the women in that situation needed to use the bathroom I couldn't help but the woman and the daughter felt like maybe they were having a victory because, sure we didn't get to go to the bathroom as easily as the husband and the son, but hey at least were still getting to go to the bathroom before that bitch in the parking lot!

So in the end maybe when even though men are the ones who get to go to the bathroom while we do not, I feel like women don't do each other any favors when it comes to helping each other gain relief. I think that to some degree lots of women find it amusing when other women are stuck in the same situation as them or a situation like that, and having been in these situations myself I can honestly say that I was enjoying seeing that other woman not getting to go to the bathroom as much as I think she was glad that she was going to get to go before I did, knowing that I would be stuck there another hour.

Once again I'm probably overanalyzing this, but I thought it was interesting to share with everyone and I was wondering what anyone else's thoughts are on this whole situation?

*003*2021-03-23 10:14

@segaface

I can also understand why they are closing bathrooms and it definitely has to be worse for people with disabilities but at the same time I am thinking, bathrooms are a very basic thing for navigating public life. Yes I get that there is a pandemic but dammit people still need the bathroom!

I think that for me though it's just much more intense and much more of a double whammy because until recently I have mostly been a homebody and have always been taking the fact that I always have a restroom available for granted. And now I find myself out in public and relying on public restrooms for my needs regularly for the first time ever and to suddenly not have those bathrooms available like I always have is especially frustrating. I've gone from basically always having a bathroom to basically having to do without, and once again it's extremely humbling but also very frustrating to now have to deal with this situation just at a time when a lot of people are at home and comfortably near their toilets all the time. It's just like the worst timing ever!

*004*2021-03-24 16:56

@DespLoveDennis

"You see the same expression when a woman for example talks about her relationship going bad. The woman she talks too often will have this same smile. Like it gives her comfort to see that other women also get into the same misery from time to time, that she is not alone. I think women get a lot of mental support out of the fact that others are sharing her misery."

I think that that is true as well, that's actually a very good point. Maybe misery just loves company but I do think that that is something that seems to be true about women in general. I mean we should be in solidarity but I think that sometimes solidarity and misery or just seeing other suffering the similar fate makes you feel better. I know it was much worse when I had all male coworkers in the summer, and I was really happy that this time at least I have two female coworkers so at least I am not suffering alone. But then maybe I'm just sort of a bitch because I like seeing them suffer full bladders!

"It's different from the guys that were laughing. For them it was just a comical thing, I guess. We guys like silly situations. A public bathroom, people going towards it, but it is locked! Hahahahaha!"

I think that that is true as well. Reminds me back in high school and they locked all of the girls bathrooms in between classes I would always kick the locked door to the girls bathroom and my guy friends would think it was funny because I would always go between every class, and now that I couldn't they thought it was just purely hilarious. I doubt they would be laughing as hard if it was their bathroom that was locked! But again that laughter is different from the laughter of the other women, because in that sense it's not in solidarity, it's just finding it amusing that somebody else is suffering a fate that you are not suffering.

To be fair though I think the guys might be a little bit more chivalric than women when it comes to these matters. I think that women are harsher on other women when they are in a situation where they have to go to the bathroom, where I think guys are more likely to be sympathetic towards a woman seeking a bathroom. But again I see the humor in the situation even if I am not the one laughing at the time! It is kind of hard when the joke is on you though.

*006*2021-08-07 13:51

I had an experience yesterday that was similar to this one that made me think of this thread and this previous experience so I thought that I would share that here as sort of like a follow-up of a similar situation of being at a locked park bathroom and encountering other individuals that I also posted about in my blog at 
%https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/7525.html

Case in point my situation today. Since it's a bright and sunny day there are a lot of people visiting the park where I happen to be at the moment, and once again the bathrooms happen to be closed. And as a person sitting in the van in the parking lot I can see the bathroom right from my vantage point, which is often the case because the bathrooms are often right in the parking lot area, highly visible, almost like mocking you when you know that they are closed.

I have seen numerous people going over to the bathrooms and then walking away looking disappointed, which I'll admit as a bitch puts a smile on my face because I like to see other people suffering if I can't go to the bathroom. I'll fully admit that I'm a champion of women's bathroom equality but if I can't use the bathroom I don't want other women to use the bathroom either! If I have to hold it I want others to hold it as well! But again the irony is that it seems like I consistently get stuck holding it while other women seem to be free to find relief.

I've actually seen a lot of people approaching the rest rooms and then walking away looking disappointed, although that's a small consolation when you are sitting in the parking lot looking at the bathroom all day yourself desperately wishing that it were open!

So this brings me to my situation today. So about two or 2 1/2 hours into my job I already feel the urge to go to the bathroom so I realize this is probably going to be an especially long and bladder busting day. Again I am in no danger of an accident or anything like that, I just really noticed the urge to go and can't ignore it.

But then I see this woman and her boyfriend walking over towards the bathrooms and everything and looking disappointed to see that it's closed. I don't know what exactly compelled me to say something, as I'm usually shy about approaching strangers, but I sort of got out of the van and said I'm sorry but the bathrooms are kind of closed and as far as I know there aren't any other ones anywhere else in the park.

The woman sort of nodded and told me that she has been to this park a lot of times before and that the bathrooms are very often closed and when they weren't closed they weren't really the most well-maintained bathrooms in the world, so she tended not to rely on them being open. I said it was probably because of Covid but she said even before Covid a lot of these parks like that just didn't maintain their bathrooms or have them open consistently, so she learned not to rely on public toilets. That of course is bad news for me in my situation because it suggests that these bathrooms being closed might not be a Covid situation exclusively, meaning that once Covid goes away I might still find myself lacking for toilets.

So from there I don't know what it was but it just sort of compelled me to spill the beans about how I was with this environmental group and all this other stuff and how I have found consistently since Covid it seems like all of these public restrooms are closed just when I need them the most, and I sort of gotten a little bit of a rant or a discussion unloading onto the stranger about my situation of often finding the bathrooms closed due to Covid and everything like that and just all about my job and everything like that.

She had the normal natural human response that I think anyone would think opening "wow that really sucks" with a little bit of, not mocking laughter, but just sort of like maybe like, wow yeah obviously kind of laughter. Sort of like when you laugh when you know something is sort of funny but it sort of not funny. And I felt like saying that I didn't even know where to begin with how much it sucks like that. But then she started telling me about how she has enjoyed hiking in the woods for lots of years and she has sort of learned not to rely on public bathrooms being open.

And I said of course that's fine if you're only going to be out for a few hours but if you're going to be out all day without a bathroom and you have to rely on public bathrooms you really notice when they aren't closed, and she said that yeah that must really be frustrating and everything like that. Again sort of laughing casually as I tell her my story, I don't think in a mocking way, sort of a sympathetic way, but still it's kind of hard to convey.

Then the guy who was with her basically says that he always just went to the bathroom in the woods and I tried to keep a straight face when he said that, but honestly you kind of feel like kicking him in the shin. And I said that that's kind of frustrating because the male coworkers would go to the bathroom in the forest and everything like that and I guess they assume people who would take a job like that would be willing to pop a squat in the woods. She said that she wouldn't really do that herself and that when she had to go to the bathroom she would eventually just go home because she doesn't live that far from the park.

So then we just sort of casually chatted for a little while before eventually see said that she really did kind of have to go to the bathroom so she figured she would just drive home quickly and use the bathroom. She even offered to let me use the bathroom at her house except I wasn't able to just abandon my post like that to go and use her bathroom. So I said thanks for the offer but I had to basically stay here, so she said good luck with that more or less and then she and her boyfriend got in their car to drive home so that she could use the bathroom, but she said that maybe she would be back later since he didn't live very far away and it was no problem for her to go home.

And here again is where I kind of feel like a bit of a bitch. Here this woman was really nice and sympathetic and everything and even offering to let me, a total stranger catch a ride with her and go user bathroom (and presumably or her boyfriend aren't serial killers), and all I could think as she was driving away was just how much I resented the fact that she could just have the luxury of leaving to use the bathroom while I had to stay there and continue waiting for the next couple of hours before I could use the bathroom. It was just like that other incident with the woman and her daughter where they both needed the bathroom and then they were able to leave the park leaving me hanging.

That again brings the point home that I was making earlier that I posted on the omorashi board. Here I was in a situation where I was sort of hoping that here was another woman who would be stuck desperate at the park all day, and yet once again the fantasy and reality don't match up. The fantasy is that she would be stuck at the park all day looking for a restroom, the reality was that she could leave, go home and come back and I would have to spend the entire time waiting there, which again just reinforces my point that even under Covid and everything like that most women can find some alternative to relieve themselves if public bathrooms aren't available.

I can honestly say after my experiences I will never put down public restrooms again as long as they are there. I used to say that if you didn't want to use public restrooms there were other options but sometimes those are the only other options and when you have to rely on them and they are not there it really really sucks! Again I realize that I am frustrated by a lost of privilege, I used to always be home always have my home toilet right there and now to have to suddenly rely on public restrooms all the time when they are not available you realize just how important they are to the women who need them!

Now here's where things got crazy. When the woman and her boyfriend left earlier and said that they might be back later I figured that that probably wasn't going to happen. But about a half hour later their car pulls up in the parking lot right over where my van is and she is back with her boyfriend but also these two other women that I guess are like her girlfriends or something like that.

She gets out of the car with her friends and she sort of waved to me and everything. I said that she was back rather quick and everything like that and she said that she was only a couple of minutes away from the park and everything like that. So naturally I asked her if she just went home to used the bathroom and then decided to come back and she said yeah, and then she ran into her friends and they decided to come back with her and everything like that. So then she's a sort of casually joke so I guess you are still holding it then, with sort of laughter, again not really mocking laughter, but sort of that this is kind of a ridiculous situation kind of laughter.

So I sort of joked casually that yeah I was still holding it and she wondered how many hours I had left to go and I said probably 2 1/2 to 3 hours and she said again that that was just totally crazy, and I am like yeah tell me about it. And her two girlfriends seemed like they were just like their minds were blown by that. You really hold it for 6 1/2 hours! One of them said that she would positively go out of her mind and the other one said that she would probably explode because she drinks a lot, and then she sort of held up her bottle and sort of laughed as she took a sip of that. Then she offered if I wanted to have a drink because she had more drinks with her and everything and I just politely said no thank you I had better not, and she said yeah maybe that's for the best, again with a laugh.

So then we just sort of casually hung out and chatted for a little while as these other women were sort of drinking from their juice bottles or their energy drink or whatever it is, the type of drink that hikers would likely drink I supposed to stay well hydrated and everything like that. And again I tried to keep a good sense of humor about it but this is just totally killing me honestly. Here I am with all of these women that I knew just went home to have a bathroom break and now they were sitting there with me drinking away, and I have to admit that watching them drink kind of made me thirsty as well! So I drank a little bit of my drink and everything like that but again I don't want to go crazy because I still have a good two hours left to go and I already feel a noticeable urge to go that I can't ignore.

Then things get a little bit weird I suppose when this girl and her friends and everything say let's take a selfie together and so to be polite I sort of go along with it. So once again I am subject of yet another photo where I am standing there probably with my legs noticeably crossed with all of these other people who got to go to the bathroom. Again they are probably not thinking about it like that, I don't seriously think that they're fetishists or anything, but one of the woman's girlfriends said something with a lot of laughter that this girl is seriously bad ass, referring to me. And I am like how I am bad ass and she said, no way I can hold my bladder all day like that!

I have to admit that comment almost probably made me blush as I felt really weird to hear that, and from me and everything like that. Here was somebody commenting on my bladder capacity and I had never heard anyone say that to me directly before like that in person. But then shortly after that she said that she and her friends wanted to get back on hiking so they said good luck to me for the rest of the day with holding it and everything like that.

So yeah then after that they kind of laughed and that was the last I saw of them so who knows if I will see them again before the day is over, but at the same time I was like this whole thing was just really weird. This was like the first time I had actually talked to anybody about my situation like that and they seemed like they were genuinely fascinated, not like in an omorashi since I don't think, like I said I seriously doubt they were fetishists, but they were seeing me standing there and thinking oh my God this girl is holding it all day long and they seem like they were pretty impressed with that.

Again I don't know how exactly I should feel about a situation like that but the whole situation blew my mind and is obviously going to be on my mind for a long time. But I just thought that since I was already updating my blog it would be ridiculous not to mention all of that while it was happening. I mean if anything more happens at the end of the day maybe I will mention it in my next update and everything, but just the whole situation was just sort of like a mind blown sort of situation.

*008*2021-08-07 14:48

@rebeljaffa

"Your bladder control is very impressive! I know it frustrates you and you probably shouldn't be in that situation to begin with, but at least there's something there that speaks to your fetish and can win you admiration on and offline"

Well I do take pride in the fact that I have managed to deal with this as well as I have, even though I said I could never in 1 million years do so, I sometimes feel that pride can sometimes be misplaced jealousy.

Again it's crazy to think that a year ago that I would ever find myself in a situation where I was one of those people who has to hold it for ages and somehow manages to do that and somehow made that part of my normal routine now, and somehow amazingly I did simply because you have to do what you have to do. But at the same time you can't help but think, why do I have to do it?!

Even that woman in the park who called me bad ass and took my picture with her I can't help but think that I have become something almost like a freak show, like see the amazing girl who has to hold it all day! I mean on the one hand you can take some pride in that but on the other hand it sort of like it reminds me of this thing with Sigmund Freud or something like that where they had this caption of a guy dressed really formally and everything calling someone a dirty hippie, and then you see a thought bubble in his head about how he wants to be rolling around naked in the mud.

This makes me think of my own situation, where I sometimes now look at other women and I think, look at all of those other women who can't hold it and I am sort of looking down on them and feeling prideful over the fact that I am able to hold it, the thought bubble in my head is I want to pee pee like everybody else!

So again there is that weird feeling of going from desperation used to be sort of a source of entertainment for me to now I am in a situation where I am the entertainment, and yet I am mostly dealing with the practical implications of it, sitting there with my legs crossed and keeping a straight face and everything all the while wanting to go run off with the women who are going to get to relieve themselves.

And I think that having to deal with the practical implications of it sort of makes you a little bit more serious about it. Like sometimes people in chat or when I post my status say why don't you try waiting a little bit longer since you have already pushed it this far, and I sometimes have to be like, yeah I'm not doing this for fun right now, this isn't recreational, I'm legitimately trying to make it long enough so that I don't piss myself!

It sort of like if you are at your job as a security guard and people kept inquiring over that you had to pee and that you couldn't leave your post eventually you have to say, yeah this isn't about me having to pee, I would like to pee right now but I have to do my job, so please keep that in mind! I know you are finding this really entertaining but I really really do have to pee, it's not a game!

*010*2021-08-08 13:59

@D0nt45k

“Misery enjoys company”, as they say.

I definitely agree that this is true, as much as I hate to admit it. If I'm in a desperate situation I want to see others stuck in the same situation, although it will make me sound even more like a bitch the ideal situation would be where I am not desperate but others are and I get to enjoy them without having to join in the suffering!

*012*2021-08-15 16:31

@DespLoveDennis

I don't know if it's a woman's thing but I do think that women empathize more with other people, and sometimes I think that women when they empathize also tend to become more sadistic paradoxically! But yes soon as the other woman gets to go to the bathroom and you don't you start to immediately begin resenting her I can say for sure.

I also think it might be partially because in so many situations women are ignored or not listened to, or women's pain is ignored or minimized, including the pain of a full bladder that we are just expected to endure, but when somebody else acknowledges the pain it makes us feel more okay about acknowledging the situation ourselves, and it makes us feel better that we are not totally alone or just expected to keep bearing the pain in silence.

