That Other Holiday

Author: JenniL

*000*2011-11-15 17:33

Hi everyone!

Welcome to my second story!

Ok, as before, this is the first time I have ever posted this anywhere, and have only told 2 of my close friends, so be nice!

Also, I will only mention people's names who I have told. Jimmo and Lizz. For the others I will just use a letter: G, M, C, V and H. Me and G got together later in the year, and are still together, so I don't want to mention her name as she doesn't know about my fetish.

I hope you all enjoyed my first ski story - fairly eventful! This trip to Central America was more crazy, but all worked out well in the end. I was pretty lucky though, won't be allowing myself into these positions again!

Right. As before, we all stayed at Jimmo's place as he was close to the train station. We all set off to London to catch the plane early in the morning, and we arrived in San Jose, Costa Rica almost 20 hours later. We went to our first hotel and got some sleep overnight ready to meet up with our guides the next day. We met our guides and took a bus to Drake's bay, around 8 hours away. Here we stayed in the most beautiful hut on the beach for 4 days, which we used as a base for scuba diving. I thought this would be the perfect opportunity to get desperate and pee myself, as no one notices if you are wearing a wetsuit!

In the morning of the first day, I guzzled a whole jug of juice, and hadn't peed since the afternoon after getting off the bus the day before. I was pretty desperate, but confident that I would get to the dive site before I let loose. However the boat's engine was causing a strong vibration making me really want to pee. About 20 mins into the boat journey I really had to go, and had to let a little bit of pee out, but didn't know how to cover it. Luckily, it started to really throw it down with rain getting us all soaked. This allowed me to let some pee out slowly, as my shorts were already soaked. I still wanted a full uncontrolled flood though, and I was getting pretty aroused. I could see through Lizz and G's t-shirts due to the rain, turning me on as I could see Lizz's nipples getting hard in the luke-warm rain.

We got to the dive site, just as the rain was subsiding, but we had to wait for the rain and wind to die down before diving. I quickly put my wetsuit on in case I had a accident,and waited for the weather to calm. About half an hour later, I was on the verge of wetting and was really turned on. Whilst the diving guide gave a reminder talk on how to safely dive, I straddled the edge of the boat with my legs, slowly moving my crotch up and down to help stop me peeing (and also because it felt great!). 

We put our kit on, and jumped in. We went down to about 15 metres, and at that pressure, my bladder was really aching, but I couldn't pee! The water pressure was too much, holding it in. It started to get pretty painful, to the point that I could be doing damage to myself, so me and G (who was buddy-ing me), surfaced. As we reached the surface I felt the uncontrollable and instant warm release around my crotch. I let out a noise of satisfaction - it was quite a release - and I saw G blush! Very exciting - did she like me like I liked her? G asked why we had surfaced and I told her I had to pee, but couldn't at depth.

We dived down again, finished a spectacular dive, and headed home. On the way home I had a feeling like I had had before after the bar skiing. I realised I had been drinking the local tap water, and eating and drinking a large amount of fruit in the short time we had been in the country, and really needed to poop. Not again! Should have really thought this one through. Next time, drink clean water, not juice! I was still quite aroused from earlier, and needing to poop, coupled with the thought that G may actually be into the ideal of me and her, made it a lot worse. I was wearing some dry strappy bikini bottoms and a crop top, so put on my shorts as well just in case. I tied my bikini bottoms as tight as they would go to stop any potential leakage and hoped I would get back to land before I messed myself. The vibration of the boat was sooo bad, and I didn't know what to do. 

I put on a hoodie, it wasn't that cold, but it was getting towards evening, and I had an idea. I pretended to the others that I felt unwell, and was cold - hence the hoodie. I wrapped a towel round my waist, and I tucked my arms out of the sleeves of the hoodie, pretending to hug myself underneath. G came over and hugged me as I feigned illness, and I slipped one hand down the pack of my bottoms and one down the front. I started to play with myself, (creating a solution to the aroused problem!) but still was on the verge of messing my pants, I didn't know what else to do, so I slipped a finger of my other hand up my bum - not pretty! it felt pretty good though, and I was confident of holding it in till we got back. This was a nice moment, G hugging and comforting me, whilst I fantasise about the possibility of a relationship between us.

We arrived back to land, and I had to take my hands out of my pants - hadn't thought of that! I got up, and waited for the others to get off. I braved it, and put my arms back through my sleeves and clenched. I was holding it, but not by much. I got up and shuffled to the front of the boat to get off. I jumped off the front, hoping to keep my legs straight. However as I landed my legs went apart, letting out a small flood of poop. V and H were quite desperate to pee, so ran back up the beach to the hut, I said I did too and ran after them, feeling my bottoms fill with mess each stride. 

I didn't know what I was going to do, I was nearly crying, and the adrenaline was flowing, so ran round the back of the hut into some woodland and quickly stripped off my shorts and bikini. I finished the remainder of the uncontrolled poop "as nature intended", cleaning myself with dirt and leaves. Was pretty bad, my shorts were almost untouched luckily, so I dug a hole with my hands and buried my bikini bottoms - they may well be there to this day!

I managed to get back to the hut without anyone questioning my whereabouts and had an outdoor shower with my clothes on before showering again inside. From then on, we had a very nice few days at Drake's Bay together. Really really phenomenal place - please go, it is genuine paradise there.

This was much worse than what happened skiing! I apologise if there was too much detail, but it really helps me to write down the detail.

Hope you are all well, and many thanks to the admins for providing a place for me to write this down :).

*003*2011-11-25 12:54

I have quite a large collection of bikinis so was fine - don't wanna be seen wearing the same thing all the time! I made a big joke about how I lost them, maybe one of the locals could have stolen them lol ;)

