My 21st Birthday

Author: Likealemon

*000*2020-04-03 13:22

So I like a good, strong drink. I'm partial to rum, whiskey, and mixed drinks with cola in them. I come from a line of fat, proud Irish people so I'm a girl who can handle my drink; I also have a piss fetish, so I can definitely see why friends who see me drink regularly don't believe me when I say that. So while I'm working on my first fictional story for this forum, I wanted to go over one of my most memorable moments from while I was on the sauce. Hopefully it's something you guys can enjoy!

It was my 21st birthday. I'm an American, and that's the day we go completely overboard, since it's our first legal drink here. I spent it at a little hole-in-the-wall bar in my hometown, one with a strong theme and blacklights mixed in with orange lighting, so I can still remember the eerie glow everything had. It was on recommendation from a friend of mine, and so she and a group of friends took me out to celebrate the night. It was a Saturday, so the bar was packed with people, but we got there early so we had our own little corner right at the end of the bar. 

The bartender wanted to make my milestone birthday special, so I got a few free birthday shots and quite a few people bought me drinks. Thus, I was fairly drunk pretty early on in the evening. At some point during the night, some idiot spilled and flushed the contents of her purse down the only toilet in the place, for either sex, completely destroying it. The bar decided to call an emergency plumber, and direct everyone who needed to use the bathroom to the McDonald's down the street while they waited for them to show up. I'd say the majority of the bar's patrons said "nuts to that" and made the alley behind the bar with the dumpsters the temporary latrine.

I...peed in front of a lot of people that night. A lot of people peed in front of me that night. I waited as long as I could to piss the first time, both out of shyness and excitement. I was already turned on by the idea of seeing so many strangers go, and being somewhat desperate added to that. Plus, all the mixed drinks were clouding my judgment, and this was the night I learned that, of all things to be, I am a horny drunk. (At least I am 99/100 times, with that last 1% chance being complete emotional breakdown but nevermind.)

One of my friends at some point nudged me and said under her breath, "I seriously have to pee. I can't hold it anymore, let's go around back." I'm a bit of an Amazon chaser when it comes to women, and this particular friend was all of 5'9-5'10, and muscled to the core. The thought of her holding in all her drinks just to avoid breaking the seal, and finally being unable to wait any longer immediately made my heart throb. So we stumbled outside, and joined the group of people braving the wind and drizzle to relieve themselves out back. One guy was pissing furiously against a dumpster, letting out a vulgar groan I can still remember, and my friend swore. She wiggled her hips and tore down the tight, light jeans she was wearing, squatted, and unleashed an absolute torrent onto the pavement.

I stood in a drunken stupor, trying my best to avoid staring and failing, while counting my lucky stars I got to see this. I can still picture her muscled arms, one bracing against the wall behind her, and the other holding her jeans out of the way. Once her gushing stream finally tapered off, she looked at me and said something to the effect of, "Oh you should pee, too, you must really have to go." Without me realizing it, my hand had made its way between my legs, and I was holding myself in desperation. I nodded and glanced around, suddenly self-conscious about what I was about to do, but I had enough alcohol in my blood to do it. I was wearing a knee-length skirt so it was as simple as reaching down through the waistband, moving aside my panties, and squatting so I didn't pee in my shoes. I finally released the bladder full of booze I'd been holding, adding my own desperate rush of piss to her sizable puddle.

After I finished relieving myself, we rejoined the party inside. I pissed outside at least three more times that night, moving from my shy little pee under my skirt to blazenly hiking it up, and facing the empty dark street corner while soaking my panties. The night ended with the bar being unable to get a plumber in before last call, and a sloppy, drunken makeout session in the back of the DD's car between me and my Amazonian friend, but that's a story I won't get into. Definitely an unforgettable night, though.

*005*2020-04-05 05:38

Thank you guys so much! I'm glad that you enjoyed it!

{{22 hours ago, hawk2002 said:

Wow can you tell the tale. Great experience and the telling of it was perfect. Lol. Any more memories?

}}

Oh my God do I ever. I'll have to do a part 2 some time soon.

