Double desperation in hot weather

Author: Despboy15

*000*2021-06-07 19:13

Yesterday, I went walking in this one state park near where I live. It was SUPER hot where I lived, like mid 90s. I didn’t have any clean shorts since I used them up and I didn’t do laundry yet, so I wore jeans with a belt and a short sleeve white t-shirt. Naturally, I drank a lot of fluids, including two full bottles of water and a 32 ounce lemonade on the way. It wasn’t even 2 hours after I had that last drink was I pressing my legs and rubbing my crotch. I tried to use the bathrooms when I got there but they were closed. I cursed to myself but I didn’t make it too obvious because I don’t want people to know I’m desperate: it’s embarrassing (for me at least). I continued to walk along the trail in the woods, and I was going to just pee there but there were a lot of other people there too so I couldn’t just go wherever I wanted. By now, it was unbearable. I had a wet spot on my crotch and I could just feel the pee in the tip of my penis begging for release.

Eventually, I got the courage to go off the path away from everyone and found a bush that I could go behind. I went to unbuckle my belt, but I kept fumbling with it. I was bending over and moaning, trying to keep it in, but the wet spot was slowly growing. My pee was spurting out, and not just small spurts either. The spurts came every few seconds and they were getting bigger and bigger each time. My face was very red now, and not just because of the sun. Just before I finally managed to unbuckle my belt, my bladder slowly gave way.

It wasn’t like an explosion all at once, but it crept out in a slow but steady stream. I finally got my pants off but by then the wet spot was already huge there was no point. Thankfully, since it was so hot my pants dried fairly quickly. But that is experiencing weakened my bladder, so I became desperate again on my drive home. I burst into my home and started leaking as soon as the toilet came into view. I had effectively peed myself twice that day, although it was pretty fun

*002*2021-06-07 21:37

{{25 minutes ago, kilianj74 said:

Nice! Did the hot weather make it feel better to wet than in the cold? I guess the fact that it dried off fast was an advantage because if you wet in cold weather it is hot to start but then gets cold and less fun.

}}

Yea I agree wetting in the cold is fun at first until your legs are freezing. Wetting in hot weather makes you hotter but since it drys off quicker it’s a fair trade off

