Bedwetting

Author: Asdf-wetting

*000*2021-01-08 09:53

Using a hypnosis video I found on youtube, I was able to find one that would convince my body to wet the bed.

After drinking 3 bottles of water I went to sleep and felt alot of pressure in my bladder after 1 hour, I felt like I was about to burst when it suddenly went away and I didnt even wake up / notice. However I did feel a warmth near my crotch

1 hour later I felt very cold so I opened my eyes and saw that I had emptied my entire bladder all over my sheets, it had trickled down the side of my leg and onto my once dry bed.

Link to the hypnosis video :

%https://youtu.be/UxfWFpIvXlE

*003*2021-01-10 07:52

{{5 hours ago, trekkie said:

I'm really not into diapers and it mentions them once that I can recall (listened while in bed, fell asleep partway through) but otherwise it sounds good!

But, do you find it makes you want to wear diapers? Because I've always liked a wetting to be a good show, even mine, and I want to wake up, well, the way you describe that morning. I want it obvious that I emptied a full bladder all over my sheets and pajamas, and to love seeing and experiencing that as I do when I wake up wet naturally. Do you find the one mention of 'pajamas or diapers' makes pajamas less satisfying or feel the need to add diapers where you normally wouldn't?

I kinda worry about things like that with anything that might actually successfully re-train my brain. I just wanna be me, but with more days/nights along the lines of every time I've ever accidentally wet or messed myself.

}}

The entire hypnosis only lasts for the night you listened to it and disappears in the morning so you shouldnt have to worry about any of the posts on that channel

