Big wetting and messing accident

Author: dellu2412m

*000*2021-05-21 18:44

So i was finally alone for the weekend so i thought i would have a little fun. i've wanted to try and get myself so desperate that i physically can't hold in my pee for a bit, so i though i would try it out this weekend.

I started with drinking around 4-5 500ml bottles of water and then going to the store straight afterwards so i would get extra desperate from the walking. with every step i took to the store i could feel my belt thighten against my bladder. but on the way i noticed something different, i really had to poop as well. walking home from the store the need to poop started overshadowing my need to pee.

When i got home i started drinking fanta to make my deseperation even higher, i tried watching some pee your pants challenge videoes on youtube to make myself pee but it didn't work. after that i just started walking around the house to strain my bladder, this though had the side effect that i now really needed to poop. i walked to the end of the house when my asshole litterally could not hold in my shit and i started slowly messing a bit in my pants. i touched my ass to assess the damage and felt that my pants where wet from the poop, I then went to the bathroom to wash my hands when a second wave of poop hit me, this time i full on completely diharehaaed in my pants. i could feel my poop completely filling my boxers.

Because my pants where so wet from the poop that they where dripping i decided to go into the bathtub to finish up. i really wanted to get to a point where i couldn't hold my pee either but holding my pee really hurt at this point so i decided to just wet on purpose. i filled my pants with pee but my blader was almost a bit reluctant to let me pee at this point so i didn't pee that much.

Afterwards i took a video off the damaged and also pushed out a bit more pee and poop.

Warning video contains messing and nudity.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/8828-aftermath-of-messing-and-wetting-accident-with-some-extra-wetting-messing/?do=embed"

