Star Wars holding

Author: RavenEevee

*000*2015-12-21 20:59

Well hello everyone, im not around on this part of omo much, but i do have an experience to share with you guys today.

The hype for star wars has been going on for a while now and i have a good friend that likes the series and wanted me to go, i honestly wasnt expecting much, im not a star wars fan. We checked times and there was a 4:00 showing then the last one was at 7:00 (pm times) Im bad at math to the extreme, as in i can hardly do simple addition, so i kept thinking the movie was only 1 hr 30 mins long. We get to the movies, buy our tickets and popcorn and before we head in i notice someone i went to school with on the other counter working the second popcorn machine. We talked a bit and i mentioned the length of the movie and he quickly corrected me and said it was a 2 hour and 16 min long movie. any movie that is up to 2 hours is worth the watch. I got troubled at that but i went with it anyway for my friend. we get in find out seats and sit through the some what entertaining pre views before finally the movie starts.

My friend is so excited that he started crying and almost broke my hand squeezing it with excitement. We watch the movie (no spoilers) and we get to this one part where i finally finish off my soda and we ate half the popcorn. At the point i knew we had to be at least an hour in, maybe an hour and 30. I had to pee. really bad... I dont like holding... so if i can i can try and find a bathroom i will if not i'll pee on the floor. Now my friend recently told me that he likes holding and hes made me do it once and i almost peed myself (i wasnt aroused or comfortable with it) but since he was watching a movie he really loved i decided to hold it just until a boring monologue scene came along and i could go. But it didnt happen, i was shaking my legs and my pants were pressing my bladder, i was bursting, or leaking, but i didnt want to hold it any more. I held it for 15 more minutes and finally got up.

"i have to pee" i told him as i quickly passed over him and headed to the bathroom. The movies had been going through a few renos, so only single stall bathrooms were available, they dont have locks so when i pushed open the bathroom i was surprised to see alittle boy washing his hands, i quickly said sorry and closed the door, standing there fidgeting like a little girl until he came out. I apologized and quickly stepped in, went into the stall and checked the seat. it had pee on it... i pulled some paper from the roll and wiped the seat down good, i almost wet myself, but i managed to get my pants down and throw myself on the toilet to finally release...

Im not a holder so if i waited any longer i probably wouldve ruined a few seats...

