A desperate morning

Author: Omolily

*000*2020-10-28 21:03

A story from a few days ago that I wanted to share.

I woke up and was immediately aware of a strong ache in my bladder. Not overwhelming, but I definitely needed to go. However, my girlfriend was away for the weekend and I wanted to have some fun, so I thought I’d see how far through my normal morning routine I could go without peeing. (Spoiler:not far).

I got out of bed, wearing my cute pink pyjamas and went downstairs for breakfast. This was the first challenge. I always start the day with a cup of coffee. I wanted to have as “normal” a day as possible, so I proceeded as usual. All the time I was very aware of the water. As I filled the coffee machine, my bladder ache got worse, my mind constantly on the flow of water. As the water poured into the cup, I was very aware of the liquid currently sloshing around inside me, wanting to escape and I started bouncing up and down in a little pee-dance. I sat down to watch tv with my coffee and breakfast and the urge got stronger and stronger.

Once I had finished an agonising breakfast, I knew I needed to have a shower. This was going to be an even bigger challenge. Already, my poor bladder was feeling the strain of the coffee as well as everything from the night before. As I pee-danced up the stairs I felt a few dribbles leak into my panties, and clenched hard to stop it, sticking my hand in my crotch for added support.

In the bathroom, I tried to bend over as little as possible as I took my pyjamas and (now damp) panties off. I stepped gingerly into the shower, bladder screaming for relief and turned it on. As soon as that stream of warm water hit me, I knew that was it. No matter how much willpower I had, I couldn’t hold it. The dribbles from before turned into spurts as my bladder gave in and I desperately tried to regain control. Soon I realised that was it, though, and just relaxes. Stood under the warm, flowing water, mixing with my pee as is cascaded into the bottom of the shower, the relief was incredible. I had been holding that since the previous evening, and boy did it feel good! (So good in fact, that afterwards I had some quiet time with my vibrator for a very different kind of relief!). Stood in that shower, it felt like the world stopped for a moment as my pee became one with the water and my poor, aching bladder finally had its moment.

I hope you enjoyed my story!

