Planning a hold - what should I do?

Author: DesperateDawn

*000*2020-02-13 04:10

Yo! Next week my girlfriend will be out of town for a few days to around a week I think, so I want to have some fun with this. I want to make myself have a genuine accident. However, I often find long holds boring, so I need some ideas. Please give me as many ideas as you can. Even seemingly obvious things chuck them in this thread because I might not have thought of them. I've listed some points of what I've got to work with. My general idea is to drink loads/get desperate, then go out into the city at night and just walk around, being desperate, hopefully legitimately wetting myself.

I live in a city that has a lot of pubs (though I've stopped getting drunk, I might get a cocktail to add to the challenge. The city also has a river running all the way through it, there's a little seating area outside a theatre at one point, rather populated. Further down there is a well-lit but less-travelled pathway, not secluded but quiet. We have shops, but not like a mall. It's all outside and pedestrianised (well-lit and open and exposed though) there are also a lot of quieter cobbled streets. There is also a big park ('gardens') which is open and exposed but does have some potentially secluded parts, also a fountain.

I live with housemates, so anything I do needs to be fairly easy to hide if, god forbid, I get caught. I was thinking of wearing black jeans or leggings for this event because I live in England and its winter. I do have some white tights I could wear underneath... I was planning to use the Mikuni bot in the discord server to log and get permission to end this hold. I'll also be live messaging in that channel (so join it) I have been toying with the idea of wearing a chain as a belt, fastened with a padlock so I cannot take my jeans off if I wanted to, I have a magic wand vibrator, internal egg vibrator and small dildo that can all be utilised. Should I do this padded or bare? I'm thinking bare to remove the 'safety' aspect and add the edge of a genuine loss of control wetting.

Also, how should I document this hold? Pictures? Video? Descriptive writing?

Please please give me your best and creativest ideas! I'd love to hear them, I don't want to be bored!

