Rapid Desperation

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2019-11-04 00:49

So I've read on here a couple of times about people doing this. To be honest I was a little skeptical on how well it actually worked.

It's Sunday which means a fairly leisurely day. Watching football, and catching up on chores. I had decided that I wanted to try the rapid desperation. I like getting desperate. The pressure on my bladder is just a big turn on for me. Anyway, I started around 12pm. I began drinking normal sized cups of water. 8oz or so. I don't like chugging a whole bunch of water at once. It makes me feel sick. I drank a glass of water every 15 minutes or so for about an hour. During this time, I made sure to go to the bathroom as soon as I felt just a hint of needing to pee. I was going pee every 10 minutes or so.

I finally started doing it where everytime I went pee, I drank more water. So about every 10 minutes, I was going pee and then drinking another glass of water. After that, it seemed like every few minutes I was peeing, and drinking more water.

Around 3:30pm is when I cut myself off. I quit going to the bathroom. I wanted to try and wait until the end of the Green Bay and LA game to let myself go, which they had another half to play. I attempted to keep drinking water every 15 minutes or so, but just after the first 15 minutes of holding, I instantly got desperate. I'm holding myself, squirming, and pacing around my apartment. It was no match. About 30 minutes after I cut myself off, I started pissing myself. I ran to my shower as pee started running down my legs. It felt amazing to let it all go.

About 10 minutes after losing it, I had to pee really bad again. I ran back to my shower, and let it go again. This happened about two more times, before I resorted to just using the bathroom normally.

All in all in about an hour's time, I pissed myself four times. Each time I got insanely desperate. The pee was completely clear, and the relief felt so good.

Here's a photo from the aftermath.

$$

*002*2019-11-04 00:54

It was a lot of fun, lol

*006*2019-11-04 01:32

{{24 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Love that story, and sounds like it was fun. Rapid desperation is how I do my holds, only I always get impatient so I just leak a bit before I eventually end it.

}}

My bladder seems to fill up pretty quick, so I didn't have to wait too long. You should change it up a bit. Doing the same thing all the time could get boring.

{{16 minutes ago, BlueWetter said:

Mmmmmm, quite a soaking

}}

Yes, these pants don't show as much as they should. Trust me, lol.

{{7 minutes ago, SilverLining said:

This sounds like a great idea I need to try, thanks for sharing!

}}

You're welcome! I'm glad you liked my story.

*011*2019-11-04 21:51

{{13 hours ago, Spoony said:

I so need my own place so I can try this rapid desperation stuff!

}}

It's a lot of fun

{{12 hours ago, GoldenG8 said:

Sounds like it felt even more blissful than the lovely photo can convey. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Letting go definitely was

{{27 minutes ago, Tonsor said:

So hot and sexy hon. Would've loved to be there to lock the bathroom door on you

}}

Lol, why? So I pee all over the floor?

*013*2019-11-05 03:04

Sounds like it would be fun

*015*2019-11-07 00:00

Sorry you had a bad experience.

*018*2019-11-09 22:48

{{On 11/7/2019 at 10:31 AM, Prof P said:

Brilliant! I'm a big football fan myself, and I love the idea of making yourself hold out until the end of the game (especially if it ain't gonna happen ). These days, I'm pretty much just a fan of female desperation/wetting, but years ago, I used to enjoy my own games with desperation/wetting. Thanks to posts like yours, and other similar reports, I'm starting to get inspired to see what I can rekindle

}}

I'm glad you liked my story, and that I can give you new inspiration. This was definitely a fun experience. Nothing I've experienced before. You'll have to let me know if your inspirations transpire into something.

*021*2019-11-10 22:26

{{2 hours ago, sammilove said:

Great story! And a great picture too!

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you liked it.

{{2 hours ago, tricot said:

Thanks for posting this story nerdy princess. You managed to really get that bladder into high gear by the sounds of it

}}

Yeah I definitely did. It was a lot of fun, but it did take some time for my body to recover from it. It was a great wetting though.

*024*2019-11-13 16:15

{{13 hours ago, blitzomo said:

Ohh I have to try this!

I usually drink a lot of water at once, but I've heard this rapid desperation thing too, and it sounds fun.

So basically it's drinking a glass every 15 minutes?

}}

Yeah every 15 minutes and pee as often as you can.

