Ethical question

Author: NotARealName1

*000*2021-04-25 11:00

I've always been equally turned on by other people's accidents and the idea of having an accident of my own. However, the latter is a complicated thing. The idea turns me on, but the humiliation of it (which is part of the turn on, of course) has always held me back from following through with it.

The origin of my kink is that I had an undiagnosed overactive bladder that flared up near the end of grade 7. Without getting into too much detail here, I wet the bed about 1-2 times a month (after being dry for about 4 years) and had a pretty mortifying accident on a school trip at the end of that year. After another accident (car trip with parents) just before the start of Grade 8 I went to a bunch of doctors and was eventually diagnosed and given meds that helped reduce the incidents of desperation. I still have the condition, but it's mostly been controlled since then (yes, I've had legit accidents after that – 3, in fact. Maybe I'll share the details later. I have also wet the bed once every 18 months or so my whole life). But, the experience of having the problem at the same time as I was going into puberty has made all of this a very confusing mix of shame and excitement.

I'm now at the point where I want to include this element of my sexuality into my life. Not every day, or even often, but occasionally. As I said, the shame is part of what gets me going, so I'm not interested in just telling a partner about it. I need to feel embarrassed.

And, this is where I come into an ethical dilemma. Is it OK to not be fully honest with partners...

Some background: As I said above, I have wet the bed occasionally throughout my life. It's not enough to consider it more than a nuisance, but is enough that I have had to tell partners that I've been with that it's a possibility. I actually haven't wet the bed with a partner in the bed before, but I have told every long term partner I've been with that it happens. It's embarrassing and that excites me a little. I've thought about purposely doing it with them in the bed, but haven't. I did try once, but I couldn't let go. I just don't know where this act would fall in terms of consent. If it happens legitimately accidently, that's fine. But, purposely... is it ok for me to get turned on in a way that she's not aware of? I'm not harming her – I have told her it's possible and she won't understand it to be a sexual act. But...I just don't know.

I've recently come back into the dating scene after a 5 year relationship. I've been seeing one girl consistently over last month or so. We are ready to occasionally share a bed and because of that I'm planning on telling her about the occasional bedwetting tomorrow when she's here for dinner. I've been also considering telling her that the overactive bladder is more problematic than it is. As I said above, I've had a few incidents over the years, but I don't really think I'm going to have accidents in any regular way. I mean, it's possible it happens again, but I know how to control it now.

But, what if I was to accidently-on-purpose have one. The same question about the bedwetting applies.

So, my question to you is whether it's ok to have an "accident" with someone when they are unaware that it's a turn on to you?

*006*2021-04-26 02:47

Thanks. Yeah, I think you're right. I can't put her in that situation.

I'll tell her about the bedwetting and tie it into the Overactive Bladder. In the past I've mentioned to people I'm close to that the condition does make me occasionally have to run to the bathroom, like, right then and that there have been a limited amount of incidents in my life where it didn't end well. That's not a lie. I mean, I probably will accidently wet my pants again. It's just not something I worry about.

Truthfully, the act of admitting this to her is going to be embarrassing and that will turn me on. No guilt with that. I do need to tell her so she can decide whether she is ok with it and so she can get a mattress cover for her bed if she's OK with me staying there.

Aside: I've only ever had one women react poorly. Most become very empathetic and, often, will reassure me by saying that it's happened to them at some point. When I was on the apps I would sometimes try to start talking about embarrassing moments and I would tell them about the school trip accident in hopes that they would share an accident of theirs with me. It worked about 1/4 of the time. I think that was fine...

