I Tried To Have An Accident

Author: McLovin1

*000*2018-08-07 02:13

I didn't use the bathroom all day. Before 4 P.M., I had 2 or 3 water bottles and a smoothie. After that I noticed I did have to go but could easily forget about it for a while.

After having a Pepsi at 7:30ish, it doubled my need to go. My queue to go to the bathroom was around 8:15ish, when I had waves of pain you get when you hold too long. The closest I ever got to bursting was getting to the bathroom. I was trying to pee in my jeans, not lose it at the last second naked in the tub. I was grabbing myself at the tip of my fireman to keep myself from bursting. With my jeans on, the need barely subsided, but the pain from a full bladder forced me to go on purpose instead of building up to an accident.

I stood in the bathtub and started trying to let out spurts. At this point, there was no such thing as a little leak. I let out a big amount of pee in just one second that leaked to halfway down my pants. I got super excited, knowing I now have a huge wet spot, and there was a lot more coming.

I tried to let out another big spurt, but I decided to give in and completely wet my pants. I let it out as hard as I can, making extremely loud hissing noises that went from my crotch to the floor in seconds. The hissing noises extremely turns me on, they just have a sexy, elegant sound I find soothing. It probably wasn't good to keep letting it out that forcefully, but it just felt and sounded amazing. I proceeded to take a shower, and another urge to pee hit, and I proceeded to pee for another 15 seconds straight. Looks like my ass was the driest spot.

Here's some photos and a video. I did the best with just a phone, hope everyone enjoys this!

Project005.mp4

