For being solidary

Author: eduardotyc

*000*2012-06-19 16:16

This was told by a friend of my wife

My name is Marta. I have 28 years

I have a good retention, like all women some fat but practically, my bladder fills up quickly so my urge to pee is very common and more than once, I'm holding on but not power.

The worst time I go (and that I had and I have to put it many times) was when a friend asked me last year to accompany her to become a urology study, study needed to be done with what is called a medical witness, or a woman physically similar to the patient but without problems in comparing results. As a close friend, said yes and gave me the day and preparing to go to the clinic.

As it was in summer, I was comfortable: a short-sleeved shirt, shorts, a thong as underwear and sandals all.

The preparation consisted of two hours before was to pee for the last time, take 2 cups of water and not to urinate. So I did.

Passing the first hour, I began to feel a slight discomfort in the stomach but was still bearable. I left my house, take the bus and then travel an hour to reach the clinic, when he was come with enough desire, was to cross and move my legs to relieve a little, but still retained without much trouble.

At the reception I took the data, I made the papers, about 15 minutes and there if I started giving to pee seriously.

Was to get on the 4th floor and decided to do the stairs as I was not sure if I would stand stand waiting for the elevator.

When he reached the room where he was hospitalized that morning from my friend, I felt that my bladder would explode.

My friend was ready for another study (which was what we were going to do both), with his arms held behind his back because the study required that do not move, she lay naked so as not to lose liquid by perspiration and strips of cloth covering her breasts and pubis.

He had put a probe covered, so I had to pee but could not do.

I salute and just then came the Dr. that was presented and I began to ask my data: height, weight, how much water had taken, if he was holding, and so on.

Look, like three hours ago I did pee one last time .. I hardly take any more, I'm about to pee myself, I'm Actually I explode, I said.

'Well, then we hurry,' said Dr. - take your shoes off, undress and sit down on the bed with his legs dangling.

I pull out the sandals, the shirt (I had no bra), shorts and stayed in thong sitting on the bed. I put the device in the arms.

The balloon in my bladder and my discomfort was evident as well. I started to swing and cross your legs.

Dr. comes back and tells me that also had to take off my thong.

- Dr, if I remove the panties I get over here.

My friend asked:

- Can not pee and drink water again?.

Dr. said no, because it could not control myself, what was true.

My friend also was holding the probe but avoided him straining. I, however, was to hold back with my legs because I could not even put my hands on my abdomen.

A nurse then I placed a cotton ball, right in the crotch, I said loud and squeezing me out of a little thong.

With this, while I escape a trickle, I could dominate and endure.

They began to study us, fortunately, only spend apparatus consisted of the belly (otherwise would not have supported), type ultrasound.

After about fifteen minutes it looked like three hours, we got a flat under the body and told us we could urinate, which I personally did it with relief. I could not stand another minute.

Once we did our needs, we hygienized made us bend and separate the legs and we put a speculum, which opened a lot. Next, we placed a tube and they started to refill the bladder, until I, at least, I had to say "enough", because it hurt and felt very bloated.

We reviewed ginecologicamente with a full bladder, we were made to urinate again and we checked with empty bladder. Then we were told we could get dressed and she was discharged.

Both my friend and I, we took the bus that corresponded to each of them, and set off home. So far, so good .....

But that happened on the way, for retention, the speculum, the checkups, once I got to pee, and this time they gave me suddenly.

The bus was full. I was hanging from the ceiling handles, crossing his legs to hold. Each braking of the bus, I was going for either side and in a large, felt like I let out a trickle.

Gather deseseperada legs and a half I bend. In that, as luck would have it vacated a seat, I sat down and I put my hands in the crotch and up your heels to pry ......

"I will go" - thought, "I get" ......

When there were about fifteen blocks to my house, but could not.

At the first stop, I almost pull the mic. Luckily it was a neighborhood place, and with the heat of the nap early afternoon, there was no one.

Try to come to be behind a large shrub, but can not reach.

With pollen from trees, sneeze and hold there if not more.

Slow at first and increasingly faster and stronger, I started to pee on it without being able to stop. The thong and shorts were completely soaked me, like my legs, feet and sandals.

I was standing there peeing for over five minutes.

When finished, I recomposed as I could and trying to get anyone to see me, come to my house.

For more, there was the girl who took care of my daughter and I look with a mixture of shock and disbelief and, to top it, my little daughter was 3 years old, innocently says:

Mommy, Mommy, did you pee on top ....

SHAME THAT!!!

Now, if I ask some help from this guy, I say no matter how selfish it may seem

Deshacer cambios

►

Haz clic para editar y ver traducciones alternativas

Pulsa la tecla Mayús y arrastra las palabras para cambiar el orden.

