Wet walks

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-07-14 22:25

I'm having a wet week again, and I´ve been on a few walks, trying different methods of peeing myself in daylight without high risk of getting caught, so I´m gonna share them all here.

1.Only leaking

I came home after hanging out with some friends, had peed a few times in the forest without wiping, so wanted to change underwear anyway, why not have some fun before? I put on some old loose fitting pale blue jeans, with the plan to go out and leak with good control, it should only lead to a small patch between my legs, nothing obvious. I was not very desperate as I walked away, but I knew I would be well able to wet and I was very excited about the idea of leaking into my jeans without protection, in daylight, and to walk home on streets were I used to meet both cars and people. I walked for a while among the houses, waiting for the glass of water to kick in.

I noticed that a lot of people were out, enjoying the sunny afternoon. My plan was to wet while standing on the beach walk, admiring the view. When I approached it I was even more excited, and the need for peeing bigger, but not too big, I knew I had it under control, but to let just a little out would feel so great, my anticipation was high. I left the street and went up the stairs to the beach walk, constructed by stone just by the lakeside. I waited until the first good spot, by the special old tree everyone takes pictures of to post at our village facebook group.

I stopped, and relaxed, it took a little while and then I dribbled, cut it off immediately, then let another go, just a little longer, but still only dampening my underwear. I kept on walking a little bit, felt the urge and stopped again. This time as I relaxed I could feel the warmth going through my panties and just slightly into my jeans. It felt so good! I was checking and saw a very tiny wet patch on the jeans, just between my legs, not visible either from behind or front. So Ok, I thought, i´ll stop one more time and that will be the last. Kept on walking, until where the beachwalk ended, still no people around.

A last look at the lovely view over the big lakes and the three little islands, but my focus was on something totally different. One more little relax and spurt, and it felt just amazing to feel it warming up my crotch, the patch grew a little bigger and I knew this was it, i was at the point where it would show from behind if someone looked carefully, but they would probably not be sure that I had a leak, and I wanted exactly that, just some excitement on the way home. I should head home now for a nice release in the shower.

But… I just… I wasn´t desperate at all, and I didn´t want the patch to grow bigger, but… the last spurt felt so fantastic. I was having such a nice time and I just couldn´t resist to do another little one. So I did. I waited for the urge, and i let it go, so nice again, and I stopped immedeately, but the pee didn´t… well it did, but not at the accurate moment when I tried to, a little more trickled out, warming my crotch and the inside of my thighs, and i knew directly that it was too much.

I froze. I stood there for several seconds with a pounding heart, didn´t dare to look down and watch the damage. When I eventually did, I discovered that it wasn´t too bad in the front, but my butt was dark blue around the crotch and it was visible also on the thighs. Pale blue jeans don´t hide anything, and well, that´s why I picked them. Now I knew I was in trouble, but what could I do? Just start walking and hope for the best, I guess. So I walked up to the street, fortunately nobody was around. After a while I put the hand on my ass, and realised the wet patch had grown even more, my pants catching up more wetness from my soaked panties and it was spreading out. If someone came up close at me now and looked at my behind it would be so obvious that I just pissed my pants a bit. I didn´t want that to happen in my own little village, the excitement had turned into embarrassment, and plans of how I could hide this.

I was lucky though. Did my best to sneak around near the ditch of the road, but no people, no cars, until I reached my own street. Then a car came, so I stopped, pretended to look at my phone with my safe frontside directed against the car until it had passed me by. Please, let there be no neighbours out now by the house, I begged, and once again, I was lucky. I reached my home without getting caught, (unless someone peeked through a vindow and noticed something) it was scary but so worth the feeling of those gorgeous leaks I had, and I was very turned on the whole evening.

2. Sweater around my waist

Next day I was going for a long whole day hike , and even if it was in the wild and I was alone out there I had no interest in wetting, I just wanted to enjoy the nature and discovery of some new tracks, trying to find my way around a big lake (yeah I know, there´s always a lake in my stories) . I had a fantastic day out with just enough of a challenge, nice picnic food, a nude swim at a hidden beach, an ice cream break at a camping resort, and I was peeing in the forest when I needed too. But then, when I had my last 5 kilometers to go, and I started to feel my last bottle of water in the bladder, I guess I needed some distraction from my sore feet, because my naughtiness woke up. I wanted to pee my shorts before I got home. I could always put my sweater around my waist before I reached civilization, no problem. I pretty soon started to try to let a little out, relax my pelvic floor while walking fast downhill, but nothing happened, I wasn´t that full yet.

When I came into my wellknown favourite forest I also was a bit hungry, still had a sandwich left in my backpack, so I thought I could stop somewhere and pee myself nice and slowly while sitting down having a snack break. I found a perfect stone at the side of the track, and I guess my body knew what was going on, because I leaked as soon as I sat down, don´t think it was on purpose. I had a great time there, eating the sandwich, and every now and then leak into my shorts, feeling my bum get wet and even my keys that I forgot to take out of the pocket. A guy on a mountain bike passed by behind me, but he couldn´t see what I was doing. When i finished the food i gave the last pee a little push, and watched it run out of my shorts leg, and find it´s way down into the green moss.

Since I hadn´t moved for a while I was a little cold, and my wet ass also had a chilling effect so I wanted my sweater on as long as I dared. The shorts were not showing wetness very well anyway. But when I reached the village streets and a car came from behind it was enough, I quickly stopped and put the sweater around the waist. I was almost home, but before that I had a few stops picking up some raspberries from the side of the road, while I had a tiny leak dribble down my leg.

3.Long raincoat and wet terrain

So, today was rainy and grey, a perfect day of trying out a new idea, wetting in jeans and a long rain coat, reaching almost down to my knees. To add some holding fun to it, I had bought some second hand stuff for my kid, and I was going to fetch those things at some guys place a 15 minute walk up my street. So I drank some extra water, waited til it was 4 hours since my morning pee, and then went out. I was feeling kind of desperate as I walked, wondering if it was a stupid idea to walk into someone´s home just before a planned wetting, what if this would be the time when I miscalculated my holding abilities?

But my urgency turned out to be mostly psychological, as soon as I reached the right house and got in there I forgot about my bladder issues and didn´t feel them at all. I had my stuff, talked a little, put my shoes back on, and headed out in the rain again. It took a while before the desperation came back. First I thought I might do a hold for real this time, see if I could involuntarily lose control, but I just like the wetting part too much, I can´t resist the nice feeling of letting go. So I soon started peeing, but only for a few seconds, I wanted to go through the forest and let the wetting last all the way. Still I could already see a wet strike down my left leg.

I soon realised that in any other circumstances, walking through the forest on a day like this would have been totally stupid. The rain wasn´t too heavy, but the long wet grass hit my legs, and my shoes and the front of my jeans very soon got soaked. Spurting once every few minutes I did my best to wet the inside/ backside of the legs as well, and was kind of successful. Of course nobody else was in the forest, so I could turn around as much as I wanted to watch the damage, and well, there were still some dry patches in the back of the jeans, but they grew smaller with every time I let another stream out. I wanted to take some photos, so I took one with the rain coat, and one where I lifted it up in the front to show the obvious wetting hidden under it (see those pics below).

And I actually got caught doing this! When I put my phone down suddenly there were people on the path, two women, a man and a dog. They must have seen me. Well, the usual pretending like nothing, smile and say hi, but still I was very embarrassed. What did they think I was doing? Well, one thing is for sure, they did not think “Oh that girl must have deliberately peed her pants, and now she´s taking photos of them to post on a fetish website”, because people don´t have such naughty minds, do they? I´m sure they found some other decent explanation. So, I got caught, but still safe, I hope. But what the hell did they do in the forest on a day like this?

My bladder was still filling up from what I drank earlier I guess, because I could continue my little peeing all the way home, now out of the forest and on the streets, wich made it more exciting. I let it flow and managed eventually to get my jeans into just one dark colour below the rain coat, they were wet and heavy all way through. I wanted to see if I could have the guts to pee in the same moment as a car was passing me by, while standing still pretending to use my phone, but didn´t really succeed, I spurted too short and had finished as they drove by. Then I heard voices from some walking people and thought that I might also see if I could do the same with them walking by… Ehm…I wouldn´t think so. It was the same group of people that I earlier met in the forest…

They had taken the same route as me, but in another direction. The woman recogniced me and smiled at me when we passed each other by. I was at my house now, I peed one last time at the parking lot, and just when I finished my closest neighbour came, a woman that I have known for years, and sometimes hang out with. I stopped and had a chat of course, a little nervous, worried that her dog would maybe catch something up and start nosing around on my pants, but that didn´t happen. We were talking about the weather, and I said it was a bad idea walking through the forest. She said “yeah, you´re shoes look really soaked” (I think that the jeans were so thoroughly wet that it didn´t show at all) and I said “I don’t think there´s a dry spot on my jeans either”. “But your rain coat looks really good” she said, I agreed, and told her I had to get in to dry myself up.

To sum it all up, I think I liked the leaking method the most, even if I kind of failed on that one because i had too much fun. The sweater around the waist was nice, safe and a bit boring, the raincoat was kind of fun, just very wet and cold. But I´ll probably try all three of these again.

$$

$$

*004*2020-07-15 11:16

{{9 hours ago, wettingman said:

Thank you for posting about your naughty peeing in your pants and someone possibly noticing. The pix of your wet jeans added to my enjoyment.

}}

I´m glad you like to read about it and see the pictures... I like taking photos of my wettings but it´s obviously not so easy when you wet in public...

{{20 minutes ago, derektor_2000 said:

Thanks for sharing your wet adventures! All 3 of these are on my short list of favorite scenarios, I often wonder what is underneath when I see raincoats and sweaters tied around the waist!

}}

Great! At least you know now what sometimes is going on underneath. I´ll probably try jeans+ tied sweater next time.

*007*2020-07-15 21:37

{{2 hours ago, illidan80 said:

Love your stories! Thank you!

}}

I'm glad you do! Thank you!

{{17 minutes ago, kalle2020 said:

Thanks so much for sharing your experiences here, with such a well written story and even photos!

I cannot say which of the three scenarios I liked the most. Each of them has at least one element which I particularly enjoyed. In the first one, it's the naughtiness and boldness of wetting yourself in pale blue pants without any possibility to cover up - very risky! In the second one, it's the fact of just letting go several times while sitting on a stone and eating a snack, even with a mountain biker going by. In the third one, it is the chat with your neighbor about how wet your shoes and jeans are, and she does not have any idea that it's not only rain.....

}}

Thanks, it's exactly those parts that i liked the most myself!

*009*2020-07-17 15:35

{{On 7/16/2020 at 8:37 AM, wetnwarmwetnwa said:

I had a little adventure yesterday, drove to a town near me and went for a walk along the sea front. I was able to pee in my shorts just a bit at a time with nobody the wiser until my bladder was empty. Loved it! Maybe they did notice! who knows?

}}

That sounds like a perfect summer walk! It's so nice to wet yourself slowly like that. Hope you"ll have more adventures like that this summer.

