Embarrassing emergency pee on the bus

Author: Mary127

*000*2022-08-03 02:49

It was senior year of high school. I was a starter on the softball team and I considered myself good friends with every girl on the team, so bullying really wasn’t a concern of mine anymore. What was still a big cause of concern was my weak and overactive bladder. I wore diapers whenever I played sports because accidents were all too common for me. This particular softball game took place during an extremely humid summer night, about a half hour away from home. It went into multiple extra innings and by the time it was over (thankfully we won), everyone was pretty miserable. Happy, but miserable. We were all sweaty, smelly, and hungry. But most importantly, my diaper was soaked. 

It turns out when you make a weak bladdered girl drink lots to stay hydrated and combine that with explosive movements, it doesn’t turn out too well. When I got into the locker room showers, I stripped down and inspected the damage. Totally soaked, as I had suspected, and some of it even made it through to my panties. I discreetly disposed of my diaper and showered and changed. After I finished I sipped on a big water bottle while waiting on the bus for everyone to finish up. With everyone leaving the parking lot at once, it caused a mini traffic jam and a detour that delayed us quite a bit. I realized that I had to pee when we left the parking lot, and fully knowing my bladder history I was a bit nervous, but I was too busy talking with my teammates and celebrating our victory to notice. After a little while, I was fidgeting in my seat. I tried to be as subtle as possible, since I was in the middle of a crowded bus.

Eventually I got to the point where it was near impossible to be subtle and I was squeezing my damp pussy as hard as I could, first with my thighs, then with one hand, and finally with two. I quickly realized that I was running out of time and though of my options. I could try to hold it and probably have an accident, but I would be teased relentlessly, plus the two teammates sitting besides me might not like having to sit in a puddle of pee. I could pee in my Gatorade squeeze bottle, but how would I be discrete? I could pee on the floor, but then EVERYONE would know that I peed. Every option was a terrible one, but I was spurting piss into my hands, so I had to think fast. Everyone was now aware of my plight and I was getting some mild teasing and laughter my way. I was half laughing it off and half mortified.

We were only about 10 minutes from home but I knew I couldn’t make it that long. I reached for my bottle, only to not feel anything. I looked in the bottle pockets, I looked all throughout my bag, I couldn’t find it. I still don’t know to this day what happened to it, but my best guess is that it fell and rolled to the back of the bus somewhere. My head was down, my hands were shoved in my crotch, my legs were squeezed with all my might, trying to last those last 10 minutes, but after just a minute I knew I wasn’t making it to a toilet in time. I slid my leggings partially down my legs, just enough to reveal my pussy, and moved to the edge of the seat. The girls next to me realized what I was going to do and pretty soon everyone on the bus knew. 

My face was so red as I debated whether or not to actually do this. I did, and finally let go onto the floor of the bus. I let out a huge sigh of relief. I’m sure there was quite the commotion on the bus, but I was blocking all of it out. I peed for what felt like ages. It splattered ln the floor and spread in every direction, even back at me. When I finally finished and pulled up my pants, I realized my eyes were watery, not from crying, but from the sheer amount of strength it was taking to hold it in. I sat back and could finally relax all my muscles. I got off the bus and hung around to talk with some of my teammates. There was still some teasing, but everyone was too tired to care. I went home and immediately took another shower, and went to bed, not before peeing once again.

As humiliating as this was, I now find it to be a very exciting memory I can look back on and laugh at.

