Bursting shop assistant (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2020-11-16 19:40

Another sighting, lovers of male desperation will hopefully enjoy this one!

Years ago, when I worked on the tills in a garden centre, one of my colleagues was a handsome 18 year old guy called Adam. He was tall with medium length curly brown hair and a good body, as he went to the gym fairly often. He usually worked the 12pm-5pm shift which was interesting as under UK laws he wasn't actually entitled to a break, here you need to work at least 6 hours to be legally entitled to one! Occasionally he was able to nip off the tills for a few minutes if the store was quiet but only when given permission by the supervisors. He must have had a large bladder as despite the amount of water he used to drink and the length of time he'd be stuck on the tills, I didn't see him desperate very often, but I remember one time when he ended up absolutely bursting to go.

He was working his usual 12pm-5pm shift on a busy Sunday and because it was summer, the garden centre was very warm so he was taking frequent gulps from his large water bottle. After serving on the tills for around 2 hours or so he was starting to look uncomfortable. His cheeks were flushed and he was having trouble sitting still, he was constantly fidgeting around in his seat and jiggling his knees up and down like mad, yet despite his clearly increasing need to visit the gents he carried on gulping from his water bottle. He lasted for another hour before asking our cute blonde supervisor Ellie for permission to leave the till. 'El, is it alright if I go to the toilet?' he asked quietly, leaning forwards in his chair with his thighs pressed together. Unfortunately for Adam there was nobody available to cover for him on the till, so Ellie told him sympathetically that he would just have to hang on until the store was quieter.

By around 4pm the store had finally began to get quieter and by now Adam looked like he was absolutely dying for a piss. He couldn't sit still for a second and was constantly jiggling his legs around, or running his hands over his thighs, sucking air through his teeth. He was red-faced and flustered and had a tense expression as he kept glancing anxiously at the long queue for his till. He also kept looking over at Ellie, probably hoping that she'd realise he was bursting to go and would find somebody to cover for him so he could run for a piss, but she was being kept busy sorting out a refund for a difficult customer. 

I noticed that Adam's hand kept disappearing underneath his till and I caught him squeezing his cock tightly through his navy blue uniform trousers. It had now been over an hour since he asked for a toilet break and by now his bladder must have been swollen and aching to release, but he still tried his best to keep his composure and carry on politely serving customers despite his rapidly growing discomfort.

Eventually, his queue was down to one last customer, who happened to be a very chatty and kind older lady called Angela who worked in the gift shop in another part of the garden centre, buying something during her break. As she chatted to him, she noticed that Adam couldn't sit still and was jiggling a knee up and down, frantically tapping his thigh with his hand before balling it into a fist and pressing down hard onto his cock, a quiet moan of frustration escaping his lips before sucking in air through his teeth. 'Are you alright Adam?' she asked him sympathetically, and he nodded before replying quietly 'Yeah, sorry just really need the toilet'. 

She smiled and said 'I thought you might, jiggling around like that, are you bursting?' Adam nodded, 'Yeah, been stuck here for hours' he muttered. Angela tutted sympathetically, before saying 'Oh you poor thing, well its quieter now, hopefully you can go soon'. At that point, Ellie came over to chat, and Angela mentioned to her with a smile that Adam looked like he was 'desperate for a wee', making Adam blush bright red. Ellie looked surprised and said to him 'Oh Adam I'm so sorry, you asked me for a loo break ages ago and its been so busy that I completely forgot! Yes of course you can go, you must be bursting!'.

Adam thanked her, still blushing, and started to leave the till slowly, walking slightly hunched over. He reached under his polo shirt and started to run a hand gently over his bladder, moaning softly. As there were no longer any queues, I had left my own till already, as had Helen the other cashier, who I knew Adam had a crush on, and we were both standing next to his till. He looked at us and muttered 'I'm fucking dying for a piss... look'. He lifted up his shirt (something that he liked to do when Helen was around, to show off his abs) and despite the fact that he usually had a completely flat stomach, I was amazed to see that his bladder was now so full and swollen that it was bulging out all the way up to his navel like a watermelon. He must have been frantic for relief, absolutely longing to release his pent up piss after being stuck on the till for hours on end.

He had unbuttoned and unzipped the waistband of his uniform trousers so I caught sight of the top of his white CK boxers, and I wondered whether he might have leaked into them by now. I couldn't help but imagine the damp cotton clinging to the dripping end of his cock. 'Blimey Adam you must be desperate, try not to piss yourself!' said Helen laughing, taking a step towards him and pressing her hand right into his bladder, making him gasp and pull away. 'Oh don't do that Hels, I haven't pissed for hours' he moaned, letting go of his shirt and reaching down to squeeze his cock firmly through his trousers, must to Helen's amusement.

The staff toilets were in the breakroom which was outside across the car park, but Adam clearly didn't want to waste a second as instead he decided to go to the customer toilets, which were slightly closer but involved a long walk through the entire garden centre to reach them. Unable to wait any longer, he rushed off from the tills and to our amazement he literally sprinted through the garden centre, holding his cock as he ran. He came back a while later out of breath but extremely satisfied and relieved! I never found out whether or not he made it with completely dry underwear, but I like to think that they were at least a little bit damp.

*002*2020-11-16 23:50

{{27 minutes ago, Mbgpeelover said:

What a fantastic story! Thank you so much for sharing. Poor Adam but he did extremely well to hold that long. How I’d have loved to have been served by him in that state!

}}

Judging by how the size of his swollen bladder I'm guessing he was holding well over a litre by the time he could finally go to the loo. I have no idea how he managed to hold it all in, but somehow he did it. I can only imagine the scene in the gents when he was finally able to get to a urinal and release it all, it must have been a mighty gusher!

I actually have another male desperation sighting from that job, this time it was a guy called Jason who worked in the camping department and I was lucky enough to actually hear his stream when he finally let it all go. I will write up the full story soon.

*008*2020-11-17 11:37

{{10 hours ago, Zee said:

Starting to get skeptical of this magical workplace where you've seen at least 3 different people with visibly overfilled bladders, but darn it I want to believe because that's extremely hot.

}}

I can understand the skepticism, but I can assure you that these posts are true! I haven't worked there for about 10 years so I won't have remembered everything 100%, but I can certainly remember the sight of the 'bulging bladders' when someone had been holding on for hours. Our uniforms were quite a snug fit and most of the male cashiers (myself included) usually wore the navy blue uniform trousers and the women tended to favour skinny, tight fitting black trousers which made a full bladder much more noticeable.

The garden centre itself was basically a huge greenhouse and became extremely hot in the summer, with no AC or fans, so we would be constantly drinking water to stay hydrated in the heat. It was common for cashiers to have to serve on the tills for several hours at a time without a break, so I think most of us found ourselves bursting for the toilet at least once during our shift. The garden centre actually closed a few years ago and the owner sold the land for a new housing development.

{{10 hours ago, peedesperate12 said:

Can't wait to hear Jason's story, wish you had followed this guy to the men's too

}}

I wanted to, especially as I was also needing a piss pretty badly, but unfortunately had to cover the till for him!

{{34 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

While the medical journals tell us that the maximum capacity of a man's bladder is not much more than half a liter, we know otherwise, at least in some instances. A few of us here hold up to three times that amount, and in this report the fellow apparently was able hold quite a lot for quite a long time. A young bladder is flexible, and I guess in my youth there were times when I surprised myself with how much or how long I could hold in.

}}

I know that I can hold around 1.2-1.3L if I really have to, having measured my capacity a few months ago, though when I'm holding that much I'm unable to disguise how badly I need to go and would really struggle to keep my composure while in a work situation. Back when I was in school I would often go 8 hours or longer without using the toilet, I almost managed 12 hours once. Now that I'm in my late 20s, I doubt that I can still last that long!

*013*2020-11-17 16:56

{{2 hours ago, LizJWetting said:

To be honest this makes me a little skeptical too. It read as totally plausible up until the last three paragraphs that sounded more like fantasy. But then I wasn't there so who am I to judge.

}}

I know its hard to believe, but he really did lift up his shirt and show us his bladder bulge, just for a couple of seconds, and the female cashier really did try to press on it causing him to squirm away. I don't think either of them were into omo at all, it was just funny, and not really unusual as they would flirt a lot anyway. I always suspected that they would get together but 'Adam' (not his real name) ended up dating one of the other girls who worked there. He wasn't shy at all and was constantly showing off his body, can even recall him stripping down to his boxers in front of everyone in the break room to change into an elf costume for the 'Santa's grotto' they had during December. He used to be very skinny but then started going to the gym every day, drinking protein shakes etc. so would try to show off his body whenever possible!

The only part of this story that is probably not accurate is some of the dialogue, as this happened around summer 2009 or maybe summer 2010. However I do remember 'Angela' (not her real name) telling the supervisor that Adam was 'desperate for a wee' (in those exact words), which clearly embarrassed him a lot as he was trying to hide it as much as he could.

*014*2020-11-17 17:02

{{3 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

Even the more honest posters may embellish a story to make it more interesting.

}}

Yes, I do sometimes embellish the accounts of true experiences to make them more enjoyable to read. They would probably be very boring otherwise. Also the majority of dialogue will be made up as although I like to think that I have a very good memory, I usually can't remember the exact words that were used. I do always try to be as accurate and realistic as I can, though. I have written a few fictional stories as well, some of which are based very loosely on real life experiences, but these stories are posted in the fiction section to avoid any doubt.

*019*2020-11-18 18:59

{{On 11/16/2020 at 11:50 PM, Despguy123 said:

I actually have another male desperation sighting from that job, this time it was a guy called Jason who worked in the camping department and I was lucky enough to actually hear his stream when he finally let it all go. I will write up the full story soon.

}}

...and here it is!

$iframe data-embed-src="$/63695-another-bursting-shop-assistant-sighting-male-desperation/?do=embed"

