Drunk friend offered to wet himself for my pleasure

Author: dunnetahl

*000*2021-03-16 03:43

I just joined a few days ago and figured I should post a story before getting too comfortable as a lurker, just so I can start making a habit of sharing some of my stories.

I'm generally super open about my fetishes with my friends, and they are all accepting but some are really vanilla whereas others have fetishes of their own and we often talk more regularly about our fetishes with eachother.

This story involves a friend I've known since high school, we can call him Kai; we are both in our 20s now. We both share a foot fetish, he is straight but open enough that we've fooled around a few times and we are pretty familiar with each other's fetishes and he knows well about my Omo fetish. In fact, this isn't even the first time he has offered to indulge me but I figured I would start in reverse chronological order since this is most fresh in my memory.

So, on to the story... some time last year we were getting drunk together and both of us were going to the washroom to pee a lot. I think we might have started showing each other some porn. Either way it was one of those drinking nights that things were getting a little frisky, the two of us teasing each other about past experiences. I'm pretty sure Kai said something about the fact that he was needing to pee a lot and teasing about leaving the door open, and then having me just come to the bathroom with him so we didn't need to interrupt our conversation (we get into really heated intellectual conversations and it sucks to lose your train of thought if you are really intoxicated).

So after maybe the second time he has me accompany him to the washroom while he pees, fully encouraging me to look because he gets a bit of pleasure out of getting me off, I think he was actually a little disappointed because he knows I prefer actual wetting exponentially more than watching someone pee, he offers to let me pick out some clothes for him to wet himself in for the next time he has to pee, just like he did another time a couple years back (I'll save this for a future story).

Well that certainly got my excited, as I'm sure he intended. He said, "just don't be a fiend and grab my dick like last time" he says as I go pick out a nice pair of grey boxer briefs, some tight green Zara-style suit pants that show wetness really well, and a pair of ankle socks because, why not, right? He is planning to wet himself in my bathtub and then take a shower.

For those interested, Kai is a petite but tightly built taiwanese guy. Sexy, smooth medium-long hair. Very fashionable and charismatic, even seductive.

So out of the kindness of his heart and his own feelings of sexual adventure, he changes into the clothes I've laid out for him and within probably 30 minutes he says he's ready for another leak. We head to the washroom where he stands in the tub. Last time he got really pee shy but this time, I guess being sufficiently drunk and all, he as able to start peeing really quickly as the green pants flood with a beautiful dark patch that grows down Kai's legs and into his socks.

Kai stares me down as I take in the entirety of his wetting and smirks at his ability to stir such excitement and pleasure in me.

As the last drops leak out of him and he rubs the pants and boxers into his crotch, he removes the clothes and gives them to me to enjoy. "Now put those on and go jerk off while I shower" he says.

As commanded I strip down and dress up in the soaking wet clothes, blow a fat load, change back, hand Kai some fresh clothes and we continue drinking into the night.

That's my first story. Let me know what you guys think. How I could be more erotic? What details you would prefer to hear more about for future stories? Any questions? I have more stories with Kai, and others and countless solo adventures both cross-dressed as a girl and dressed normal as a guy... this just seemed easiest to start with. I will likely continue to work my way back in reverse chronological order but make exceptions for comments and suggestions. Cool community you all have here. Looking forward to being a part of it.

*006*2021-05-02 06:14

{{On 3/16/2021 at 5:59 PM, scwetjeans94 said:

Omg what a HOT story!! I’ve always wanted to do this with a really good friend of mine!! How old were y’all when this happened, if you don’t mind my asking?

}}

This was maybe 2 years ago. I would have been 27 and him 24.

{{15 hours ago, Wetsy said:

I'd pee my pants for a friend if they would also wet for me

}}

Pretty sure I could get him to do something again if we were drunk. He has said quite a number of promiscuous things to me when drunk. Back when we first started fooled around and doing a bunch of opiates he always wanted to cuddle and fool around with some anal play. We haven't done opiates in a few years but last time we reminisced on those times he mentioned how he was regretful that he was too high to feel the true pleasure of a prostate orgasm so maybe there is some hope for the future

*007*2021-05-02 06:19

{{On 4/30/2021 at 3:38 PM, omagineWerecat said:

Holy shit dude, that sounds awesome! I’m super open about my piss fetish with my friends too, but all that’s come of it is becoming the butt of a few jokes for it (all in good fun). I think I’d short circuit if someone just offered to wet for me though, ngl ^^;;;

}}

It is the butt of many jokes in great fun for some of my friends that I'm not really attracted to. There is a good balance with those friends where I can be open about it and we laugh about it, then other friends I happen to be attracted to, we are half joking and half serious (like Kai) and we end up acting on at least some things. I think I'm gonna post another story...

