An unexpected accident

Author: katiekate

*000*2019-09-16 13:33

So my day has been long, I tried to do a rapid desperation challenge earlier but I think I started dehydrated and couldn't manage to drink enough fast enough. Nevertheless, I got extremely desperate at least 3 times and had one pretty severe accident while out walking the dog - was wearing a depends with tights over the top and a long coat. I was so desperate and I'd just gotten out of the car and into the cold outside. Till then I'd been pretty good at controlling my urges, when I was in the privacy of my car and could squirm, and grind, and frantically grab in between my legs. When I was outside at the park, with people around, I had to act composed. 

My bladder sent a huge wave of desperation. I knew, if I could just double over and grab myself, I might be able to hold it. But I couldn't. Everyone would see me. I tried, with all my might, to hold on. I leaked a little at first. Just a dribble. Then a few seconds later, a trickle. which turned into a steady stream. More and more piss cascading out of me, every step I took, despite my very best efforts to regain control. I had to fight the urge to jam both of my hands between my legs, drop to my knees, and hold on for dear life. Eventually I regained control. I'd wanted to lose control again after that but I didn't quite manage to. Until...

I was sitting in bed on my laptop, becoming gradually more aware of my need to pee. I wasn't really intending to hold, but I was feeling really lazy and didn't want to get up, and I figured if it got really bad, I'd go. I got a couple of waves of desperation that were managable. And then I got the last wave of desperation. The fucking tidal wave of desperation. It started out fairly mild. Just a bit of extra discomfort. It took maybe like 10 seconds before I was rocking back and forth on the bed, whimpering to myself pitifully. I knew it was bad. I knew I had to go. But I had to regain control, I couldn't leave my bedroom like this!

I live with my family, I can't let them see me literally on the verge of wetting myself with my hands glued over my panties. and fuck - I needed to put on pants - I needed to regain control of this so I could get the hell out of there and release my bladder. I grinded against my hands, stood up, hopping from foot to foot, trying everything I could to just fight the wave... it happened so fast. No warning. Just a warm steady stream of piss, slipping between my fingers, on to the rug on the floor.

