Two real accidents this week

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2016-06-28 02:17

I can't remember the last time I had a real wetting accident. My bladder is usually on my side, and since I like holding and wetting anyway, sometimes I'll just hold it long enough to get going on my way home, and either wet before or after getting in the car. This week, though. I had two wetting accidents in front of other people. Thankfully no one noticed because of what I was wearing.

The first was on Wednesday. I worked a really long day photographing a convention and I met some potential new clients during one of the breaks, so we made plans to go out for drinks after the show was over. My friend joined me and this couple and we had a few rounds of drinks and left for home after the restaurant closed. I had to go really bad at this point, but the restaurant wouldn't let me back in to use the toilet. So I jump in my car and headed for home. I was at a 9/10 at this point and only had to make it 10 minutes to get home.

I made it home without leaking, but I was holding myself the whole time through my black dress pants. When I got home, my neighbor was out front and started talking to my as I got out of my car. Thankfully it was dark out! The first leak came out and I could feel my crotch go warm. It felt so good! But I didn't want to do this in front of my neighbor. So I walk over to the garbage cans on the street, that I had to put back on the side of my house from garbage day, and stood behind the biggest one and the dribbles turned into a stream as soon as I stopped walking.

I knew I'd be wet down to my knees and I didn't want her to see the glistening pee as it soaked my pants. I was able to regain control at that point, but my pants were drenched! Black pants at night are a godsend in times like these. She finally said her goodbyes and I turned around to wheel the cans back up my driveway and ended up losing the battle right then. It all came out as I walked up my driveway and I was wet all the way down both legs. My socks were drenched and I was trying not to think about the nice shoes I was wearing. It all felt so good though! Just bad timing. I made it inside without anyone noticing, and took a nice hot shower.

Then yesterday at the pride parade, it happened again! We started drinking pretty early in the morning, and every bar and restaurant had security guards at the restrooms to keep people out form the parade. They wanted to reserve them for customers only. Well, I went from a 3/10 to a 9/10 in about 5 minutes and I made it inside one restaurant and was third in line but I was bouncing around and trying not to lose control. I was wearing PVC pants (the shiny ones I wear to goth clubs), which is the only reason no one saw what happened. I started losing spurt after spurt and the front of my boxers were soaked from the waste band down to the bottoms, and I was still leaking when the last person finished up and I ran inside the bathroom. I pulled them down just enough to get myself out of them and I finished the second half of my pee in the toilet.

I had thought about just letting it all go and enjoying the warmth since no one could see it, but I didn't want to walk around in wet boots all day, or leave a puddle in the restaurant. My underwear were pretty dry by the time we got home 5-6 hours later, and I had to wash my favorite pants out as soon as my friends left. It was almost another embarrassing accident, but my wardrobe saved me again.

