My concert wetting

Author: coloradowet

*000*2019-12-07 14:22

I had been looking forward to this concert for awhile, an electronic producer called SoDown. I find a lot therapy in going to dance concerts and getting freaky, its a nice release for me from my day to day responsibilities and to let it loose. This producer specifically does some really incredible, uplifting electro-funk. It was my first time seeing this magician of a musician and was very impressed by his talent. He rocks out with his saxophone while “dj’ing” and their isn’t a single person not shaking their booty!

This was also my first journey into the public world wearing my kilt and owning it. I have before, mostly holloween type things to get comfortable with it. I often go on hikes wearing my kilt, but rarely run into people. I gotta say, It was empowering to me being on my own like that. since it is a small town, I knew id run into people I knew and it felt good. Our town is also very open, pretty large LGBTQ+ scene including many crossdressing and drag events, we have our conservative undertow as well.. It’s pretty diverse around here.

My outfit was black tights, a couple pairs of underwear, some black cargo pants and my black “utility kilt”

I like to get my freak on in the back, I get some room to bust out my moves and people are not constantly bumping into me. I like to have my space, and other people who inhabit that space of the dance tend to respect that as they are in the same boat. this venue, its the balcony so its pretty awesome seeing all the bodies withering with the groove below.

I drink a lot of water, moving that much is more intense than any yoga/pilates class ive been too and adding a couple drinks and herbals to that, one must be conscience of their body. Something about exercising, sweating and becoming more desperate can really surprise me. Even though I had been drinking a bunch of water, electro lights and a couple “adult beverages” I didn’t feel the need to go at all.

I had been doing holds throughout the week with many wet and damp outfits so my muscles were very weak. I like to set myself up for a possible real life accident, edging it on over and over again. My control can become very perilous during these kind of escapades. I’ve had more than a few of these “accidents” going to the bathroom in my pants in a fairly public places. I know the pangs, the spasms and spurts all to well to seek safe space immediately before the dam brakes. Ive made some predicaments for myself over the years.

I had been grooving on the balcony for awhile now, getting sweaty and involved in the groove being provided. A slow groove started playing after some crescendos of epic funk. I took the chance to get more water, do a little stretching and re-asses my situation while everyone grinds on someone…. or something. I knew I must have exerted myself due to the lack of urgency in consideration of the amount of beverages I had consumed. I wasn’t drunk, but was feeling pretty good.

Once I had slowed down for a moment though, those familiar pangs started to traverse my body. Since I had been tortouring my bladder for some days now, I knew I was somewhat incontinent. My first thought was to run downstairs to relieve myself just a little so I could continue to be edging my urgency until I wet myself on my way home, but this time I was feeling a little emboldened and confident.

The song started to pick up again, and that funky beat started to take hold again, but this time, instead of dispersing my desperation, my full bladder started to take hold of my moves. I knew I was going to be dampening my crotch very soon. Their was no way for me to hold myself either, with my multiple layers of my outfit their was nothing I could do to alleviate my condition as I was trapped in my cloths. At this point i knew i wouldn’t even be able to make it to the restroom.

As everyone around me was dancing, I didn’t feel out of place doing a pee dance, although out of beat with the music , my physical needs were becoming more important than the jam. I could feel these full body, painfully orgasmic spasms coming from my bladder and crotch area pulsating throughout my body, knowing something uncontrollable was going to happen in my pants. Id try to grab myself but through all the layers only pushed on my bladder. I wasn’t ready to leave the show so I held on with all my might. I could feel my muscles relaxing and tightening at a very rapid pace and a wet warmth spurt out through my manties, into my tights, onto my upper thighs and trickle a little down my legs. this euphoria almost led me to completely relax into pissing into my pants in a crowd of people, some of whom I knew.

I was able to regain my dignity somehow and the spasms became a dull throb of a tired, over worked and very full bladder. Since I had my kilt to cover my bladders wet mark of giving up, I knew I was in the clear for the time being. Feeling the warmth and dampness all over my crotch in such a space was utterly thrilling and sensual. I continued to dance for a good time longer while drinking more water.

I had a walk to get home of about 20 minutes and knew I would not make it, but at least this time, I could unleash the tsunami into my pants, down my legs, into my shoes and onto the pavement without being in close proximity to my friends.

Anywhoo, hope you enjoyed! Heres some pictures I took when I got home, their not the best as it was hard to get the lighting right.

$$

$$

$$

