Wetting while gaming

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-04-15 15:20

My first post this feels quite momentous somehow... anyway here goes

This happened about 2 weeks ago during a mammoth gaming session on a saturday afternoon...

I had set this day aside for quite a while its not often i get whole days to myself to do as i wish, id bought quite a supply of energy drinks on the friday night on my way home from work in preparation of the day ahead. Id woken about 9 in the morning and set about guzzling my supply of energy drinks and coffee, i had not planned a wetting but i was acutely aware of what all the energy drinks would do, but at no point did i think events would unfold quite how they did.

I was a couple of hours into my session when i first felt a twinge in my bladder, nothing to worry about however as i was engrossed in a raid on Destiny. Time ticked by. Enemies came and went. Half the worlds supply of energy drinks had been consumed. Then without warning my need to pee suddenly escalated and i became quite desperate to pee.

However i soon forgot about my need to pee as i delved even more into the game, occasionally having to fidget and wiggle and quite a bit of crotch grabbing to ease the urge to pee. I dont know how much time passed as i often loose track of time while gaming but before i knew it we had arrived at the penultimate boss battle. I became engrossed in the mechanics, i was thinking of nothing more than winning the battle and praying for good loot. I was consumed by my yearning for loot.

Eventually we got through it and it was time to collect my loot. And i could not believe my luck, i had gotten exactly what i needed. I was consumed by excitement, i literately jumped from my chair in excitement, which as it turned out wasn't the best thing to do. All of a sudden i became aware that my crotch was oddly warm. In my engrossment in the game i had totally forgotten that i needed to pee, but the sharp movement of jumping out my seat soon reminded me as i was almost literally wetting myself with excitement.

I instinctively grabbed my crotch and tried to regain control and eventually i succeeded but not before soaking my underwear. But i was not done yet, i still desperately needed to pee. I regained my composure and control of my bladder and told myself to forget about it and carry on with the game. And it worked... for about 2 minutes, i soon found myself releasing spurts of pee to try and relieve the pressure, but it was useless as all it did was make me even more desperate. The situation came to a head when one of my small tactical spurts turned into a small torrent. I regained what control i could and threw my headset and controller to the floor and made haste to the bathroom. I was pretty much wetting myself all the way so when i finally arrived i just flopped onto the toilet and let it go, it must have lasted for at least a minute, a raging torrent through my underwear.

When i was done i went back to finish the game only to find i had been kicked, there is an irony there somewhere i think ;) so i found some subtible material and released my pent up energy..

Thank you for reading guys i hope you enjoyed it :) attached is a picture of the underwear in question, dry and clean unfortunetly as i never thought to take pics at the time as i wanted to wash them before my housekeeper arrived on Sunday. Any feedback would be appreciated :)

*002*2016-04-21 16:52

{{ 

Nice story, I quite often get engrossed in a game and don't notice how badly I have to pee until its too late,

}}

Thanks glad you enjoyed it :)

Yeah it happens to me more times than it should :p Yesterday in fact I had a close call when I got a bit too engrossed in Until Dawn

