Risky Public Wetting at a Shopping Plaza (Video Link Inside)

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2020-10-29 00:41

Apologies for it being so long since my last post (not that I am well-known around here anyway). I would have embedded the file but as it's a fairly long video (about 3:30), I'll provide the EroMe link instead (If EroMe isn't a suitable host I can find an alternative solution): https://www.erome.com/a/w5eR1dV1

I've been feeling pretty daring lately, and wanted to out-do my last submission with a wetting that both carried a bit more risk and was captured on video.

I started by taking my last pee around 11:00 AM, and headed out to do some errands while I chugged a bottle of water. When I got back around 3:00 PM, I downed a mug of tea, and spread out two bottles of water over the next couple of hours. I have a pretty big bladder that takes a while to fill, so I was hoping the tea would help things along quicker. I didn't want to totally lose my daylight, and the sun is setting pretty early these days!

After reaching about a 6 on The Scale at 5:00 PM, I headed into town while chugging another bottle of water along the way. It took a while to feel discomfort, but by the time I reached my destination I was probably a 7 or 8 and starting to get fidgety. I had scouted out my location on Maps, but I wasn't quite sure if I'd be happy with it in person. I was looking for somewhere that other people were parked, but not crowded, with a somewhat major thoroughfare nearby. Ideally there was some chance of getting caught by someone far enough away to not recognize me, but not too far to notice my condition. Can I add how awesome masks are to conceal your identity!? COVID definitely still sucks, but at least it gives you an excuse to cover up and blame your "accident" on not wanting to use a public restroom.

It took me a little time after parking to get the camera set, but the dark green pants I was wearing would simply not work with the dwindling light, so (in the car) I awkwardly changed into the lighter khakis you see me wearing. These worked a little better, but ultimately they were still not going to reveal my "accident" to my satisfaction and I was forced to use the phone's flashlight while recording just to get a good capture.....although obviously this was quite a bit more conspicuous than I planned on being.

At 5:30 the plaza started to fill up as people got into their after-work shopping, and I had to consider my options. Unfortunately I wasn't quite at my breaking point – I feel like wettings that are a total loss of control are way better – but I was up there around 9 on the scale and knew I had a pretty good volume in me. Speaking of which, I apologize for the length of the video. From the point you start seeing the first bit escape me, I was pretty much steadily dribbling for the rest of it, with some torrents here and there. Guess that's why I'm making so much noise.

I had absolutely NO idea that it would show up on my butt THAT much. Usually it comes down the inside seams (as you see here) with a little bit on the front, but the back end is often almost totally dry. I was counting on that, and planned to turn around to the world just for the thrill, but it turns out I didn't even need to! It was obvious already. Also note the steam. It was about 45°F and obviously kind of a raw day.

When my bladder was sufficiently purged of its contents, I hopped back into the car and headed back home, anxious to see how the video turned out. While I planned on recording a re-wetting video, I kinda screwed up and ended up bursting on the floor before I could get everything set up, wasting more than half of a full bladder before I could stop it.

*005*2020-10-29 23:00

{{3 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Great vid, trousers were perfect colour, love the steam and the puddle on the ground! Would be great if you show your wet underwear If you do it again?

}}

Yeah, I got a few shots of the re-wetting. Hope these are what you're looking for!

*011*2021-01-09 08:45

{{On 1/7/2021 at 10:01 AM, soiledbriefsuk said:

Superb wetting - great choice of clothes. Wish I had that bravery

}}

Thanks! It's actually quite fun. I'm really looking forward to the next time. Hopefully it'll be even better.

You can start slow (worse lighting, more cover), and It gets easier each time you do it. Plus it helps if you're bundled up (hat/mask) and if you're able to go somewhere you aren't likely to be recognized.

