Public accident

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2020-08-10 05:20

I just got home from having a public accident.

The preparation:

I am a huge fan of hypnosis files and I'm a subscriber of Hypno Mommy's patreon. https://www.patreon.com/hypnomommy

This past month she released a couple files that encourages you to have an accident in public. The first half is about preparing mentally to accept that you're going to have an accident, and some other helpful tips. (nothing suggests involving strangers or damaging property, which is important to me)

The second half is for when you're at the location. She helps build you up to the accident, your desperation increasing, and your doing a potty dance, until she tells you to let go and wet your pants. Then there's some aftercare which is great too. I don't like being belittled or degraded. I prefer the suggestive and comforting hypno files.

I did the rapid desperation technique this afternoon so I'd really have to go when I got to the park. It's about a 20 minute walk from where I live, and I was at a 8/10 when I started walking through my neighborhood. I was wearing black exercise shorts and light blue boxer briefs. I wanted my underwear to show the accident but my shorts to hide it.

I was on my way to the park and I was feeling like I wasn't going to make it there to even listen to the hypno file. I was walking fast and it felt like I was going to start losing control any second, so I took a detour to a closer park, which ended up being a better choice. I got there 5 minutes later and was already spurting. I leaked a few times and I could feel it start to trickle down my leg. Then I saw someone... walking their dog right where I planned to go.

There is a little stream that runs through this park and there are benches tucked into the trees that line the stream. I decided that I was going to lose control on one of those benches, and the sound of running water was not helping me hold it. I leaked a few more times as I approached the bench. I sat down and my shorts felt cold. I had leaked more than I thought.

I felt a mosquito bite so I decided to find a new spot away from the water. I went to another bench that wasn't under a light and I was leaking one spurt after the other. I wanted to let go so badly and feel the warm relief but she didn't give me permission to wet myself yet so I kept holding on.

I'm usually the dominant one, and the caregiver in all of my CGL relationships, but these abdl hypno files really resonate with me.

I was pretty soaked at this point, and 9.5/10 on the desperation scale. I've only truly lost control and had an accident (as an adult) one other time in my life. Tonight, my bladder was doing the deciding for me.

In the hypno file, she was telling me to do a potty dance and hold on as tightly as I could to keep from having an accident. I couldn't hold still. I was tapping my toes so fast as I sat there at the picnic table with my head down resting on my arms. I was trying to relax and feel the full effect of the hypnosis, but I couldn't hold still.

My bladder hurt now, and I was spurting again. I could feel the warmth now, almost constantly, and I couldn't feel myself peeing. I was truly losing control.

Then she said what I had been waiting for. She told me to wet my pants, to have an accident. To let go and soak myself. And the relief was overwhelming in the best way. I could feel the warmth filling my underwear, and the little splatters on my legs as my pee dripped through the boards of the bench and hit the ground.

It felt so good to just let go finally. I didn't have much left in me at this point, but it still felt incredible.

I lost control less than an hour after my previous pee. The rapid desperation technique worked better than expected.

I quickly took off my dripping wet shorts and underwear, put them in a plastic bag in my backpack, and put on a dry pair of short for the walk home. I had to go again by the time I got home 15 minutes later.

I'm off to bed now, diapered, just in case. I will definitely do this again, and plan to get to the park before I have an accident next time.

And I definitely recommend subscribing to that patreon channel. It's $10 well spent!

*002*2020-08-10 17:22

{{2 hours ago, Lils said:

Sounds great! Where there any people around you, and did you get back unnoticed?

I've tried rapid desperation before myself, but never got to such a desperate point so fast.

}}

There was one person there when I arrived, but he left after a few minutes. By the time I was leaking pretty badly, there was no one around, and it was dark. I thought about walking home in my wet shorts but they got really cold fast, so I changed into some dry ones before I left the park. The shorts I wet were black so you couldn't tell I had an accident. It just wasn't comfortable to walk in. Maybe next time I'll wear something more noticeable, like jeans. I just don't want to get caught and I don't want to involve anyone else.

