I peed myself in public (Story & Pictures)

Author: love2peemyself

*000*2020-10-15 04:53

Hi...

Sorry English is not my native language but I will try to explain the situation the best I can...

Today, I had to go to the center of the town to buy various stuff.

I have a friend who I chat with her and she is really into omo, and we started to chat and we were talking about what we love more into omo, and public wetting is one of the things we like but we never did. 15 days ago a just let few drops into my jeans while chatting it was awesome and we remembered this fantastic moment and I'm out from home so this can be repeated... So I will try to no get to the bathroom today I see if I can hold during all the day...

I was wearing one of my favs jeans, very well fitted to me... I do my businees in town, the day was sunny, I wa thirsty so I bought a fuit juice to get hydrated.

And I go to take the metro to back home. I have to take a metro then change to the autobus.

I passed 4 hours in the town center, i's like 5h30PM the sun will go out and it's time to go back. I finish with a little time to drink my juice and I go to the metro... i feel I have to pee but something regular...

When I sat down I started to have a more need to pee... I arrived and into the trasboration from metro to autobus, I get attraped in a rain so I take refuge into a cash machine office, I started to feel I really need to pee... With this rain it was really hard it doesn't help me a lot the only thing I won is to need to pee more! I was chatting with my friend and she says me hold it yes you can do it! But if you pee your pants no problem...

10 minuts later, the rain trun off and I go to take the autobus. At the moment i was waiting for it...

.. I really have to pee... and the buses were crowded so... I had to wait, 10 minutes later I can catch one I I go for 25 minuts more of traject. My bladder was really full, I was stand, each movement made me thought I will drop! I was moving slowly my legs and try to ignore my really full bladder... My friend was sending me pictures of cascads and fountains so I didn't looked at the phone during the traject 3 stations before arriving I was very baaad, my belt was making pressure over my bladder I was thinking I'll arrive soon please... My heard was making bum bum bum...

Finally I arrived, I go out from the station and I said my friend I can't anymore and she says me, don't worry, just do it... There was a lot pof people near the station so I found a more quiet place, I was really dark, the sun was gone and without doing any effort I feel someting hot in by boxers...

I say to my friend look! I'm leaking but I stopped, she says me don't worry, do it! My heat was racing bam bam bam...

It felt absolutely awesome, this time I really wet my pants totally in public! I stayed there 10 minuts chatting with her some really sweet things and about what just happened to me... I had to walk 10 mins to home, it was night so I did, I passed front of people idk if they noticied but no matter... A took a detalled look of the damages I did to my jeans...

I really had to pee... And I ended having a fully clothed shower

I enjoyed it sooo much, I hope you too, I'm happy to share it with you!

Much love

