Friends and girlfriends desperate to pee

Author: kingkong

*000*2017-09-25 02:30

I thought I'd start another thread of desperation sightings I've enjoyed over the years. I've already started a thread of sightings/experiences involving an ex girlfriend who had a very small bladder - this thread will include sightings involving pther women I have either been friends with or dated over the years.

I'll start of with a cute English girl I met while scuba diving - we'll call her 'R'. 'R' was quite short (only about 5 foot), brunette and had a beautiful curvy figure with large breasts and stunning blue eyes. We were both part of a group that was doing a scuba diving course over a few days, including a few days out on a boat on a reef, so I had the pleasure of seeing R in a bikini for almost a week. She had a fantastic body, and her large nipples often poked through her bikini top.

The first sighting was just after we had finished one of our group training dives. We were each taking of our wetsuits and unpacking our gear when I heard R causing a commotion. I looked over and she was furiously jumping up and down pee dancing, saying 'Ooooh I need to wee! I need to wee! Argh I really need to wee but I can't get my wetsuit off. Ahhhh I need to wee!!!!". She had a panicked look on her face and was very flustered. This went on for a few minutes until she finally got the wetsuit off and then sprinted towards the toilet (which unfortunately was free).

Later that day I casually made a remark about her earlier pee dancing when we were having a drink, and she shared that she 'kind of needed to pee' just before the dive started, but decided against going. During the dive she didn't feel the need at all, but after we had surfaced and she was floating in the water waiting to get back on the boat she was thinking to herself "Fuck I REALLY have to go to the toilet'. Just before we started a subsequent dive I remember her looking flustered and saying 'Ohh I need to pee!' and looking around for the toilet, obviously having learned her lesson from the previous dive.

The second and even better sighting was the last night of the course. We had finished our diving, were back on land, and had all gone out in a group to a pub for dinner and drinks. After dinner we went to a local night club and things got pretty messy, including involving R and myself making out on the dance floor and getting very touchy. The details are unfortunately a bit vague in my memory as I was quite drunk, but I know that after some time the two of us left the club we had started wandering the streets, either looking for somewhere to fool around in private (we were both staying in dorm rooms in hostels, so didn't have any privacy there!) or just general drunken wandering.

Several times R had mentioned 'I really need to pee', and we were quite a way from the centre of town where we were staying. We started walking off into the distance towards what looked like a vacant block of land or a field, the (drunken) logic being that R would pop a squat there. I was not walking particularly quickly as I was enjoying delaying R and witnessing her desperation. At one point mid conversation she suddenly stopped, bent over and either put her hands between her legs (in her crotch) or just between her thighs and yelled "Argh I HAVE TO PISS!!! i REALLY HAVE TO PISS!". I pointed out that the vacant land wasn't far away, and as we got closer we discovered it was blocked off with a wire fence! She started to panic and said "Ooofff. How far is my hostel. I really need to piss!".

We turned around and within 2 minutes R suddenly interrupted the drunken conversation and said "Argh I'm going to go piss over there', walked to a small traffic island by the side of the road, lifted up her red and white polka dot dress, and popped a high squat. I was trying to be somewhat of a gentleman so I didn't get a good view (and it was very dark), but she peeded for well over a minute. Later on we found a relatively private place to fool around and as my hand went under her skirt she hurriedly said 'I peed outside earlier', I think warning me that her panties might be a bit wet. And they were! Not full on wet, but noticeably damp. Either from after she had peed or (as I prefer to believe) she had not quite made it in time and had leaked. All in all a great night out.

We were both very drunk so I can't recall all the details unfortunately, and if I had my wits about me I might have found a way to prolong her desperation or at least enjoy witnessing it more. We met up for a drink a couple of weeks later and when we were discussing the scuba dive and the night out I made a joke about her peeing on the side of the road and she was absolutely horrified, and didn't remember doing it.

