Hot secret passion

Author: Jaylah

*000*2016-12-10 09:38

Friday the 9th, 2016

It's been about a week since I last did anything, riske or wet. Knowing my hubbies return I've carefully selected my wardrobe. Pink lacy thong with black black thigh highs, push up bra (matching), white skirt, to my ankles, nice black long sleeve shirt that buttons up. I also made sure to have an identical skirt with me, you never know with a horny pregnant woman what she's gonna do when she hasn't seen her hubby for so long ;)

It was after lunch I decided to hold it in. He was going to meet me and his cousin down town after he returned from base. Gotta love Christmas shopping. I had some ice tea today. As work progressed, so did my bladder. So I had another one. I was preparing myself and will be ready just in case, I've been planning and scheming since Wednesday lol ^^'

My hubby really really loves surprises, especially the right ones ;)

Yesterday I got his cousin a gift but she don't know that yet, and that'll be my ticket to take my hubby somewhere excluded, I'm naughty ;)

It was 4:00pm, I kinda had to pee, but it was manageable and she's been with me all week at the hip, so we left to get some Christmas decor and other things for work and seperately for personal. We stopped.by star bucks, chatted with my brothers girlfriend and ordered the largest decaf coffee they had, and slowly sipped on that. We were fast at picking up the stuff the school sent me to get, we were done by 5:45pm so went to meet my hubby. He was waiting there, looking amazingly hot! He even gave me flowers <3.<.3 lol

I didn't care that his cousin was there I hugged him and kissed him good ^^*

Which didn't help the need to pee at all. I kinda was getting antsy. He started talking to her which under normal circumstances is fine but this time that's gotta wait!! I pulled him by his arm saying I need your input on the gift I want to get her in private! I was desperate, so desperate that even a tiny dribble of pee escaped as I tugged on him. She left and told us she'll be at the carolers listen to Christmas music. Good! ^^'

He was about to ask where we were going, I lead him behind an alley with some dumpsters. (romantic I know lol) and I grabbed his hand and placed it on my private area.

"I need to go so bad!" I moaned, trying to hold it. I was almost like jogging in place, moving up and down, having to pee so bad!! My hands were trembling at this point, with one hand I was trying to find his zipper to his pants lol, as I guided his one hand in a rubbing position. His manhood wasn't hard to find but getting it out was. I began to pee uncontrollably as he rubbed good. I tried giving him a hand job but I was having a hard time keeping balance. Oh sweet relief! I sighed as pee came rushing out. I kept his hand firmly where it was at. He started poking with his finger some which added to my turned on state. I managed to finish. I was dripping wet, and my pink thong was very obvious thru my white skirt. He hiked up my skirt and I wrapped my legs around his waist as he gave it to me good ! Way way to good! He covered my mouth and I bit, it only added to the climax. After we finished I grabbed my bag and changed my skirt. No one would know the difference ^^'

(Not even his cousin suspected a thing and she has an eye for stuff like that ^^* )

*002*2016-12-10 18:15

Omorashi is very sexual for my hubby, very

*004*2016-12-11 10:06

Thank u, I'll let him know ^^'

*009*2016-12-16 04:40

Ty ^^'

*010*2017-01-25 03:06

{{On 12/11/2016 at 1:14 PM, mastert said:

Incredibly hot story... Did you leave the wet pink thong on under your new skirt?

}}

I came half prepared that day, just new skirt

