Spontaneous semi-public chair wetting

Author: Can'tFoolOwls

*000*2020-09-03 22:22

So my upstairs neighbours are moving out and left some old furniture out the front for the trash. The other day I got back late from a long drive and by the time I was home I was seriously desperate. All I knew was that I wanted to get out of my car and into the house as fast as possible. However my progress was interrupted when my eyes caught on an old chair and a naughty little thought crossed my mind. The chair was for the trash anyway, right? And it was raining so heavily that the chair was already soaked, wasn't it? So nobody would ever know... 

"No," I told myself, "you might get caught and anyway I want to keep these jeans clean for tomorrow." But it was just too tempting to resist so, trying to ignore my straining bladder, I had a quick stroll up and down the street to make sure no one was coming. Happy that the coast was clear and hoping that nobody came out of their houses any time soon, I made a dash for it and planted my ass firmly in the chair. It must have been more urgent than I'd thought because I didn't even have to try: I was immediately pissing hard in my dark grey jeans.

I felt the delicious warmth spread out from my crotch and pool under my butt, soaking slowly into the cushion beneath me. Gradually the cold rain-wet feeling of the seat changed into a much nicer warmth. Realizing that my shoes were about to come face-to-face with the barrage of piss running down my calfs, I quickly raised my legs in an attempt to save them. Turns out I was peeing so hard that the stream continued to flow down (or up!) my legs even thought they were more than horizontal. While I managed to avoid a complete disaster, unfortunately my brand new Vans did get a little wet and my socks were thoroughly soaked.

With that out of the way I relaxed and enjoyed the feeling as my bladder continued to empty itself, happy to remember that I was wearing my favourite boxer briefs too. I must have peed for a solid 45 seconds, but eventually all good things come to an end. As much as I wanted to stay and savour the sensation, I knew I'd better get inside before somebody saw. I quickly stood up, making the pool that was still in my pants run down my thights, but before I went indoors I took a moment to feel the seat I'd been sitting on, and was satisfied to find how warm it was.

After that I went in to get cleaned up and take a few photos. I love spontaneous wettings like this.

*004*2020-09-10 00:32

Bonus material: I slept in those boxer briefs that night and ended up peeing my bed in them twice. Unfortunately I didn't get any photos of the aftermath but let's just say when I woke up the next morning, I was swimming.

Right now as I write this I'm lying in bed about to go to sleep wearing the same undies yet again, except this time they're dry. Who thinks I need to do something about that?

