Public Wetting at the Mall, Part Two!

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2019-10-31 03:57

Earlier in the year I posted a true story of my first public wetting, having decided the somewhat-local mall would be my stage.

Now, simply peeing yourself is pretty awesome. but what always put me over the edge was pushing my bladder to its limit, and the thought of losing control in a precarious situation and going from willing participant to helpless victim of your own biology. I intended to do exactly that...maybe put myself in a predicament that could end up in me fighting against losing all my fluids in front of other people.

Unfortunately (for this hobby, at least) I have a pretty big bladder that often takes a long time to fill to the brim. Long story short, the mall closed before my bladder reached capacity, and I ended up having to settle with just peeing myself intentionally in the parking lot instead of accidentally. Still fun, of course, but not what I had in mind. I vowed that the next time, I'd fill up earlier, time things properly, and do this thing the right way.

This evening ended up being my chance. And by the way, if you're into descriptions, I'm a straight cis-male of above average height, with dark blonde hair and a slim build (I was a decent runner in high school).

I started off by taking my final preliminary pee at 5:30pm and chugging a bottle of water along with some tea to get things moving. Once I felt myself reach about a 3 (you can tell it's there, but no feeling of urgency) at 6:45pm, I started making the drive to the mall, and worked on a second bottle of water on my way in.

The ride wasn't really a problem. I didn't want to put myself in a situation where I'd be a distracted driver because of my bladder. I reached the mall around 7:15, having found a suitable place to park that was both slightly obscured but close enough to the access road and the mall entrance to make it a risky endeavor. By this time I felt like I was maybe a 5 or a 6 on the scale (where it was starting to get uncomfortable).

Once inside, I decided to make a few laps around the mall while waiting for my kidneys to do their thing. Maybe check out a few stores and put some early Christmas lists together. I reminded myself that the rule of the game was that I was not allowed to leave the building before the first uncontrollable spurt.

I noticed my first little warning pangs around 7:30pm where each stride was putting strain on my bladder. I probably considered myself a 7 at this point. Around 7:45pm, while inside one of the big clothing retailers, I could feel a little damp patch forming on the front of my boxers. I was sure I wasn't losing control already, but I slipped into a changing room to investigate the situation anyway. I discovered it wasn't pee coming out of me but a generous amount of precum. Turns out doing a public hold can get you kind of worked up!

I took a few moments to edge myself a little bit when the overhead speaker crackled to life to announce that the mall was closing a full half-hour before the time listed on the website. No fair! Pushing myself past the brink in time was already going to be tight for my 9:00 deadline, but there was no way it'd happen before 8:30. It looked like I'd fail my mission again thanks to my stubborn bladder.

Suddenly, I remembered reading in some other thread about a way to trick your body into feeling more desperate by sitting on a toilet but not going. I just had to give that a shot. Desperate times and all that. While I could feel my tiring sphincters being teased while I was seated, it wasn't going to be quite enough to put me over. I had to come up with a contingency plan.

I decided to check out some of the nearby box stores that would be staying open later, and scouted out the parking/lighting/exit situation to see if they were a viable wetting alternative, but reasoned they would probably be a bit too bright and populated for my liking (this time). By the time my scouting run was almost over, I was sitting at a solid 8 on the scale, and I had to undo my belt to release some of the pressure on my strained bladder.

At 8:45 I returned to my secluded-but-vulnerable parking spot at the mall, as employees were starting to filter out. I decided the next best thing to an uncontrolled wetting while trying to leave the mall was an uncontrolled wetting in the parking lot while there was a fair amount of activity about me. I spent a few minutes browsing social media posts on my phone while my bladder reached what I would consider to be a 9 (a lot of fidgeting and holding!).

Finally, at 8:57 I hit my breaking point. I gingerly exited my car, the simple act of standing up pushing me to a 10. I stood beside my car on the mall entrance side, bouncing from one foot to the other, knowing that my battle would soon be over. At 9:00pm sharp, the dam broke. A sudden spasm sent the first jet of warm pee into my pants. I knew the damage wasn't bad yet at that point and that sometimes I can still hold on, but soon after the second and third spasms followed, soaking my upper leg. One more vain attempt to keep everything left inside failed, and it became an unstoppable cascade exiting my body.

My urine rushed mostly down my left leg, drenching the bottom half of my pants along with my already damp thigh. I could feel it soaking into my sock and pooling in my now-squishy "designated wetting" shoes. At the same time a separate stream of urine diverted down the back of my pant leg toward the ground, carving out two distinct, snaking trails of pee on the pavement below, that would soon meet up and form an actual puddle.

A few minutes pass and I make sure the remaining contents of my bladder are now safely stored in my soggy pants & shoes or on the ground. I took a moment to stand next to my car, my little pond beneath me in view of anyone that would've happened to be near. The overhead lighting was fairly dim, but any illuminated headlights aiming in my direction would have been quite compromising.

My heart was racing and at this point I'm throbbing. Once the parking lot was mostly empty and the coast was clear I climbed in the back seat of the car, sitting on a strategically placed trashbag/towel cover for the car seat. The lower ambient light and my tinted windows afforded me a comfortable level of privacy, where I rubbed myself to orgasm and came under my clothes, adding some sticky warmth to my rapidly-cooling pants.

I decided against changing into my spare, dry clothes, and enjoyed feeling the results of the night clinging to my skin. I'm about to jump in the shower, but I wanted to type this out first while everything was still fresh in my mind. Hope you enjoyed!

