Locked Out

Author: Mel

*000*2012-03-09 08:49

I haven't posted a story in a long time, so I feel a little obligated to make one now. Just keep giving up every time I try making one >.<. Sorry if it sucks or the diction is poor, I was dead tired while making this.

###

So, this story comes from my later years of high school (before I forget to mention, I was wearing a tight white shirt- not like whore tight- and some cute shorts). I was running late for school and could not take time to pee like normal. In my rush, I also forgot my house key (a terrible mistake, it turns out). The last time I had peed was the night before, and after I did that I had a big cup of water. I planned to use the restroom at school... but they were not only extremely unsanitary, they were the hang-out place for the sl*ts and b*tchy popular girls. Not dealing with them...I'm pretty sure they had drugs and even if I managed to get by them the toilets were enough to make you puke. I wondered what the janitors did while they were supposed to be cleaning.

I was fine for most of the day, but nearing the end my tiny bladder had caught up with me and I was turning desperate. It was probably because I was stupid and drank a full bottle at lunch and went to the water fountain many times between bells. I survived through the last bell, my legs tightly crossed and half-focusing on the lesson. I hobbled onto the bus. It was torture as my old bus bumped along the road. At one point I hit a huge bump and my panties dampened a bit, but not too much. I FINALLY reached my stop, where I dug my hand into my crotch, as I was now out of sight of the bus. After a short but painful walk home, I reached my house. I would be home alone. As I rifled through my backpack for my keys, a jet hissed into my panties and left a minuscule spot on my shorts.

I let out a desperate whine and crossed my legs harder. Finally, I realized I had left my keys inside when I looked in the window. I quickly analyzed my situation. We have no spare key, all windows are locked, my neighborhood was filled with creepy old men and one couple on vacation so I could not ask to use their bathroom, I couldn't get into the back yard and the back door was prob locked anyway, and peeing outside was out of the question for me. I sat down on our porch, trying to conceal myself from traffic.

After a while I decided I could no longer sit down. I stood up, and the shock caused another larger jet to hiss into my shorts. The wet spot was now noticeable. I began to panic. I frantically tried to work my dead phone. I then banged on the door, hoping it would open. I decided to calm down, and just pace back and forth. This worked for a while until yet another stream caused me to crumple up while standing, my hand shoved into my wet shorts. I looked at the time. It would be a while yet. A few tears of hopelessness ran down my face. 

As that liquid released, my poor bladder decided it wanted to join as well. I grabbed myself in vein as my pee forcefully soaked my clothing. A huge stream fell between my legs, soaking the ground below me. My shorts could not contain the sheer volume of the liquid and large streams ran down the back of my legs into my shoes. A huge puddle formed below me. I began to sob, out of both relief and sadness. My shorts were completely soaked, and now I would have to wait until my parents got home and explain it to them.

