Close Call - My sister almost found out

Author: Atrix

*000*2020-01-19 13:52

I lived with my parents and my sister in one house. I only did naughty stuff when I was alone or when only one member of the house was present. I made sure the person is distracted with some other things. I would go into the bathroom - pick out my outfit I would like to wear while pissing myself, of course I didn´t really had any "spare clothes or clothes that suited my desire to piss myself in" soooo...you can guess - I went into my sisters room and took out some of her clothes. She had a loooooot of tight jeans and I made sure I would only take out a pair she never would wear. Pissing myself in some skin tight jeans really turned me on and increased my interest in this kink. I always thought on how to wet myself without being caught, because getting caught would mean "total humiliation".

So when I started searching on google about my "new found out desire", I found a video of a girl wetting herself in tight blue jeans with high boots on. That turned me on even more! Seeing the pee running down her legs into her boots and imagining it to be at the bottom of the high boots - just amazing.

So I decided on doing the same. My sister didn't really had any high boots but had some nice black suede ankle high booties with laces.

One day when nobody was at home I took my sisters booties and tight jeans. I put them on once I felt I had to pee. I drank a lot of water and ice tea to increase the pressure. Once I really was about to burst I went into the bathroom shower stood there looking at the booties ,thinking to myself: "I can´t really let the booties get soaked in pee because my sister will notice it" I was deciding on whether to take them off or to let them on and make sure they don´t get in touch with my pee. I was standing in the shower for like 3 minutes thinking of what to do - but then - I started feeling myself leaking.

I panicked and BOOM everything exploded out of me. I saw how the pee ran down my legs turning the bright blue jeans darker and darker. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the feeling. It was different because I was standing in high heel. I can´t really explain it but it felt so humiliating and sexy at the same time. Immediately I opened my eyes when I noticed the pee SOAKING the booties. I gave up on the idea of taking them off and thought to myself: "Now, I can be caught, because this felt so amazing - I wouldn´t even care if my family would know." I looked at the booties and saw the suede material shining and glittering because of the wetness.

After all that moment of pleasure I realized that I had to still try to hide the fact that I just peed into my sisters ankle boots.

So I put on the shower and started showering fully clothed. I even put some shampoo into my pants ^^ that also felt super amazing.

After that I blow dried the shoes and put toilet paper into them in order to dry them as fast as possible. I noticed the time has flown by super quick and my sister would come back from school in like 20 minutes. You have no idea how crazy my heart was pumping.

I didn´t really had to clean up anything else - just the pants and the shoes. That´s the best thing about wetting yourself in the shower or bathtub.

Back to the story.

I noticed that the booties smelled a little bit of the pee - so I took some perfume from my sister and sprayed it onto them. They smell went away and honestly it was not very noticeable, only if you would put your nose into the shoes. I heard the car coming into the driveway and ran as fast as possible into the garage (we keep the shoes in the garage). Luckily my sister parked outside the house so I could just go into the garage and put the booties back.

I took a big breath and I was back to my ordinary and normal life.

I have more stories like that of course...even stories that are very close calls.

If you wanna hear more of my stories or even see some content (videos/images) just follow me

Much love and don´t get caught peeing yourself!

Atrix

*002*2020-01-19 17:55

{{1 hour ago, JAW182 said:

Would love to hear and see! Have you actually ever had a accident in front of her or people ?

}}

Not in front of my family. I keep it very very classified you can say but I had many close calls where I had to explain myself to my family and I just made up random stories to hide the truth.

In front of other people...maybe :3 I will share other stories on my profile. I´m new to the community and still figuring things out. I might even post some pictures and videos in the future.

And trust me my stories are always very juice and wet

*004*2020-02-10 17:57

{{17 hours ago, cumonerybody said:

That's hot, I got caught wetting my pants by my sister before, and it was very embarrassing, but her face of shock still turns me on to this day

}}

Just the thought of my family knowing is something I can not comprehend in my head. The humiliation and embarrassment...omw.

Thing is, I was very young at that time and I could not just buy things for my naughty time alone at home. So Plan B was to wear my sisters "sexy" shoes while wetting my pants. Of course I made sure that next time the shoes would not get soaked and I pretty much managed it 95% of the time.

Of course during my puberty I liked to take things to the limit. So the story I mentioned above was not the only time xD

*007*2020-02-11 16:36

{{8 hours ago, Nils JD said:

Wow, Atrix, now this is a very special kind of experience!

Might night be of any importance for you, but did you wear your sister's booties with or without any socks? Imo opinion it totally changes the way a wetting feels.

And btw, I noticed that we're both from Germany which is very cool.

}}

Haha yes my German friend... I have seen a few post of you already. I will give you a follow, so we can stay in touch.

Regarding the story - I wet them on that day with some black "low-cut" socks the jeans showed my ankles... I really felt like a girl that day xD haha

On other occasions I peed with and without socks and sometimes even with tights. Wearing tights and wetting yourself while wearing any kind of shoes is really nice too. :3

*008*2020-02-11 16:53

Btw... 2 weeks ago I was back at home because my parents needed some help with moving out some furniture. My older sister still lives with my parents (she has her own apartment in the basement). When I came home and went down to the basement I saw her shoe rack and she stacked up on a lot of new shoes (since the last time I saw her).

I noticed that she has actually bought a pair of suede over knee high boots and you couldn´t imagine what went up in my head. (there is a picture below, not the actual boots but an example)

I knew I would not get the chance to wet myself wearing those boots because they were brand new and if I wouldn´t do it in the time of my stay and I would get my next opportunity only in a few months.

Everyday before going to bed it haunted me and I imagined them wearing while wetting but I was very disciplined and tried to keep my desire under control.

BUT than....

One day my sister left to visit a friend in a different city for like 2 days and my parents were on a vacation trip....so I mean...how could I not just use this given opportunity!?

I put on my tight blue jeans and I was surprised that the boots actually fitted me...I mean my foot size is 43 and my sisters is 39-40.

I was super excited and nervous to lose control of my bladder again because I knew that THOSE boots are waaay to new to smell anything like pee or perfume...xD

I will skip on the details but I was standing when I released the pressure and immediately sat on my bumb on the bathtub floor...wetting only the upper part of my jeans....

Of course it would have aroused me even more to wet them while standing but sometimes you can´t risk it...

This is how they looked like (example not actual)

*010*2020-02-21 21:04

{{On 2/20/2020 at 7:09 PM, DouglasCande said:

Great story! I wouldn't like to get caught, but the adrenaline of being about to get caught must feel amazing! I think it would be too much for me though lol

}}

Hahah yes the adrenaline is the best part of it all.

