Wetting in an abandoned building

Author: Rileyy

*000*2018-07-27 02:07

This is an experience that happened a little while ago but it was a pretty intense one in the moment so I thought I would share

So basically one nightish it was dusk a friend dared me to stay in this abandoned building for 3 hours and in return, I would get $10. I agreed and ventured over to it with them on the phone. It was still very hot even at night so I was wearing jean shorts and a t-shirt. I had some water with me and my phone was fully charged. I thought I was set but then I realized I had forgotten to pee before I left.

I walked through the front door and into a dark hallway that had obvious signs of mis care. I was half scared that a gang of people was going to be like get out of our house but it was silent. I walked around the first floor finding old rooms with tattered walls using my phone's flashlight for light. I felt a twinge from my bladder and regretted not peeing before I left but hoping I could make it.

I found some stairs and very very carefully went to the second floor where I walked into a room and the floor was almost completely gone. I quickly left and found a room mostly intact with a wooden chair and a large hole to the outside. I stayed in here for a while just waiting for the time to be up. 2 hours left. I could feel my bladder filling up now. I was starting to kind of really need to pee and I still had to hours left. I decided to try and adventure again.

As I tried the corner I saw a bathroom sign and I got kind of curious and walked in. The room was in horrible condition. The toilets had all fallen apart and it was pitch black except for the small light that my phone gave. I was half hoping I'd be able to pee in here but I was getting super creeped out. I went back to my hiding place and waited.

1 hour left and I was really starting to get desperate. I was doing everything to hold and felt small leaks find their way out of me. I began to feel a wet spot form on the crotch of my jeans. And told myself that I could hold it. After a couple more minutes I felt a large leak escape and make the wet spot larger. At this point, I questioned why I held it so long and squatted down out of sight of the hole and let go. My stream started and I felt the amazing feeling of pee rushing out as my bladder emptied. A puddle of pee formed on the wooden floors and If not for the circumstances I would have been in heaven.

Quickly afterword I heard footsteps and quickly changed rooms to hide the puddle and heard my friends shout my name. I scrambled over towards them and they were like phew your ok. I asked why they were so worried and they said that they expected me to go in for 10 minutes and then come back and not go through with this I ended up just going home luckily no one noticed my wet spot because of the darkness and I still got my $10

Thank you for reading my story! Sorry for my bad writing. I'm hoping to take more pictures in the future but i haven't had the chance as of yet

I love you all so much !

- Riley

Here are some more of my posts if you are interested!

I had a wet night

Wetting my jeans

Wetting in a grocery store

Peeing on my dad's porch

Wetting at the beach

*003*2018-07-27 14:31

{{9 hours ago, Brandie said:

That was cool to read. thanks for sharing and really good that you got the 10 dollars too.

}}

{{12 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Wow, what an amazing and intese experence! I bet letting go on the floor was wonderful

Good thing you didn't completely soak your shorts

}}

Thank you!

Letting go did feel amazing yeah no the $10 didn't really make up for how scary that experience was

