My step sister wet herself (memory)

Author: Alice grey

*000*2017-04-20 22:32

(Hey guys! This is something I remembered not so long ago now when talking to my step sister macy not so long ago)

When me and macy were is highschool we always took buses to and from school, the buses were reasonably priced and came directly into our school with the exception of the town bus outside which made rounds every half an hour on the bus stop just outside of our school.

I remember one evening me and macy got stuck late behind class handing in assignments that were due in that day and this made us late out causing us to miss all the in school buses.

Me and macy quickly made it down to the town bus, bus stop. Something you should know about macy is that she doesnt tend to use the toilet during school time which often used to end up with her opening our front door doing a mad dush up the stairs and cross leggedly scooting into the toilet. Our mother didnt come home till much later and our father worked till late.

When we reached the little bus stop macy squealed a little and began bouncing, naturally i asked what was wrong

"I need to piss!" I remember being able to hear how badly she needed to go and that i had scolded her at the time for not going in school yet again.

We soon unfortunately discovered that we had missed the first bus and another wouldnt arrive for atleast 25 minutes. I proposed that we simply walk home because we only lived about 20 minutes away.

However macy didnt like this idea and wasted another 10 minutes of precious bladder time before caving and begining to walk.

Every now and then we had to stop and she would shover her hand between her legs.

Then - it began

"Go ahead without me Ally! I have a phone call to take"

Obviously that wasnt true but i suppose she wanted to save herself the humiliation of wetting infront of her step sister and leaving a bad impression in the short time (about a year) we had lived together.

"Alice! Alice! Im sorry"

At the time i didnt know why she was apologising but as she removed her hand from between her legs her body sagged slightly and rivulets of pee surged between her slightly parted legs soaking her black sheer tights and puddling around her feet.

Her legs must be very warm indeed

I remember thinking.

When she had finished she ran her hands down her legs to attempt to wipe of the urine and continued walking.

I remember her looking back to me and laughing at herself to cut the tension.

I also had needed the toilet myself and was begining to realise my own need especially after seeing my step sister pee. I was still 10 minutes away from home and very desperate.

Fortunately i made it the ten minutes down into our house however then moment macy unlocked the door I began to leak almost uncontrollably and ran up the stairs and shimmied cross legged into the bathroom not bothering to close the door.

I knew that if i uncrossed my legs id piss then and there so i had no choice but to sit on the toilet with my panties, pencil skirt and stockings on. It was that or wet the floor too.

Macy naturally chased me when i ran to make sure i was okay and witnessed as i sat on the toilet and uncontrollably pissed through my panties and tights and the back of my black school pencil skirt shamelessly with a look of shock on her face.

I remember when i was finished we both stripped our clothes and washed them after making me promise to never mention it again to a living soul.

I guess promises are made to be broken, huh?

*002*2017-04-21 07:55

{{5 hours ago, amberpee said:

You didn't mention it, but was the path you took home along a busy road where cars driving by could have seen Macy or was the path more secluded? If so, was there a bush or other cover for privacy nearby?

Does Macy know about your love for omorashi?

}}

The road we travelled on was split into two parts, the first half had roads either side and the second half was still out in the open but more sucluded as not too many people walked down it. Unfortunately for macy there were no bushes just grass and a ditch too deep for her to get in. I dont think she knows about my love for omorashi because other than that one time ive never gotten caught by her wetting and i dont know if shes into omorashi because shes never told me however shes not a germaphobe and and other than after lunch never had a problem with the school bathrooms so i surmise she was holding it on purpose. Maybe she likes omorashi too, who knows?

*004*2017-04-23 20:35

{{24 minutes ago, dirk88 said:

Did you see Macy holding it in very often? You said she didn't like to use the restrooms at school so I suppose she was always desperate by the time you both arrived home.

And if you took the bus together every day, did you usually see her squirming or moving her legs?

It's a great story! Thanks for sharing it

}}

I destinctly remember that most days when we came home she would be always on the verge of an accident. And i would often scold her for it (not because the idea of her having an accident wasnt amusing to me more because laundry was my chore) and she wouldnt show it getting of the bus but on the walk to our hoise she would walk quickly and and when we got to the front door she would often go into full blown desperation and cross her legs and jump and as she got in waddle up stairs. The only signs of desperation she ever showed was if she was real desperate she would sit cross legged on the bus, but its not that obvious. :)

