My youngest wetting

Author: Avacado

*000*2018-07-22 04:29

@Super awesome - requested me to write about this and I felt like I should post it

Well I was pretty young when this happened....

I was fully potty trained and I never had any trouble so for me to wet myself as a kid seemed uncommon xD. Either way I was 4 years old i think and was at my mom's friend's daughter's birthday. Usual situation, kids play outside in the backyard, moms talking in the living room. ( Now for context, my mom's friends house is HUUUGE so their living room was upstairs and across from where the door to the backyard was...)

Most of the time I spent playing is now fuzzy... but I remember I on a double sided swing with one of my friends and I felt that familiar feeling... so I get up and go to the big door and pull........

It was locked

Me, my innocent mind, and my little bladder spent a good five minutes knocking and pulling on the door hoping it would bulge or for one of the parents to unlock it, but to no avail. I went back to the double sided swings and I was almost in tears telling my friend about it and he tried to help me but still nothing worked...

And after a few more minutes my bladder gave in.

Surprisingly, from what I remember, not a lot of kids noticed. Since I didn't what else to do, I went back to play and just waited until somehow I could inside. Ironically my mom was the one who opened the door and I explained that the door was locked. She apologized and thankfully her friend was kind enough to lend me an extra pair of pants.

That's about it cause that's all I remember xD

~

