My accidents

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-08-16 16:29

Some of you asked for me to post about accidents i've had, so here goes:

1) when I was around 7 years old i was at my aunts house playing with my cousin who is the same age and we were out on her driveway playing with dolls or something and i had to pee but didn't want to stop playing and eventually couldn't hold it and peed my panties and skirt and it ran like a river on the driveway and we laughed but my aunt had to wash the clothes and i had to wear some of my cousins panties and shorts until they were dry

2) in middle school in 7th grade when i was 12 i had to pee really bad in class and finally the bell rang and i ran to the bathrooms but before i could get into the stall i started to leak and by the time i was able to sit down i had a big wet spot in my panties but since i was wearing a skirt nobody saw but i had to be careful to not sit on the skirt until the panties dried

3) at a sleepover when i was 14 at a friends house we were laughing and joking around and i laughed so hard i peed a little into my pants and it left a wet spot about the size of a baseball on my sweat shorts i was wearing and everyone could see and that just made us laugh more and one of the other girls peed a little from laughing at me but only a small wet spot for her

4) when i was 15 i was hanging out with my cousin from the first story and we got to laughing and i forgot how bad i needed to pee and suddenly i lost control for a second and peed pretty bad into my jeans while still laughing and wound up with a pretty wet butt and down part of my thighs and a wet spot on her chair and again my aunt had to wash and dry my peed pants while i wore my cousins clothes!

5) at cheer camp over the summer last year when i was 17 i had to pee really bad during a practice session but it was almost over so i didn't say anything but then during a lift the flyer fell and we all fell on top of each other and someone landed partially on my stomach and that made me pee a little but i was wearing black track shorts so it didn't show and dried fast, but my panties were pretty wet for a while until i could get to the bathroom after the practice ended.

6) and my most recent and last accident from not long ago when harry potter 7.1 came out last year, still 17 years old, and i went with a bunch of friends to a friday night show after dinner and waited in a line and then waited in our seats but i didnt want to leave even though i had to pee a little so i held it and finally the movie started and my need to pee kept getting worse and worse until i had my legs crossed, foot bouncing, hand stuffed into my crotch. Then came the part where bagshot turns into nagini and the snake jumps at the screen and it startled me so bad i lost control a little and peed my jeans some. i got control but i could feel a small wet spot on my jeans with my fingers. i kept holding it but now the seal was broken and a few minutes later i lost another spurt and felt some run down my butt cheeks and i felt wetter. i squeezed hard because i didnt want to miss any of the movie.

My best friend Penny asked if i was ok and i said yeah. she asked if i had to pee. i whispered, "really bad but i'm not gonna miss the movie." i didnt tell her i was already wet. i held on a little longer but while they were at lovegood's house i knew i had waited too long and i could feel what was about to happen. i uncrossed my legs and sat up and put my hands on the arm rests and must have gasped a little because Penny asked what was wrong but i just stared straight ahead at the movie as my bladder completely emptied itself into my jeans. my face got all hot and my whole body felt tingly.

I could hear the hissing sound as it came out and then i could hear some dripping noises as it dripped onto the floor underneath me, but not much and the movie noise mostly covered everything up but Penny leaned over and said, "Vicky, are you ok?" I didnt say anything. she must have heard the hissing or dripping or smelled the pee in the air because she whispered in my ear, "oh my god, vicky, are you wetting yourself?" i was mid-pee and could only nod a little. Penny whispered, "what the fuck, Vicky!?" someone behind us shushed her.

I just whispered, "I'm sorry, I thought i could hold it." Penny scooted over in her chair and we watched the rest of the movie. My butt was soaked almost up to my waist band in back and the bottom of my thighs were wet down to almost my knees and my crotch and innder thighs were wet. when the movie got bright i could look down and see the darker wetness on my jeans, which were not dark enough to hide the wetness. i knew i couldn't hide it. i just sat there in wet, clammy jeans the rest of the movie.

When it was over i sat with my legs crossed and purse over the wet spot on my lap. everyone got up to leave but I stayed. Penny knew why. the other friends didn't. one of them asked and Penny sent her a text that I had peed my pants and we were waiting for the theater to empty. so we waited and then we walked out with two girls in front and two girls behind me to cover me as best as we could, but a few people must have seen because we heard some laughing and saw a few people pointing before we could get outside. luckily i had driven myself so i didn't get anyone else's car seat wet from my jeans. at least my friends were nice about it.

So there you go. all the accidents i can remember. if you cant tell i sometimes hold it too long when i shouldnt and i also sometimes pee when i laugh too hard.



*012*2011-08-18 18:54

{{ 

Wow. You sure do wet a lot from laughing indeed.

Also, I think the Potter movie taught you a lesson: avoid being desperate around old ladies who can turn into snakes. lol

}}

Yeah, if I laught too hard and at all need to pee there's a good chance my panties are at least going to get a little wet.

And yes, old ladies that turn into snakes are definitely bad! haha

{{ 

You must be quite the Harry Potter fan!



Loved it!

}}

I am a pretty big fan. i've read all the books a lot and seen all the movies many times.

{{ 

Nice stories, though it may be a good idea to try and break some run on sentences

}}

Sorry, i'll try to work on that.

{{ 

That's awesome. I've always wanted to pee myself watching a movie wearing some light colored jeans, but have been too afraid. I've squirted a teeny bit in my pants on purpose watching them though !



}}

That one wasn't on purpose. none of these are. it might be interesting to do it again now that i enjoy it though. hmmm.

{{ 

Thanks for posting these Vicky, these stories are outstanding. I was thinking that it must be pretty hard to even talk when you have to go to the bathroom really bad, so cheering must be extra terrible but in a good way, right? At least, it's good for those of us who get to hear what happens...haha

}}

Ha. any physical activity makes it harder to hold, even cheering.

{{ 

Those are great, Vicky. Thanks. Love your HP devotion, haha.

}}

I had to show my true loyalty to dumbledore, right? haha

{{ 

I wish i was brave enough to do this in public. I'm too good at holding it -sighs-

Must have felt really good though. -giggles-

}}

Well now i might enjoy it but when it happened i wasn't into this so it was really embarassing and i didnt want it to happen. maybe now that i do enjoy it i should try it again! haha

*016*2011-08-24 15:52

{{ 

Awesome. Judging by your latest story, it sounds like you gave all the details you remembered. But I figured by 17, you would've learned your lesson? (Or do you like holding it?).

}}

I remember that one the best because it is most recent, less than a year ago, so i remember more details. i should have learned my lessons but i still hold it too long a lot and hsould go sooner than i do but i keep holding it anyway. maybe i secretly liked to hold it back then and didnt know it? hmmm

{{ 

She said earlier she just discovered wetting. :) Lucky us!

}}

Haha. lucky me, too! ha

*019*2011-09-01 20:15

{{ 

That must have really sucked to pee in a movie theater. Cant really think of a worst spot to do so.

}}

Um, better than school around people you know and see all the time? at least most people at a movie you will never see ever again! but it still sucked, yeah

