Desperate Skype Meeting

Author: Lils

*000*2019-06-16 18:49

This evening I had a Skype meeting for a volunteer organisation I'm involved with starting at 18:30 (yes, that is a very strange time for a meeting). Before the meeting I had a slight urge to pee, but nothing too bad. Instead of going to the bathroom, I made myself a large cup of tea and filled my water bottle once more.

The meeting went fine, and nothing to special happened, except that my need to pee kept growing as I first finished my tea and then started (mostly absentmindedly) drinking from the bottle of water I had next to me. Around 19:15 my hand occasionally slipped between my legs to hold myself - nothing that could be noted on Skype as only my face was visible and I kept on discussing with my co-workers/volunteers. It remained this way for the rest of the meeting, as my need kept growing.

At 19:45 my meeting was concluded, and I said goodbye to my people and closed Skype. I went to clean up some things left from dinner, dancing through my kitchen and dining room. My light blue skinny jeans were digging into my bladder, which did not make holding, or bending down to put things in the dishwasher, any easier. For context, I was also wearing grey socks, and hipsters in a shade of red. I was wearing a blouse over my jeans.

After cleaning up the kitchen and dining room, which took about five minutes, I went upstairs and closed all my documents, saved and uploaded the minutes I had taken of the meeting and logged on to this forum. I was dancing around behind my computer while answering some private messages and reading some topics. My desperation was growing inmensly fast, probably because there was a natural build up of liquid before I decided to dump a large cup of tea and a bottle of water in my bladder as well (plus that I also had a tall glas of water with my dinner). 

As I was replying to private messages and looking up some fun videos, the feeling of pee trying to escape grew and before long I truelly and unintentionally lost a first spurt of pee in my pants and jeans. I could feel the wetness while holding and was surprised that I had lost it that quickly. For about ten minutes I was steadily leaking, while dancing around and occassionally freeing my hands in order to type a message - it was at these times that I often leak. When I would remove my hands from between my legs, I would have to wipe them dry on my jeans.

Then I lost another spurt of pee, and I tried to hold it in, but seconds later I was losing more and instead of stopping I could only decrease the stream I was peeing. With two hands between my legs, I hobbled to the bathroom. As if my bladder sensed relief was near, the small stream of pee turned into a large stream and I was quickly soaking my jeans while standing on a mat in front of my shower. I gave up on trying to take the step into the shower, as I could only sigh in pure relief as my bladder emptied into my jeans, through my socks and onto (and into) the mat.

After I finished wetting, I admired my fully wet jeans in the mirror. They had turned dark all the way in the front, only the glinstering of the material giving away that it was wet. The back of my knees was dry, but my butt and around my ankles were wet. I stripped myself of wet clothes, dried my feet and put all my clothes (including the mat) into the washing machine. Then I took a quick shower to clean myself of all pee residue, before returning to my computer to share this story with you.

Have you ever lost it faster than you anticipated?

*005*2019-07-08 17:47

{{On 6/17/2019 at 9:00 PM, Holdit4me said:

What a great story! Do you feel that during your Skype meeting there may have been any signs of desperation that would go unnoticed by most, but someone into our kink might have picked up on?

}}

I don't really think so - plus that I was sharing my screen (and not the video of myself) a large part of the meeting.

