Wet myself in a supermarket

Author: leakyturtle

*000*2022-06-12 18:27

Hei everyone!

Quite nervous to write this because I have never spoken about this before outside of therapy, conversations with my mum or my boyfriend. But this is kinda the whole reason I’m here so being secretive would be pointless. I’m trying to learn to be more open and how to speak more freely about my bladder problems and I feel like a community of people who speak about these things easily is a good thing to try. It is only my second day here as a member and I still don’t understand much about this forum but I fear if I delay talking about these things then I will keep putting it off until I’m too afraid to ever share anything. I will apologise in advance for my not so good English.

I have had bladder issues for as long as I can remember. Growing up with my siblings, I was always the one wetting the bed or otherwise wetting myself. I was teased by my siblings and my dad would shout at me and shame me in front of other people. My mum was the only kind person and always helped me and comforted me. She always told me it would get better as I got older, but it didn’t and as I got older the teasing from my siblings and anger from my dad got worse.

I didn’t have any sleepovers or go to anyone else’s because I was too scared I would wet the bed. I shared a room with my sister and she did have sleepovers and on those nights my dad would sleep on the sofa and I would sleep with my mum in case I did wet the bed. These days I wear overnight diapers every night but at the time my mum never even suggested such a thing. If I did wet the bed when I shared with mum she would always help me clean up and hide it from everyone else. Today I have a bed time ritual that I follow religiously but if I have a night terror I will always wet the bed. During the day I use pads and/or incontinence underwear. Sometimes if I’m home alone or just at home with my boyfriend then I’ll just wear normal underwear because I dislike pads and incontinence underwear and my boyfriend has never been bothered if I leak in front of him. Without protection it is very rare that I end a day with clean underwear

The reasons I want to write of this first is because this is one of my most strongest and emotional memories and is from when I was in my early teens and we were were in a supermarket. I was with my dad, and one of my sisters. We were walking around the store and I needed to pee and was already starting to wet myself. Even today I rarely get much or sometimes no warning at all that I need to pee, the working theory is that this is some kind of mental problem but it’s also thought I have a weak bladder too because I can’t hold my pee well even with warning.

But even though I had already started to pee I was scared to ask dad where the toilets were because he was in a hurry for some reason. I was walking around the store some steps behind my dad and sister and I was slowly wetting myself. At some point we stopped at the frozen aisle and my dad turned to ask me a question. I saw him turn to look at me and I crossed my legs trying to hide that I had already peed on myself, but I failed and he saw my wet trousers. He got angry and started to shout at me in the middle of the store. He got right up into my face and was shouting really loud. People were staring as he told me off for being “a broken excuse of a girl” I was terrified. I was always terrified when he got angry. What little control I had before then totally left me and I started wetting myself right then in front of everyone. At one point he must have noticed the sound of pee coming from my trouser legs onto the floor and I think he snapped in some way.

He just left. He just walked away with my sister and refused to take me with them. I called after him and begged he didn’t leave me there. I apologised time and again and through my tears pleaded that he would return, but he didn’t. I was left alone with all those strangers staring at me. My dad had humiliated me like this before but this was worst because we were in busy supermarket. I just stood there crying my eyes out. I was only rescued from the situation when a member of staff intervened. I don’t remember his name but he was kind. He gave me his jacket to wrap around my waist and then he took me to a back room. Eventually I ended up with the store manager in her office and she gave me some underwear and clothes from their clothing section and after I had changed in a toilet she then asked who I wanted to call to collect me, though she also suggested I should call the police, but I just wanted my mum.

I called my mum in a flood of tears and she left work to come to collect me. When she got there she was angry, very angry. I could hear her shouting at someone (she was shouting at my dad down the phone but I didn’t know this at the time) and I’d never heard her angry like this before. At first I thought she was angry at me, I thought I had made my mum hate me too. I can’t explain the feeling but maybe other people here have felt it before but whenever I get scared my bladder feels like it’s ?contracting? I don’t know if that’s right word but that’s how it feels and then I start to pee.

It doesn’t matter if I don’t need to pee it just happens and I can’t stop it and it happened when I heard my mum was angry. She came into the little office and I was sat on a chair to the side of the room. My bladder was contracting and I started to wet myself again, I couldn’t help it I tried hard to stop but I couldn’t do anything. I only stopped wetting myself when I realised my mum wasn’t angry at me and my bladder stopped contracting

I was still crying my eyes out and apologising to the manger for peeing on her chair. My mum didn’t even acknowledge the manger but just came straight to me and hugged me. She was angry but also crying. Before that day I had never seen my mum cry. I apologised to her for everything probably a thousand times but she never replied and just hugged me. Once I’d calmed down my mum asked me what had happened and through my tears I told her everything. That night my mum and dad had a big fight and he was gone the next morning. He came back few days later but only to collect some things. Since then I’ve seen him only few times and I blame myself.

My therapist and my mum tell me that it’s not my fault, they say my dad was abusive to me but it never felt that way. I feel like I made his anger. This is why I’m here. I’m confused and I want to try and make sense of it all. I understand this forum is for people who enjoy to wet themselves (I think) and whilst I don’t feel that way I want somewhere I can talk about this openly and not feel embarrassed. I feel like this could be a good place for me to talk openly and try to help myself.

My intention is to be open, honest and to talk about my feelings and thoughts around my bladder problems. My boyfriend thinks it is a good idea to tell about times I have wet myself so I can get used to talking about it and whilst I feel embarrassed to do so I feel like he’s right so if I feel comfortable you can maybe expect more stories from me.

Anyway, thank you for reading. I hope you have a lovely day.

*004*2022-06-13 10:06

{{9 hours ago, wettingman said:

Have you discussed your bladder problem with a doctor ? There is likely a medical reason for your incontinence. There are a wide range of treatments for your condition. There are medications, pelvic floor exercises such as kegels , and even some surgical procedures to help strengthen your bladder and sphincter. You should not have to suffer like this.

}}

Yes. When I was younger the doctor attitude was “it’s fine she’ll grow out of it” but when I got older and continued to have accidents they started to take it serious. I’ve had scans, tests, I’ve been probed and they have said since I was a teenager that I have some problems with my bladder.

But that is only part of it. They say that the biggest contributor to my accidents is some kind of mental problem. They think that for some reason my brain and bladder do not communicate well. They have done tests to see if my inner tubes (I’m sorry I don’t know the correct word in English) were blocked in some way as that would explain why I don’t get much or any warning when my bladder is full. They couldn’t find anything so now they think it is some kind of physical problem with my bladder and some kind of mental problem that causes my accidents.

Some years ago a nurse recommended me some exercises and I tried them for several months and they did make positive difference. I’m very scared about the idea of surgery but thankfully surgery has not been talked of yet.

I also speak to a therapist every couple of weeks and she helps me very much. I’ve had many less night terrors since I started talking with her and because the night terrors are far fewer my bed wetting has decreased. At least in seriousness, I still pee in my sleep sometimes but I don’t overflow my overnight diaper as often.

Thank you very much for your reply!

*010*2022-06-13 18:53

Thank you to everyone who has replied. I never thought this would get so many. I have read every single one and it all makes me feel more comfortable being here.

Thank you!

*016*2022-06-14 19:24

I want to thank you all again! You have all made me feel so welcome and I am thankful for all of the supportive comments!

I am feeling much more comfortable to write more and open up more and that Is because of all the support I feel.

Thank you all

