My first Domme

Author: Alice Ivy

*000*2021-03-27 23:01

Hia! so I've been trying to write some stuff for a while but I keep on hitting writers block until now. Today I started a hold out of boredom and horniness and then my girlfriend controlled me. it ended 5 hours later with me trembling on the toilet.

But first, what do I look like? Well am a tall girl, 6'4" and I'm rather skinny (although I'm finally a healthy weight, hell yeah!). I was just kinda wearing lounge clothes, joggers, t-shirt, and my favourite denim jacket. My hair is brown and sometimes frizzy, sometimes curly (today it was just a frizz ball -.-). Anyway, this was way too long of an introduction so lets get on with the actual experience.

I was bored all day. Then I got horny and was just going to look at some of the videos on here but I wanted to actually indulge in my kink again. So I was like screw it, time to get started.

I drunk 250ml of an energy drink and had my food. My girlfriend then messaged and we chatted for a bit and she asked me what I was up to so I told her and she offered to dom me... I was nervous but my heart started beating faster and I got those same butterflies in my stomach that I get when she messages me in the morning. This was her first time doing anything omo wise so I was excited to see how she did and I think you'll agree she did great!.

6:30PM: this was an hour after I started the hold and I could already feel some pee in my bladder after only drinking 250ml (darn you pea sized bladder!) and she got me to drink a further 500ml bringing me to 750ml. And we just continued chatting about stuff and yeah having a good time.

7:30pm: We decided to play some gaming in a voice call with my friends and she messaged me throughout whenever I coughed or talked about the curry I had or complained about how I don't drink enough and in total she got me to drink around 200ml which while it wasn't a lot it was more of a mental thing where I was only taking a sip at a time and my desperation skyrocketed to an 8/10

8:30pm: I have a doggo, he's amazing and I need to walk him at 8:30 every night. I'm very desperate and to add to this pile of water rushing through my system she got me to take a sip before I left. Let me tell you, this walk was hell. It was cold and that just fucked with my bladder causing it to just stay at an 8/10 and forcing me to walk slightly duck footed and cross my legs while standing still. I just couldn't stop leaking, I had lost control.

8:50pm: I got back home and was frantic, it was like my bladder knew it was near a toilet and was like 'yup time to pee girlie' I did everything I could to hold it in as I messaged my girlfriend, hoping that she'd be nice but also hoping that she'd make me drink more. She got me to drink another 200ml and I was dying. I just couldn't hold it in for any longer

9:07pm: I could not stop leaking at all, I had to physically hold back the dam. Sitting back in my chair my legs were trembling, I was squirming, my legs were crossed and pee was starting to breach my panties. I knew I had to pee, and soon. I ask my girlfriend when I can pee and she says that I can go to the toilet in 10 minutes if I drink 100ml so I obviously chug it and start nearly vibrating I was trembling so much as I waited for 9:17pm

9:11pm: I was so tired and my bladder knew it was nearly time to pee so it started sending stronger and stronger urges that I needed to pee NOW, I was a shaking, leaking, desperate, gay mess.

9:16pm: I couldn't stop peeing, the toilet was so close and I had reached my limit. No matter how hard I pressed, or how much I squirmed, pee trickled out reaching my inner thigh.

9:17pm: Finally! I saw the time tick over and I just run downstairs and plop on the toilet. But I can't pee just yet. I strain every muscle in my body and I ask permission to pee and it already started slowly trickling out before she said I could pee and then... wooosh so much pee rushed out of me for a whole minute. I sat there for a while afterwords trembling from relief.

I don't think I've ever needed to pee this bad and the rush of being dommed for the first time still hasn't worn off hours afterwards. oh and I needed to pee like 3 times afterwards and I'll probably need to pee more in a few minutes too. I think my bladder size is like 400ml and she got me to drink 1350ml so yeah. She pushed me right to my limit and then pushed that limit a bit further.

