Needed to buy dry pants at the mall

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-09-11 20:16

I´d like to share another public adventure I had this summer with my partner S. This will also be one of those threads circulating around the steps I´m taking to understand more about my fetish and how to practice it, so be prepared for that kind of philosophical rant too if you keep reading.

We had planned a scenario /staged accident, like a role play but not far away from our own characters. We´ve played accident scenarios before that have been very intense. This time I would wet myself somewhere outside, and then I would have to go into a shopping mall to buy new pants to change into, while my partner would join me in my embarrassment, and constantly remind me of how much it showed. The plan was to wear pants that in fact didn´t show much wetness, but I had this idea that with some little help from my partner I could trick myself into believing everybody knew, and experience some of that public humiliation that I found so hot to imagine… Could that work? Well, let´s find out.

I was wearing my black jeans that I had only worn and wet once before – that time they were amazingly discreet. I had completely emptied a full bladder, filled my shoes and left a puddle in the woods, but still the only remaining evidence on the pants was an invisible dampness in the gusset. The pantlegs didn´t soak anything of it – they were left dry as the pee rushed by. Probably because the jeans were brand new and somewhat water resistant I thought, so what my wetting would look like this time I couldn´t be sure of, and it added to my excitement.

We pretended to be on a day-trip to the city, having some time to kill before a big dinner hosted by some friends/relatives of my partner, people I had never met before, so I was a little nervous about it all. And (surprise) I needed to pee.

We walked into a park where we wanted to hang out for a while, and I saw the WC-sign.

“I´ll go check out the public restrooms” I said, and moved along, with the plan of making up some story about why I couldn´t use it, but a true omo cliché made things easier for me – the bathroom was only open until 4 pm, so it had closed just 20 minutes ago. Too bad!

“Ok, I´ll just hold it a little longer”, I said, as my partner wanted to go look at some monuments.

I wanted my accident to seem realistic, but since I didn´t need to pee that bad yet I didn´t think I could just press a button and do it. I was afraid I would go “Oh shit, I´m wetting myself” and then just stand there unable to let anything out. That would ruin it. So, as we walked around in the park I tried to leak a little bit into my underwear just to see if I could, while still acting like I was ok.

There were dark clouds in the sky, and we started talking about where to find shelter if the rain showers would come over us. “But I really need to pee too…” I said, while my partner stopped to look at another statue.

There were no other people nearby, and once again I relaxed just to see if I could wet myself a bit. I could. The warmth filled my underwear and overflowed down my thighs. It felt nice and I allowed it to keep happening. I could feel the pee running down both legs now, reaching my socks, until the long spurt slowed down, and then, BAM, – back to, ehm, unreality. Distress. Emergency. Embarrassment. It struck me hard for real.

“We need to find a bathroom now!” I nervously said. My pants were wet, my heart pounding and my cheeks blushing. My partner caught up on the intensity of my emotions.

“Come on, let´s go ”. He took my hand and we started speed walking towards the exit of the park. “Will you make it? Are you ok?”

“I don´t know…” I lied. I knew very well it was too late. I stopped again, bent over with my knees tight together, while my partner stared at me.

“Is it happening now… what I think is happening?” I didn´t reply. Just started walking again. My tongue didn´t work, but I tried to blurt out something like “Things have gone pretty bad for me”. Whatever I said, he understood.

“Yeah I can see that. Damn” He had a closer look. “You really peed your pants did you. Are you… ehm… done?” he said. “I think so”, I mumbled. “At least I think I can hold the rest”.

In that moment the rain started falling, and people were approaching us, so we changed directions and rushed towards a closed building with a roof reaching out on the sides. We took cover there for a while. I was swearing and apologizing, trying awkwardly to explain that it came so fast, I really thought I had more time, and then I went back to swearing again. My boyfriend was more into talking solutions. Going to the party like this was not an option, but we still had time to go somewhere and buy me new pants. Maybe the shopping mall just outside the city with less risk of bumping into any of his friends.

S was checking my jeans once more from behind, and suddenly stepped out of the game. “Ok, pause! You know that bdsm-language, the red-green-yellow thing, right? This is actually kind of yellow. It shows pretty much! I don´t know if we should do this…What do you think?”

I was wondering if he was just trying to fool me with this talk. If he did, it was good shit. But even if he didn´t… To cancel was not an option for me. Visible wet patch or not, I wanted to go through with this. “It can´t be that bad? It will soak in. Let´s do it” I said, and we returned to the scenario.

When the rain held up we walked to the bus stop nearby. Nothing showed at the front of my pants so I was reminded to try as much as possible not to flash my wet butt to people, to always have my back facing a wall or something. We had to wait for a while and then got on the bus. S walked behind to cover me.

There were only about ten people on the bus, so there really was no reason not to take a seat. Unless you had peed in your jeans of course. When we were standing there in the middle of the bus waiting for it to leave, S made sure I had my back facing the textile coated wall but not so close that I´d leave a wet mark on it. I talked about how clumsy I was to sit down in that puddle of water, just in case anyone had heard or seen something. The ride was 12 minutes long. I was cool with it. We reached the shopping mall bus stop, and got off.

The mall was full of people as we walked in. My jeans still felt very wet and cold against my skin, not for a second could it be ignored, but S kept reminding me of it anyway. I automatically started to turn the back against walls as soon as someone was nearby, but it wasn´t always possible of course. I was still cool with it.

We walked into the first clothing store, but I didn´t find anything. Since I needed to buy the jeans without trying them on I didn´t want to buy anything too expensive, but it still had to be something that seemed ok to wear so I wouldn´t totally waste the money.

Here I was in pissed jeans in a store, among lots of people, needing to buy something dry to wear after my accident. Maximum public humiliation. And I was cool with it.

We passed by the bathrooms and both needed to go. My bladder was still half full, but before I pulled my pants down to pee, I looked at myself in the mirror, and snapped a few photos of my ass. It was a little rush. The bathroom lighting may have been bright and unforgiving, but the wetting actually did show more than I thought it did. There was a darker patch in my crotch area and a little bit down the inside of my thighs, not obvious, but visible if you looked for it. It looked just like having been on a bicycle ride on a very wet saddle. Or having had a little pee accident.

I was still cool with it.

We had to go through a couple of more stores before I found some acceptable jeans of acceptable price. I realised I needed new underwear too, and found a pack of three that costed more than the jeans, but now I wanted to get done with this. I walked up to the shop asssistant, handed her the items. She asked me if I needed a bag. S was behind me and said he had his backpack, and I quickly said “I think we still need a plastic bag” and he was like “Oh, yeah you´re right…” Still cool with it.

One of the things that has been hottest to think back on, probably because it felt so much like having had a genuine accident, was the changing. Going into the bathroom with my pissed jeans, peel everything off, investigate the wet patch on the back of my jeans before I put them in the much needed plastic bag together with the soaked panties. Wipe myself off a bit with soap and water, put on my new underwear and dry clean blue jeans, and the socks and shoes that were still a little damp. Then walk out again to my waiting boyfriend.

We stopped playing. I was more relaxed now, but when S wanted to go into another store I realised all power had gone out of me and I just needed a break, so we went to the café to sit down and have a snack. It was that kind of nice thoughtful exhaustion. What did we just do? This was crazy. It felt good. It felt hot. But there was still this big question mark.

Why didn´t it work the way I thought? Why didn´t I get those intense feelings of humiliation and embarrassment? I did in the park, but not in the mall. If role playing works so well that I can trick myself into believing I´m embarrassing myself in front of my partner, so much that I get bodily reactions and can´t even speak properly for a short while, why can´t I do the same trick in front of a crowd of strangers?

It took me a couple of days to find a possible answer.

The thing is – I was not disappointed with the experience. It´s still on the list of one of the hottest things I have done. It didn´t exactly go the way I thought emotionally, but something else happened, and now I think I know.

The feeling I had planned to experience was one I didn´t want in the end, that´s why I didn´t get that feeling. When I walked around there with a wet crotch, I didn´t want to feel embarrassed and humiliated. I didn´t want to play that game. I wanted to be the cool one, the one owning this, the one who didn´t care, the one confident that if I didn´t let my wet pants bother me it wouldn´t bother anyone else either. That thing was hot and turned me on. Just like every public wetting I´ve been having fun with on my own before.

I´ve been fascinated about those two sides of the coin, the humiliating accident, and the deliberate sneakiness. They both attract me. But how are they connected?

When I wet in public in a risky way, it´s the challenge of staying cool that is the turn on, the contrast between letting go of control and still be keeping it, and the bigger the challenge the hotter it gets, if I still make it. I want to make it. I want to hide it in the best well practiced sneaky way I can without appearing nervous, and if anyone would still notice a wet patch I want them to assume it´s anything but this kind of accident, since I act like everything´s fine.

So that´s why this scenario actually did work. First I had the intense embarrassament of the staged accident in the park, only witnessed by my partner. Then my mind changed track, and I had that great hot public challenge in the mall. Walking around with pants that didn´t completely hide what had happened, having a partner reminding me even more about it, and I still managed to stay cool.

When I succeed in waking up the powerful feelings of humiliation and shame, while playing with my partner, I can go there if I know I´m safe. Even if it´s in a public setting, it´s between me and him. Same thing if I´m wetting myself at home. With my head full of fantasies, I can imagine the worst case scenario and go deep into it. When I´m kind of inviting another audience into my game I can´t do that. My exhibitionism isn´t about having strangers feel sorry for me.

I should have known this already. This is a quote from the story about my most intense and shameful roleplay almost a year ago, and the walk home in flooded blue jeans:

There were a few people on the parking lots between the buildings we were going to pass by before we could get inside. I could feel myself raising my head, slightly changing my body language approach, from the “just had an embarrassing accident and want to disappear” to the more familiar to me, “just deliberately wet but if I act like everything is fine they may not notice”.

Even in that moment I did what I did at the mall, I went into the other headspace, the cool one. Thinking back on it, I can still create a story where that walk of shame is a part of the hot embarrassing scenario, but right in the moment I stepped out of it.

A couple of weeks after the mall experience I was on a long bike ride with the plans to wet (like always). I was wearing light coloured shorts and the wetting would make obvious patches, so it was not until when I was at the secluded gravel road in the woods at the ends of the ride that I dared to let go more than a few spurts. I really flooded those shorts just before I was going to reach the outskirts of the village. Jumped off my bike with pee still dripping down my legs, and thought “Oh shit, this was a lot!”

I had a change of clothes with me, and even if I knew I was alone, and the risk that someone would come this way was as good as zero, I went behind a tree to change. And it was just so damn hot. I realised afterwards that, without even trying, I did this time manage to mindfuck myself into believing what just happened was a very embarrassing accident, and I quickly needed to get rid of the evidence before someone saw me. I could go there just because I was safe. All alone there in the woods, nobody nearby.

Realising this difference between shame scenarios and sneaky public stuff has been a relief to me. Probably because sometimes I´ve been a little worried about where to go with this kink, if my urge to experience humiliation would drive me too far publicly, concerned as I am about the consent issues. Now it should not be the case, since I seem to have best access to that core emotion when I´m on the safer side of public play, or not in public at all.

This doesn´t mean I won´t keep on doing my daring public wettings. Like the bike ride in black jeans the other day – when I let go and the warmth grows down the front of my thigh that becomes glistening wet for a while, and I think for a moment that this was too much, if I pass someone now, they might see the dripping down under my saddle, but I´m lucky, the only one I´m passing by is busy with her phone, and ten minutes later my wet jeans are lying in the grass next to me while I casually speak to some acquaintance sitting on the beach enjoying the sunset. I got away with it again. Nobody knows (at least I think so). Am I going too far with this? Maybe. But I get a reminder every now and then, a close call that let´s me know what I don´t want from this, and I keep the risk-taking on an acceptable level.

There´s one last thing I´m thinking about. What´s with the cheerful public talk, that triggers something so hot in me. When my partner, usually while we´re in a “dry” situation, talks or give hints about me having/going to wet myself with a voice loud enough for someone to hear it. I´m loving it, but where does it fit in here? Is that public humiliation I´m after? I don´t know, I think it might just be that it shakes me up a bit, challenges me to keep my dignity in that public situation, as I do my best not to blush and reveal our little secret, just try to smile and shrug it off, like a joke. Maybe in another scenario we´ll explore that mechanism more. It actually feels similar to what I described above, when I do a public wetting, fail in my self control, pee a little more than I thought, and then I just have to deal with it and stay cool anyway.

Sorry, but I don´t think this will be my last post going on like this, and I´ll probably realise some of these conclusions aren´t quite right later on anyway. But this fetish of is way too interesting to stop analyzing!

$$

$$

*003*2021-09-12 13:23

{{13 hours ago, wetskipants said:

On the rare occasions I've set myself up for a public wetting, I've done it much more for the thrill of the sensation and naughtiness but also for private humiliation, rather than public humiliation. If I had come across someone - I've only done it on nighttime walks - the thrill would have been in having done it and the person not knowing, rather than knowing. Had I been discovered, I would have managed the public humiliation but I don't think my fetish brain would have been excited by it. Who knows? Maybe I'm wrong ...

Love your deep thinking about it though.

}}

Thanks! You sum it up in a more simple way than I do! "Private humiliation" is a great description of what might be the link between those two sides of the coin that I´ve been looking for.

*005*2021-09-14 18:42

{{On 9/13/2021 at 2:02 AM, justme said:

Great story. I was once seeing a girl who was seriously accident prone (like since she was about 9), who'd peed when she'd cum (that was embarrassing in high school and beyond, but she also loved it, while hating in the immediate the embarrassment she found it a huge turn on after). So she'd often hold off finding a toilet and often too late. Her life was endless accidents, and I loved it...she did too. Once time we were driving in the country and I pulled into get gas, and she headed in no seeming hurry to the toilets. Coming back later she had clearly wet her jeans to her knees, almost. She had on a double belt which matched her double button jeans, and that proved too much when confronted with a toilet. The problem was that I was in a few hours dropping her at the airport for her to return home after a week together. She had (this is for real) sen her suitcase ahead of her, thus no extra pants/panties. 

So we headed to a Macy's perhaps 10 miles away. Of course she had to walk in with still quite wet and obvious jeans on, and buy dry clothes. She was somewhat red faced, but we both loved it. Some people looked, but most didn't seem to notice at all (I always find this interesting). Picking out jeans in one area, she asked the saleswoman if she could pay for the in lingerie, adding (quite unnecessarily) "You see I had a slight accident and need dry clothes.' The saleswoman sort of smiled and said 'no problem', without commenting on her wet pants. We went to the lingerie department (we both love buying her lingerie and she wearing pretty panties and bras) and she found a pair of panties she liked, paid, and headed to the changing rooms.

I should note I had taken a bunch of pictures of her at the gas station and in the car in her wet pants, and took a few more as she went to change (which unfortunately didn't turn out, but the gas station/car pics are good). As she didn't relish the idea of carrying peed in pants and panties through airport security and on the plane, I took them to my place to wash and later sent them to her, clean and dry. We both loved the public viewing and embarrassment....much like your story. Thanks.

}}

Great story, thanks for sharing!

I agree, it´s very similar to my scenario, even if I would never said it out loud like she did to the saleswoman.

Must have been a hot scenario. Do you think she had planned for it to happen or was it really a genuine accident? Seemed like she owned her accidents well and could enjoy them. That´s something I hope I´d be able to do too if I´d have an unplanned visible accident, but I don´t know.

*008*2021-09-16 08:43

{{7 hours ago, rachelkirwan said:

Fantastically written, I really appreciate how you explore your experience with the difference aspects of the scenario!

}}

Thanks! I´m glad it´s apprechiated because sometimes when I read through what I´ve written it feels like... too much! But as i mentioned, the social/psychogical aspects of this kink and how the different negative/positive emotions are connected to it is really interesting to try and get a grip on.

