Wheelchair Lady

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-12-27 22:20

I remember when I a teenager I was sitting on a bench behind some trees, it was late after noon past 8pm and I was doing some reading. All of a sudden this lady in a wheelchair probbably in her 40s or 50s flew past me moaning and crying, went past the trees and to the park bathroom. She tried to open the bathroom door but she couldnt even budge the thing. When I was a teenager, I was very bitter because I have a small bladder and I peed myself in class frequently so I felt I needed to see this at the time. I relocated behind a tree next to the bathroom and watched her struggle for like 30 minutes, I was enjoying watching her struggle. 

Then she started crying really bad and kept saying she didnt want to pee on herself. The guilt got to me and I went over to try to open the door for her, but it was locked. Then I tried to wheel her to the mens bathroom, but the mens bathroom was locked too. She was holding herself and said I heard her hissing sound then I seen a puddle of pee fill up in the chair and start leaking on the ground for like 2 minutes. I felt so guilty because if I would help her earlier she would have made it. When her bladder was empty she said thank you for trying to help and im so embarrassed that you had to see that, then she wheeled herself off and I never saw her again. As a bitter teenager I was bitter and king of enjoyed seeing it. Now 12 years later, my ways have changed I would have helped her, ugh I was such a bitter youngster but i had a reason.

