Didn't quite make it home from work

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2018-07-23 16:08

So today I attempted to hold through the whole day at work. I was then told by my boss that I could leave an hour and 30 minutes early. By now my bladder was looking like it would need to emptied before normal finish time anyway. I decided to risk it for the journey home!

The risk didn't pay off. In preparation I put my towel from my gym kit on the chair of the car before leaving. Only 10 minutes into the journey I was regretting the descision. My bladder was throbbing like crazy (not helped by the seat belt!) And within another 5 minutes I had started loosing control and spurting leaks every 30 seconds or so!

By the time I pulled onto my drive there was a little wet patch on the front of my work trousers and a tiny wet patch on the towel. I dived out the car and ran round the back of the house.

To stop my self from ruining my shoes I quickly squatted down with my legs apart and lost all control totally soaking through my boxers and works trouser and creating a puddle on the patio about 3 feet wide! Honestly it felt like absolute heaven!

Just finished my shower and had to type this up!

*002*2018-07-23 16:27

Was really exciting!! Stressful but exciting! I genuinely thought I would be needing a new car seat when I was about 5 minutes from home!

*004*2018-07-25 20:42

{{2 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Holding at work and then trying to make it home is a great challenge. And you essentially did make it, if only to your patio. I hope you rewarded yourself in a suitable way. ;-)

}}

Of course! I suppose you're right, it was technically a win!

