Valentine's Day wetting

Author: theGAME777

*000*2018-02-15 15:37

So I went out with a few friends to the local pub last night. We had a good time and drank for a couple of hours.

Before we left I did go to the restroom and peed. I had a lot of pee built up and peed for about 30 seconds straight. By the time we got to the car I was starting to feel the urge again to pee. I thought to myself, we're leaving now. I'm not going to say anything. I'll just keep my mouth shut, hold it in, and go when I get home. There were about 3 others that rode with us that we had to drive home. As luck would have it, my apartment was the last stop. As we were driving toward the first stop, I was quickly feeling my bladder filling up. My need to pee shot up to about a 6 in a span of about 15-20 minutes. We dropped the first friend off and left for the 2nd stop. As we were driving to the second stop I felt my need climb to between an 8 and a 9.

By the time we got to the second stop my need was definitely a 9. I probably should have jumped out and peed there, but our dd wanted to get home and get some sleep and I didn't want to delay him so I decided to continue holding it in and keep quiet. Only a couple minutes after we left the second stop my need shot up to about a 9.5-10. My bladder felt hard as a rock. I was biting my lip and my tongue trying to hold it in. I didn't want my buddy driving the car to know how badly I had to go so I did everything possible to not pee dance or grab my dick and squeeze for dear life, which I sorely wanted to. We were still like 10 minutes from my apartment when I felt my dick begin to quiver. I thought to myself, I don't know if I'm going to make it there dry. The quivering of my dick gave me half a boner, which helped temporarily to keep the pee in. I put my coat over my lap to hide my boner from my buddy.

As it wore off I felt a sudden wave of desperation hit me. I felt the pee moving towards the tip of my dick. I thought, we're still about 5 minutes from my apartment, I'm not going to make it. I squeezed my thighs together, but still not wanting my friend to know I was about to pee myself, I refrained from pee dancing or holding my dick. My dick began to quiver again, only this time pee began to dribble out in my boxers. I looked out the window and clamped down as hard as I could with my muscles, stopping the pee for a couple of seconds.

But my dick again began to quiver and pee again began to dribble into my pants. We finally reached my apartment building, and I got out of the car acting as normal as I could. With it being dark the damage on my jeans wasn't noticeable. I said good night to my friend and went inside. As I was making my way up the stairs a couple more spurts of pee escaped into my pants. I got to the bathroom and peed for like a minute straight. Afterwards I inspected the damage. The crotch of my jeans were pretty wet, but aside from that it wasn't as bad as it could have been. I was glad though that I held it down to a small accident and nobody noticed.

$$

$$

$$

