Tricked my friend into peeing

Author: AlohaSummer

*000*2021-04-15 15:29

Hello all, long time no post

So this experience is from around 2 years ago when I was 19. Me and a friend, let’s call her Elle, were visiting two friends of ours in Germany, one friend (Mia) who’s German and our other friend (Lina) who’s Egyptian and was doing her Masters Degree at a University where Mia lives.

As it was summer in Bavaria and nice weather we decided to go on a hike through the woods, there was a hill we could walk up and visit the ruins of a castle. We stopped for lunch at this little cafe that was along the way and while we were eating we decided to have a few beers/ciders. We continued our walk in relative peace, until around an hour after lunch I noticed Elle bouncing up a down a bit.

So a bit of an introduction to Elle, she’s one of my best friends, around 5’4, slim, tanned, blonde and around a C cup. She’s a little ditzy and child like ( I can say that because she’s my best friend!) and a very small bladder, especially with beer and cider, says it goes right through her.

I decided to keep an eye on her knowing that it’d be a while until she said something, Elle never says she needs the loo until the last minute. She kept bouncing a bit and crossing her legs, the clear sign of desperation. She was wearing a light blue, loose, jumpsuit; it was a bit small for her however so anytime she rose her arms you could see the inseam hugging her pussy.

After around 20 minutes of her subtle desperation she had enough.

“Guys I need a wee!”

“There are no loos, you’ll have to wee in a bush” Mia replied

Despite this being a kind of forest, there weren’t any trees around us, no big bushes either but there also wasn’t any people around us.

“If I just wee here, can you guys keep an eye out?”

“If you can’t wait, sure” Mia said

“Turn around then!” Elle said hopping a little

So we turned around, then Lina turned to me and whispered:

“We should pretend like someone’s coming to scare her”

Obviously, to me this was an amazing idea and both Lina and Mia decided I was the best actress and would be the most convincing. So I waited a second until I heard a strong hissing stream hitting leaves behind me then I turned around quickly.

“Elle someone’s coming!” I whisper yelled at her, quite convincingly if I say so myself.

As I turned around to face her I got a good view of her pissing. She had her jumpsuit and panties around one of her ankles, she must have taken off nearly completely so she wouldn’t splash it. She was practically naked as she wasn’t wearing a bra with jumpsuit, so she was crouching down with her legs spread, perky tanned tits out with her nipple hardening and her pussy gushing with piss fully on view.

She heard my frantic whispering that someone was coming, squealed and jumped up pulling her panties and jumpsuit up with her.

Only problem was: she was still pissing at full volume

She gasped and pissed for a good 5 seconds before she stopped the stream. Mia, Lina and I started laughing hysterically and Elle caught on pretty quickly that we were joking with her.

“You guys are cunts” Elle grumbled and told us all to turn back around so she could finish.

When she finished we all looked at her crotch and saw a baseball sized wet patch, pretty visible on the light blue material.

We carried on with our walk and eventually Elle’s jumpsuit dried in the heat.

Hoped you enjoyed this story (sorry it’s a short one!) , Elle’s a pretty good sport and was laughing about it around 5 minutes after it happened!

