Spontaneous Hold

Author: cryptid

*000*2019-03-10 20:43

This is my first time posting something like this, and I'm a little nervous, lol. I normally only post this kind of stuff on my NSFW tumblr, but now that's not really possible so. Hi Omo.org!

Part of my nervousness is the fact that I'm a trans man. Please only refer to me with he/him/his pronouns, even if I make references to the way my body is different than that of a cis male's.

Anyways. To the good stuff. I don't usually do any personal holds/wettings, not because I don't want to, but because I still live with my parents....I just graduated college not even a year ago and don't really have the means to move out right now. It's not really an issue it's just inconvenient for stuff like this. But this morning I woke up early and when I saw the time I knew my parents were about to leave to take our two dogs to a grooming appointment. I had to pee really bad so I decided to have a little fun with it. On my night stand was a water bottle that only had like 4-5 sips let in it from the previous night so I drank that down and kept laying in bed.

I don't have plastic sheets so I didn't want to wet too bad but I started to relax myself as if I was trying to get back to sleep. This was easy at first but as the minutes ticked by it got harder and harder to keep myself unclenched and my bladder was feeling very heavy. My parents still weren't going to leave for another like 10-15 minutes and I thought I would ramp it up a bit by turning on a long youtube video of "relaxing water dripping sounds for 1 hour to help fall asleep" type video. I rolled over to lay on my stomach listening to the water video, and clenching down at the last second before I leaked.

The few other times I've gotten desperate and everything, I could never really get myself to leak against my will, since apparently I have a bladder of steel or something. The closest I've been is like, forcing a leak that then made my body go "oh wait, that felt amazing, I want more!" and from there starting leaking not quite voluntarily. This time......was different.

I heard my parents leave with the dogs and I immediately sat up, before I realized I needed to take some medication. The past few days I've been dealing with a small cut that got infected, so I'm on antibiotics - a pill in the morning, a pill in the evening. Luckily, I'm kind of messy and have been a bit too busy to clean lately so I had another water bottle in my room that still had some water left in it too. Reaching for it and the medication on the nightstand made me feel like my entire body was just sloshing around. I had just put the pill in my mouth and was in the midst of swallowing a quick sip of water to get it down when I felt it.....my first leak, entirely against my will, spurting out in my boxers.

The "water dripping noises" video was still playing. I jumped out of bed and grabbed some towels that I keep in my room for this kind of reason and pulled off my sweat pants because I knew I wanted to wear those later. The second I stood back on the towels from moving, I was leaking again, a slow stream darkening my boxers. I knew I had way too much pee in me for just these two little towels, and I didn't feel like cleaning up that mess, so I grabbed a giant reusable water bottle that I used to use at work before I got a nicer one last Christmas.

Opening it up and squatting above it, my pee was coming out no matter what I did. When I finally let go, I couldn't stop moaning, and my head fell against my mattress since I was squatting beside my bed and I peed for what felt like forever. I was starting to get scared that I'd actually overflow this bottle when my stream ended, and I'd emptied my whole bladder. I had filled up the majority of this bottle with just my morning pee plus a little extra.

It felt so good....even now thinking about it makes me feel Very Warm in certain areas. I don't know when will be the next time I will be able to do something like this but damn do I want to.

