24 hours without a toilet

Author: DenSak

*000*2020-08-28 15:31

This idea came to me quite a long time ago, but I decided on it recently. The essence of my test was as follows. For 24 hours I have to go without a toilet, but every hour I have to drink at least 100 ml of water. I decided to start testing before going to bed, because I decided to finish the tests in the evening. Before going to bed, I drank 800 ml of tea and went to bed. At 3 o'clock in the morning I woke up from a slight need. About 3/10, but still it was a big hindrance. Through strength, I was still able to fall asleep. In the morning I woke up with a severe heaviness in the bladder. About 5/10. It became clear that the test would not be as easy as it seemed. Fortunately, I didn't have to go anywhere. So I cleaned myself up, put on sweatpants and sat down to watch TV shows.

After a couple of hours I needed to drink 300 ml. I decided to drink a lot at once, not drinking 100 ml once an hour. It was more convenient that way. And that was one of my mistakes, because the bladder has no time to stretch and the despair becomes more intense. I made myself some tea and resumed watching TV shows, now using my hand from time to time. My condition was about 6/10. The clock was about 12 noon. I was no longer sure that I would endure until the evening. And now the elastic from my leotards was pressing mercilessly on my bladder, because of which I had to often pull it off. After a couple of hours, the situation worsened. I already felt about 8/10 and fidgeted constantly. My hands were constantly between my legs, and I couldn't get distracted by the show. I drank another 300 ml of water and did my best not to be distracted by anything.

However, when the clock was five in the evening, the first leaks began. I sat on the couch in only shorts and tried to restrain myself in every possible way. However, trickles kept coming out of me. After a couple of minutes, I just lay down in the fetal position and restrained myself, not allowing a drop to flow out of me. I lasted only half an hour, after which I gave up the leotards. However, this did not help my sofa situation. After I took off the leotard, I started to leak uncontrollably, because of which I had to stop the flow with my hands, but I lost about a quarter, although it felt as if the urine in my bladder had only increased. After five minutes, I lost everything ....

It was my first experiment, but because I was doing it alone it was rather boring and I would not give up the company. I hope you enjoyed it.

