Wetting my PJ's!

Author: StubbornBunny

*000*2020-08-18 03:02

So tonight i wanted to do a hold and see how long i could last. It started with me going on a drive ( i normally do this anyway to relax me and get rid of my anxiety) I brought along with me a 1.5L bottle of water, with some snacks. I was driving for about 20 minutes when i realized i had already nearly drank my water. I stopped off at the nearest petrol station and topped up on some liquids! (another bottle of water, 750ml) After about another 20 minutes had past, i felt the urge to pee. I ignored this sign and kept on driving, as i wanted to be super desperate! I drove for a further 10 minutes before a wave of pain hit me. I had to go, badly. I kept on holding and was trying to find a spot where i could have a wetting ( i was wearing black jeans at the time).

After driving for a while, I was too scared to pull over and do a wetting so i decided to head home. I was super desperate and was rocking in my car seat. I finally got home after being in so much pain from holding, i had leaked a little in my boxers but was determined to make it inside. I went upstairs to my room and put on an old pair of pajamas i had, i also fount an old belt that didn't fit me anymore. I tied the belt around my waist with my PJ's on, and to my surprise, i managed to put the belt on. The belt was so tight i could feel it pressing on my bladder.

I felt a sharp hard throbbing pain in my bladder, i was really struggling at this point! I ran downstairs to the back garden, and headed for the decking. I was hopping, and stumbling at this point due to me being so desperate! As soon as i was on the patio my bladder gave way. I stood there completely wetting myself. A huge gush started to flood my grey boxers and i started to see a wet patch cover my PJ's. It was amazing. I just stood there as i felt the warmth cover my crotch and trickle down my legs. It almost felt orgasmic. I stood there for about 2 minutes emptying the contents of my bladder, as a puddle formed below me. It was so warm! After i had finished my happy little accident, i headed back inside and cleaned myself off.

Here is some pictures i got of me wetting! I hope you enjoy, i sure did!

$$

$$

$$

*002*2020-08-18 22:24

{{4 hours ago, WBxx said:

Yep, the glistening stain on the front of your pajamas is very nice.

Of course, me being me, I try to imagine you sound asleep in bed wearing those pajamas when ….

}}

That would be great, just the clean up after I'm still very tempted to do so

