A Planned Hold turns into an Unplanned Accident

Author: Lils

*000*2019-02-04 19:27

I was planning on going online again tonight and doing a hold, either through chat or the live-action tread on the forum. However, I had to go outside after dinner to run an errand (namely go to the nearest public-transport station and put some more credit on my bus-card). Since it was rather okayish weather I decided to walk there. I felt a slight urge to go, but since I was planning on holding it, I did not want to go to the bathroom before leaving my house - especially since the trip to the public transport station would only take be 40 minutes back and forward.

However, it was really cold outside (around freezing point), and soon I was feeling my urge increasing and my bladder becoming more and more full, painfully so. I just kept walking and found that as long as I kept moving I was rather okay. At the public transport station, I had to walk the stairs and then stand still at a machine - that was really difficult. Once I stopped moving and did not have anything else to focus on, I really felt my bladder and I could feel the "waves" of desperation in which I would feel like almost losing a little bit. I could also not only feel the desperation in my bladder, but also as a pressure down there, as if the floodgates were just holding it all back.

I decided to go home as fast as I could. After about 15 minutes, my desperation had increased to a crazy level. I just had to cross the park, and walk to my house, what normally took me about 5 minutes. Walking down from a small hill in the park, something in my balance changed and I lost a spurt of pee into my panties and leggings. I didn't actually dare to feel how much I had lost, but just stood still for a few seconds to regain control before moving on as fast as I dared.

To get from the park to the residential area, I had to cross a small bridge. Walking up and down that bridge was the worst thing ever, and I almost thought I was going to lose it that close to home. However, I clenched my tights together and walked on with small steps, as fast as I dared to go. The last part of my walk I had to walk past other houses, where many people lived that I knew. In order to not stand out when ignoring my neighbours (in case I would meet any of them outside), I used the earplugs I was wearing and my phone to fake a phone call. Faking a phone call was rather difficult, because every time another wave of desperation (which was more of a constant at that point) hit, it would become very hard to talk.

The short walk through my neighbourhood felt like an eternity, but I finally made it home. I entered through the front door and was so relieved to be home. I tried to unzip my jacket, but I leaked a bit more. Pressing my tights together I quickly took off my jacket, but at this point, I was almost constantly leaking. The last meters to the toilet I made with my tights pressed together in an effort to stop the leaking. At the toilet, I did not even dare to take the time to take of my leggings and panties, and I just sat down, while starting to pee full force in my leggings and panties. I turned on the lights, and was able to inspect the damage while still peeing - and my black leggings were almost wet to my knees! I hadn't even realised I had lost this much pee before sitting down on the toilet. The pee on the toilet seemed to go on forever, and then I just sat there to let the pee drip out of my clothing and into the toilet.

Upon leaving the toilet, and turning on the light on the hallway, I saw the evidence that I had not really made it to the toilet. Not only had my leggings been wet up to my knees, but I had also left a trail of pee-drops in the hallway. I quickly took a small towel and cleaned the floor, before taking off my leggings and panties and putting on a fresh pair of leggings (without the panties this time). It seems as if tonight is another laundry night.

So while the holding was partially intentional, although not planned to go to that intense of a level, the not-fully-making it was definitely not intended. Have you ever had something like this happen to you in a hold?

*004*2019-02-05 15:12

{{16 hours ago, iop098 said:

I probably passed a good 200 people on my walk through the campus, back to my neighborhood and to my house. I don't think many people noticed, but I'm sure I saw a few people take surprised glances at my crotch. The whole thing was a great mix of embarrassing and hot for me.

}}

Did you come across anyone you knew? Because the situation you describe sounds incredible to me, but I would be way to scared of meeting people I knew with obvious wet pants.

{{14 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

How did you feel about wetting yourself? Was it really unpleasant for you or did you not mind so much?

}}

The leaking happened outside, but as I was wearing black leggings, a short dress and it was dark, I knew that the chances or discovery were very very minimal if it only were minor leaks. I did quite enjoy the entire thing, until the moment I had to enter my own neighbourhood where the chances of meeting people was a lot higher, and there was a lot more light - this is the moment where my frantic brain came up with the idea of faking a phone conversation to have an excuse to not pay attention and not talk to people and mind you, I faked a phone conversation in which I had to hurry home to send someone an email to explain my hurrying. My desperation brain is sometimes a bit weird...

The actual wetting happened inside, and it was kind of hot to me to lose it unintentionally. I had forced myself to the point of not being able to hold it before (desperate yoga, for example, or waiting to go to the toilet until I was leaking) but this was not one of those occasions, and it really solidified for me the feeling that this was really an accident, because I had not mentally given myself full permission to pee my pants as it never was the intended outcome of my hold. So to answer your questions, it felt pleasant - however, it was also a bit stressful and would have been even more so had I been wearing any other outfit, so I don't know if I'll be repeating this any time soon.

*007*2019-02-05 19:14

{{55 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

So trying to avoid being seen wetting yourself was stressful, but the wetting itself was pleasant once you were in the bathroom, right? (I don't want to enjoy the story too much if it was really bad for you, and don't worry, we don't expect you to repeat it)

}}

Yes, you sum it up pretty well.

And don't worry, if I hadn't wanted you and everyone else to enjoy it, I would have never posted it online. And honestly, I might want a semi-repeat of this myself, although maybe in a slightly more private setting (or at least, not in my hometown).

*009*2019-02-06 20:59

{{4 hours ago, Fan_Nilicker said:

An adorable story! So, after all, do you consider such an unplanned adventure to be exciting and worth it, or would you have rather stayed at home that day? Maybe, when you were leaving, you had a thought in the back of your mind that something intense like this can occur?

}}

I never really had the thought beforehand, but I don't think I would have stayed home in hindsight. It was a nice experience, although it was unplanned.

