Wet Sitting

Author: Lils

*000*2019-03-11 19:24

For a long time, I have wanted to feel what it would be like to wet while sitting on an absorbing surface, like a desk chair, bed or car seat. I do not want to destroy any of my own pieces of furniture, nor would I want to do it to anything that belongs to someone else. But I had come up with a plan to do some sort of simulation of that feeling, getting as close to it as possible.

About four hours ago, I felt the need to go to the toilet, after consuming close to a litre of tea. However, while I was finishing up my online assignment, my mind quickly came up with the plan of doing another holding session with myself, and of a way to kind of get to experience the feeling of peeing on a chair that would absorb part of the liquid. As a preparation, I drank another glass of soda and went upstairs. I picked up a heavy blanket from the bathroom, and put in on a sitting area in the bathroom (yes, my bathroom has a place to sit), folded up, so it would act as the "soaking up seat". I went back downstairs and got myself some water while I continued to write and answer emails and text messages.

I kept drinking and resisting the urge to go to the bathroom. I don't know if other people have similar experiences, but when I am needing to pee and doing something else while doing a hold, I am constantly thinking 'ow, let's pop into the loo for a second'.

After answering emails, and watching some Netflix it was close to dinner time, and I was holding for almost two hours at this point. I made myself a quick dinner of teriyaki chicken, baked mix veggies and brown rice (leftovers). It turned out to be a bit too salty, so I drank another two glasses of water and a glass of milk. After dinner and cleaning up the kitchen, I started up this forum again and kept browsing, my need growing steadily while I was still sipping a bottle of water.

At this point, I was starting to feel like this hold was taking forever, and trying to mentally count how much I had had to drink. I finished my bottle of water and wanted to get up for another one when I was suddenly feeling my immense desperation. I sat back down and put my feet up and my laptop on my lap. I kept browsing this forum and the rest of the internet. It did not take long for the 'pulsing' feeling of almost losing it (a bit) started, and at this point, I was either constantly holding and touching myself to keep from peeing, or clenching my legs together while typing. 

This continued for a bit longer until I lost the first spurt of pee right into my dark blue skinny jeans. I kept browsing and exchanging messages on this board, but my mind was constantly on my bladder. After a few leaks, I could not hold on any more, and I could only stop myself from peeing by physically holding myself. At this point, I got up and hobbled to the bathroom, with an already sizeable watch patch on my jeans.

The moment I sat down in my own-made bathroom absorbing chair, I could not hold it in any longer. My stream started out like a small stream, and I was hoping I could stop it and contain the damage. But it grew bigger very fast, and then the overwhelming sense of relief made that I no longer thought about holding it in. I felt the tension slip away as I started wetting my pants faster. And I loved the feeing. While I saw a wet patch forming on my skinny jeans, and the tattle-tale signs of glistering denim, there was no pee on the floor and there was no stream of pee following my legs. My pee was being absorbed by the blanket I was sitting on. I enjoyed the feeling of warm wetness on my bum, and try to focus on the sensation of my pants flooding with pee. After quite some peeing, a little bit of my pee ended up on the floor, a sign that my blanket was getting saturated. It wasn't long after that, that I felt like I had peed all that I had in me.

While I was working on the cleanup and getting a load of laundry started (I never have the foresight to put all dirty laundry in the machine and just top it off with the wet stuff), my pants were fast in turning cold (it wasn't that warm at home). However, when I picked up my blanket in order to drop in in the laundry, it felt heavy, warm and wet with my pee. Somehow, the quantity of pee in the blanket had kept itself warm.

And now, I am going for a run - and I will likely do at least part of it desperate, knowing the number of glasses of water I have consumed and how quickly I get desperate after a holding. If you have any ideas what I should do with that desperation, please drop them below in a comment or send me a PM. If you're on time, I might follow up on one of them.

*002*2019-03-11 20:17

I'm already home from my run - and preparing to go shower (because a wetting and a run made me like... double gross?). I feel a slight need to pee, which was slightly uncomfortable towards the end of my run, but nothing I could not handle.

