Ended my long "dry" spell with some wet jeans (pic)

Author: AbeilleFemelle

*000*2018-08-30 02:39

Hello there, lovelies! Just a quick post because I've been only lurking on here for the past year and I think it's about time to come back with some posts

So I've been bouncing around between various living situations this past year and finally have a house with my boyfriend and cat instead of a couch in a house with multiple other roommates, which is part of the reason why I haven't wet myself in over a year (opportunities are hard to come by with four other roommates.) The rest is that I've been exploring other... Interests of mine and omorashi hasn't been my main focus for a while.

Today, however, I hadn't used the bathroom in over four hours since work was very hectic (I work in a warehouse and we have deadlines to get things out by), so by the time I was riding home I was squirming on my seat over every curve and bump. My gosh country roads are TORTURE on an aching bladder!!

By the time I had parked and made of up the driveway to my back door, I was bouncing between one leg and another. "Am I going to lose it right here on the back porch?" I thought, and of COURSE the boyfriend hadn't turned on the outdoor light and it was taking forever to find the right key in the dark! I was lamenting my bad luck when I finally found the right key, slammed that lock open and hurriedly went inside.

I made it most of the way to the bathroom when I remembered I had ice cream in the bag I was holding and waddled back to the kitchen to put it in the freezer. When I reached up to set it on the shelf I felt myself lose control for a second and my panties became slightly damp, although my jeans were spared. I slammed the fridge and went to the bathroom, turning on the light right outside the door only to pee a little more. I had reeeally overestimated my holding capacity to actually be leaking.

I gave up pretty quick on making it to the toilet but didn't want a mess on the rug, so I stepped into the tub and sat on the edge just as my bladder let go. At first, it felt like nothing was happening, but then I heard that unmistakable hiss as the ass of my pants quickly filled up and began to spill down into the tub, and it took me back to being a kid and holding it in jeans while playing until I couldn't anymore. Those were always my favorite guilty moments! There was much more than I was expecting, and it ran over my toes and down towards the drain in a long slightly yellow steam.

When I was done, I was uncomfortably hot with a sexual heat and excitement, and the scent of piss soaked jeans was surprisingly good (I'm not a big fan of plain pee smell, too many years of having a cat with bladder issues) so I stood up there in the tub and admired my actions for a few seconds more before thinking to take a picture. Mostly my butt was wet you couldn't even tell from the front!

I stepped over the rug to the linoleum floor and out of my pants and boyshorts before rinsing them off in the sink and hanging them to dry. I'll just tell the boyfriend that I got some paint on them at work

Of course I made use of the empty house to take care of the OTHER need that had arose from my wet actions, a la fingers, some imagination, and a vibrator I really need new batteries for.

Might wear the same jeans again tomorrow and have some more fun after work, too

$$

*007*2018-08-31 06:18

{{14 hours ago, wettingman said:

I really enjoyed reading your story. Thank you for sharing. The wet pix is a big plus.

I assume your BF does not know of your wetting activities.

}}

He knows I'm into it, is okay with it, but has never shown anything more than a curiosity glance at the fact. I think to him it's kind of like saying "her hair is curly" or "her favorite food is pasta". It's odd. I'm not shy about it and most all my friends know, as have my previous lovers, but he's just like meh. So I haven't pushed it yet, just tested my boundaries. Right now, it's a bit of a me thing. I'd love to incorporate him if I could I just don't think he's terribly interested in general.

{{16 hours ago, ragtime said:

Thanks for sharing this wet, hot scenario and for having presence of mind to snap a cool pic of a v. nice butt and stain (I hope you don't mind my saying!).

Won't you tell your bf that this is something you like? Or is the wet stuff "just for you"?

Also, your strategic ellipsis at interests has colored me intrigued.

}}

Thank you!! My butt approves.

Boyfriend knows, just kind of is indifferent. Sometimes I tell him things other times I keep my activities to myself, kind of the difference between saying "I fantasize about this" versus telling someone the full fantasy. I'm slowly working him into all my tastes. This one is just going to be a little bit down the road!

And as for the ellipses, I've been exploring new interests (thank you tumblr and pornhub) and it's been a nice reprieve to freshen up my interests in this. Works pretty well and you never know what you'll find! (Sometimes that's... Not a good thing but most of my searches have turned out okay for me)

