Very busy day

Author: ilovepee123

*000*2012-02-05 05:32

Okay I woke up at 9am this morning and took a long pee. Put on my favorite pair of grey briefs and my tightest pair of jeans. Had breakfast and a cup of coffee. Desperation was a 0. I had to drive 2 hours away to help a girl I know move out of her old apartment. I started driving about 10:30am. Stopped halfway there and grabbed another coffee, desperation level is now at around a 3. I thought about peeing at Dunkin' Donuts since I would be moving furniture and it may make holding very complicated but I decided not to. Okay arrived in her town around 12:45pm. My desperation was a 5. 

We moving some of the small things out and she offered me a glass of water. I dared not but I did anyways. Now I was at a 6. We moved a few more medium/small things (Microwave, lamps, shelves, etc.). Now to the big stuff I tried my best not to make it apparent that I had to go making me have to go even more. We moved the couch. I almost leaked picking it up because it was very heavy. We moved that and then mattress and bed frame. Now my desperation was most definitely at a 7. She asked a few times if I was alright but I just said I was fine.

We finished up and I headed for the door. She said she felt bad for putting me through so much effort and offered to make me lunch. I couldn't refuse even though I wanted to leave so desperately. I ate lunch skipped the drink, said my goodbyes and booked it out of there. I knew the ride home would certainly be too long for me to wait so my plan was to hold a little longer and then pull over at a gas station. I was about halfway home and I was at about a 9 and I started feeling my penis twitch. I tried keegels but it was't helping. It was becoming the only thing I could think about. I was speeding at this point on the highway for about 15 minutes. Then a truck JUMPS out in front of me and I slam my breaks on and it scared me so bad I actually let a little go.

There was a little dark spot on my jeans and a little trickle on my seat. I managed to stop it quickly which was very hard. I was at about a 9 again. Now my house was just about 20 minutes away. I convinced myself to hold it until I got home. I was about 10 minutes away when the desperation hit my like a ton of bricks. My penis was involuntarily twitching and my bladder was visibly full. I grabbed my penis by the tip and held on for dear life. At last I pulled in the drive way.

I opened the car door frantically and as soon as i stood up my penis felt like it was vibrating a little as I tried to hold back and it poured out of me into my jeans. I managed to stop it after about 30 seconds and although very hard I ran up my steps into my bed room and onto my prepared area for peeing. So I danced and danced and then I got frozen in place and I felt my bladder give way and it poured out. It was the most intense and most relieving feeling I've even experienced. This was definitely the best desperation I've ever had.

