I had a REAL accident yesterday, by accident!!!

Author: Snowgirl

*000*2022-02-14 17:23

Can you believe it??? I ACTUALLY completely peed my pants yesterday and did not even mean to at all. I can’t even remember the last time this really happened.

I forgot how embarrassing a real accident can be, especially when they come at the worst times

I honestly should have just planned to pre my pants. I really underestimated the fact that I really am bad at holding my pee.

So here’s the story of yesterday: Yesterday I had the day off and my partner had to work, but his sister and her friend called and said that they were going skiing and wanted me to come! I haven’t gone skiing all season and I was super excited. They told me they were all ready to go already and on their way, so I have no time to actually figure out what to wear. Plus, it was freezing and windy out! Ugh, they like going on miserable days so that there’s no line, but come on! I can’t even prepare! So I went to throw on my warm overall snowpants and coat but remembered my coats zipper had stopped working annoying. So in a rush, I was like, hey forget it, I’ll throw my snowsuit on over my snowpants and there’s no way I’ll be cold on the chairlift! I thought I was a genius, LOL. Under all of this I just kept my keeping-warm-around-the-house-while-reading-a-book outfit on since I couldn’t change but thankfully it wasn’t even a bad outfit (cozy thermal onesie, jeans and a sweater).

Just as I finished zipping up my snowsuit, I look up and they’re pulling in the driveway. I run to my garage and grab my skis and ski stuff and away we go!

Of course, as you may have guessed, I totally didn’t go pee and didn’t even realize this until way later on the hill after a couple of hours of fun. Upon sitting down on the chairlift, suddenly I realized I needed to pee!

Unfortunately, we were already on our way to the top and I realized it was building FAST from a red bull from the vending machine that I just chugged.

Anyways, yeah fast forward to 45 minutes later when I’m FINALLY at the bottom of the hill and I’m absolutely dancing in my snowsuit. I looked so stupid and had to wait for my friends so they could watch my skis. In my desperation, I was unclipping my ski boots while dancing and thought in my mind “oh my god, I’m literally going to unwillingly pee my pants in my snowsuit in front of everybody here”.

They came down and watched my stuff, and I started walking as nonchalantly as possibly over to the chalet. As I was walking, I thought about taking off my snowsuit, snowPANTS underneath, jeans, onesie… yeah, this wasn’t happening at any point, I’d be 20 minutes of fidgeting with all my clothes in a stall before I can even go pee. Still I walked into the bathroom, into the stall, and unzipped my snowsuit before realizing the boots would NEED to come all the way off if this was happening, and right when I lifted my leg to start attempting to take off my boots, I felt myself let go and instantly I was soaking myself. I felt the warmth and wetness spread underneath my snowpants and stood up and signed in disbelief. I can’t believe I was standing in a stall, super bundled up, and peeing my pants for real with my friends outside. Thank god they couldn’t see what happened, and I just went back out and skied the rest of the day.

It really took me back to my childhood and I was soooo embarrassed, but once I realized nobody was going to actually really find out, I just had to hide in my snowpants/snowsuit, then it was just a matter of acting like nothing happened until I got home.

Oops!!

*003*2022-02-16 19:37

{{18 hours ago, wetsnowpants said:

Oh myy, the desperation from being in 2 pairs of snowpants AND being stuck in boots must have been unreal ;'D

Must be extra tough as a girl because you cant just unzip and go from the front haha

I think cold hands and feet and the swish of snowpants always does it for me. i always seem to get really desperate when i need to do something delicate and my hands are cold and i try and do it quick and end up taking twice as long to do it, dancing from one foot to the other all the while

}}

Literally if I was thinking at all before heading out, I would’ve just worn a diaper and saved myself the embarrassment of ever having to worry about them finding out I peed my pants.

Don’t get me wrong, I loved having my snowpants under the snowsuit, it kept me super warm and it was kinda fun having a secret extra layer trapping me in, but yeah. When I realized I’d need to #1 Take of the snowsuit which right off the bat required me to take off my ski boots which is impossible (and hang the snowsuit up in the stall somehow), #2 Take of the snowpants (and hang THEM up too!), take off my jeans, take off my sweater and my shirt so that I could pull down my thermals, THEN finally sit down and pee… yeah, standing there in the tiny stall while not even thinking straight because I was so desperate, I just realized I was going to pee my pants weather I liked it or not before I even got my boots off. And then moments later I was already all done peeing lol.

I will say, there was a bit of a line and everyone waiting behind me must’ve known I went in my pants. I was in and out in 1 minute and didn’t even flush lol. I always kinda like when that happens though, when I inadvertently let people in on my little secret.

{{On 2/14/2022 at 3:37 PM, Goldenretriver said:

I always find the cold and snow plays havoc with bladders, I don't know if its a psychological thing but it has caught me out several times

}}

Yep it absolutely does, right? I also find when I put on a snowsuit I don’t have to go anymore. Then it’s all at once for some reason. I’ve been like that since I was a kid.

Cold will make me not have to go then make it suddenly impossible to hold it lol.

{{On 2/14/2022 at 12:47 PM, Snowpants said:

@Snowgirl

Great experience. I was planning a ski day this week but had to cancel. Mt plan was to see how long I could hold my piss before I wet myself. Isn't it wonderful that snow pants and snowsuits hide our wetting fun! Hoping to reschedule my ski day for next week.

}}

Aw you totally should do it! That’s a fun game to play. Snowsuits and snowpants are super great for hiding it!!!

