My Most Recent Accident

Author: SomewhatSoaked

*000*2022-06-04 00:22

This is my first post, so please bear with my storytelling and long winded-ness while I recount my most recent experience.

About a month ago, I was out running some errands and not really planning any holding or wetting during the outing. I had on medium gray shorts and a navy polo shirt, a pretty standard look. I got done with all but one errand when I decided I would get some dinner before the last stop. I hadn’t been to the bathroom in about 1.5-2 hours at this point, but wasn’t intentionally filling up on liquids, and I did not feel any need to go.

I went to a local spot and sat at the semi-indoor, semi-outdoor bar. I had a cocktail with my meal followed by a beer and glass of water. I was there for around an hour but didn’t really feel any urge to go when I left so I carried on to finish my last errand, picking up a few groceries.

I parked and entered the store to grab a basket and knock out my list. As I started shopping, I felt a slight twinge in my bladder but I was sure I could finish my trip and make it home easily. I got about halfway through my list when my urge started to become more noticeable but I still felt like I could finish up and get home. However, by the time I was finishing my list and heading for the checkout, I felt my urge get even stronger. The alcohol was starting to catch up with me suddenly, as it tends to do, and I started to think through my options. My urge was to a point where I would definitely be finding a restroom under normal circumstances so I considered the following:

1. I could park my basket outside of the restroom and go before I checkout. There would be a low likelihood of anyone bothering my things so most normal people would pick this option.

2. I could checkout, park my basket outside of the restroom, and then go. The likelihood of anyone messing with my things would still be low and a normal person would also pick this option.

3. I could hurry through the checkout, make a beeline for my car, drive 5-10 minutes home, and hope I make it.

Based on the title of this post and the fact that I am sharing, I’m sure you can guess I picked option 3.

I had few enough items to use the self checkout, so I made my way to that area and at least knew I was somewhat in control of my own destiny. This is where my need kicked up a little more. I was doing my best to subtly squirm and shift my weight from foot to foot while scanning and bagging my groceries. I was able to abstain from grabbing myself to spare that amount of embarrassment. As I finally finished bagging, loading, and paying for my groceries, I made one more decision that solidified my choice for option 3 above. I grabbed two additional empty plastic grocery bags that would later come in handy.

Now that I was committed, I made my way out of the store and to my car. I loaded my groceries as quickly as possible and again was able to refrain from grabbing my crotch in plain sight while still subtly squirming and shifting. I returned my basket to the return area and hopped in my car. From the point I exited up until this moment, my need felt like it increased even more. I was seriously in trouble now.

I kept my two empty grocery bags in my free hand as I navigated out of the parking lot. Now was the time that I started grabbing my crotch for dear life, even with the grocery bags still in my hand! I was very frantic at this point and knew that I was not going to make it home. My mind went into overdrive figuring out how I could escape the situation with the least amount of damage. I was shortly into the neighborhood which I cut through to get home and by this point it was luckily dark outside. I was extremely frantic and just trying to locate a place I could pull over that was discrete enough so that I at least would not soak myself in my car. I pulled up to a stop sign at what I thought would be an empty corner but turns out someone was outside talking on their phone! Oh no, this caused me to spurt, still holding my crotch with the grocery bags in hand. 

A second later, another spurt. I had to find a place and get out of my car, fast. I turned the corner and headed down the street. I found a spot that was not directly in front of a house and pulled off to the side of the road with my flashers on. This was an emergency after all. I checked my rear view mirror and noticed a vehicle approaching and, in my panic, I spurted again. Come on, I need to get out of here. As the car passed me, I let out another spurt. I couldn’t see the damage but I know my butt was at least still dry so that my seat was spared. Finally, after checking that the coast was clear, I turned off my car, hopped out, and made a mad dash for my rear passenger side. What happened next was not something I had done before, but I had always thought of it being an option in the case that I was ever about to have an accident.

I kneeled down on one knee next to my tire as if to inspect it for a nail or other issue. As soon as my knee hit the ground, the flood gates opened. I completely let it all go, full force. I sighed aloud and finally reveled in the relief I desperately needed. I did my best to look like I was actually inspecting my tire but in the moment, enjoying relief was the only thing on my mind. I got a nice scare as I was about halfway through, another car made their way by me. I just hoped with all my might that they would keep going and luckily they did. As the last trickle made it’s way out, I took in a deep breath and just totally enjoyed the moment of the immense relief I just enjoyed along with a plethora of other emotions.

I made my way quickly back to my driver side door and grabbed my two grocery bags which I knew would come in handy. I spread them out the best I could on my seat and started up my car to finish the rest of my journey home.

I arrived home and quickly gathered my groceries to make one large trip inside to minimize any possibly of being spotted in my soaked shorts. My wetting position turned out to be a pretty good option as I was able to avoid getting my shoes wet and the wet spot slightly favored the front over the back.

This was an incredibly exciting experience that I have been replaying in my head over the past month. I have other experiences that I may share at some point and hopefully will improve my writing skills each time.

I hope you all enjoyed, let me know what you think and if you would like to hear any of my other experiences!

*002*2022-06-10 23:25

{{6 hours ago, desperateseb said:

Really good story- I would definitely be interested in reading more of your experiences.

I personally find water acts as a diruretic even before adding alcohol into the mix!

}}

Thank you! I will think back to some of my previous experiences and figure out what I can share next.

I agree, after a steady intake of water, my bladder feels comfortably full and becomes more intense from there! I feel like a well hydrated, water only, hold can even feel different than a diuretic drink fueled hold. A water only hold really pushes the limits of the fullness feeling and a diuretic drink hold pushes the limits of the urgency feeling. I’m not sure if anyone else can relate but I can definitely tell a difference!

