Waiting til the last second

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2019-01-24 17:37

I often got desperate for a pee at school, because the teacher would rarely allow anyone to leave the class. One day, when I was in the 4th grade, I barely held back from peeing my pants. It was the last class of the day, and I hadn't peed since the morning break. I drank quite a bit of water at lunchtime too, and it added up. I ignored my urge to pee for a few hours now, and it was getting bad. There was about a half hour left of the school day, and I had to go pee really really bad. My bladder was completely full, and I had started to hold myself under my desk... I didn't ask for permission to go because I didn't want to be told "no". So I waited until class was over. Toward the end, I was frantic. When class let out, I hurried to the toilets. It was so urgent that I peed in my pants a little bit, as I was taking them off.

*003*2019-03-30 16:07

{{On 1/31/2019 at 3:55 PM, peedespes02 said:

That hard holding it all day during school and being in classes. That must felt great letting it go at end of the day.

}}

Getting to go pee when classes let out was one of the best parts of my day

*006*2019-04-12 15:50

{{On 1/30/2019 at 9:42 PM, Jwjw said:

I bet that there was a part of you that it felt good down there. You probably experienced VERY long lines for the restroom at your school

}}

A lot of boys just went to pee outside for that reason. I was too shy

{{On 4/9/2019 at 3:07 PM, Aybeed said:

I almost had accidents many times during high school lessons.

It was specially stressful when i knew that professor wont let students going to bathroom.

}}

High school was less bad for me, but i did have a few times when i barely made it to the urinals in time. Our bio teacher never let anyone go during class. I had to go so bad one day that I resorted to holding myself (other guys laughed) as i waited for a urinal to open up. Very close call

