Stalling

Author: TwitchyStitch

*000*2015-11-30 21:39

It seemed to me that there are seldom any posts of mine that tell my tales of omo, so I decided to take you back to my last accidental wetting.

Let's flashback all the way to June of 2014. My buddy and I decide to go get lunch, saying we haven't seen each other since high school (college, am I right?). We ate down at a local shopping center where the movies and restaurants and Starbucks and all the popular places end up, but when I woke up this morning, I certainly wasn't intending to do this, I was intending an all day holding session. My friend just popped outta nowhere, giving me the "I was in the neighborhood" line. I was hesitant at first, but this buddy of mine was my best friend through all of middle and high school, so I couldn't turn it down, it would be nice to catch up. He came at around 11, and I invited him, we sat and talked, watched TV, just like the good old days.

It wasn't until about 1 that we decided to go out. FYI, I was wearing a pair of jeans, not skinny, but not baggy at the same time. We went to Fuddrucker's, for some of the non-locals, Fuddrucker's is a burger joint. We ordered and all and got our soda cups, got our soda, and found a nice little table. At the time I took my first sip of soda, I already had 2 cups of coffee and 3 bottles of beer inside me, so I already had to go pretty bad. We were at the restaurant for about an hour and a half, so that's a solid 2 cups of soda.

After we ate, my buddy noticed the place had an air hockey table, and air hockey was our game back in high school, so we couldn't resist. My buddy played air hockey like a pro, undefeated. He made the puck move so fast, it was hard to keep up, I moved back and forth, from one side of the table to the other, trying to deflect that damn puck from accessing the goal, but couldn't. Playing that damned game made me have to pee a lot more, around 7/10. He won, of course, and we left.

Walking out of the building, I had my hand in my pocket, pinching the tip of my dick, preventing unwanted wetness. "Buddy" laid eyes on the movie theater, and made that awful suggestion that made me cringe - "Wanna see a movie?" With me and my heart of gold, I said 'sure.' On any other non-holding days, I would've been ecstatic. I. LOVE. MOVIES. But with my tank almost full, it wasn't the most appealing idea. We waited in that dreadfully long line, we bought out over-priced tickets, and we went in. "I'm gonna get us a couple of drinks." Buddy said. "Why don't you go and find us some seats?" I agreed. Walking down that hall to the theater, I noticed a bathroom right across the way from our theater. I contemplated going right there and then, but when it comes to omo, I get stubborn, so I resisted. The hallway was pretty vacant, not a soul to be seen. So I took the lack of eyeballs to my advantage. I squeezed my dick, crossed my legs to where my dick was inbetween the legs. 8/10.

I walked in the theater and sat down. There were about 6 other people in the theater, but me being one of those 'back-of-the-theater' guys, they were all ahead of me, and I wasn't in there sights, so I continued to hold my dick. Bout 5 minutes later, Buddy returned with 2 large cherry cokes. Laying eyes on those drinks made my bladder spasm, and a little pee shot out like a rocket. I regained control. "Why don't you get popcorn?" I said. He did. I pulled out my phone to inspect the damage, just a small streak, nothing I couldn't hide. 9/10.

I give up, I get up and start running down the aisle and down the steps. 9.3/10. Those steps were not a pleasant journey. I make a quick U-turn and start making my way down the ramp to the door. 9.5/10. I burst out the door and across the hall to the bathroom. 9.6/10. Long line for urinals and stalls, movie must've just ended. 9.7/10. Just standing there was easing the pain... but just a little. 9.8/10. A few people go, then leave. 9.9/10. Come on. I think. You can last to 11. 10/10. 

Nothing comes out, thank god. A stall finally makes itself available. I jolt in, struggling to hold my fluids. I undo the belt and button and I go for the zipper, but the zipper doesn't budge. Shit, my shirt is caught in the zipper. Fuck, fuck, fuck. I yank and I pull, but it was ineffective. 11/10. I've been defeated, it starts flowing out, a large wet patch makes it's way across my thigh, while a little streak makes its way down the side of my legs. The giant wet patch is covering my thigh to my knee completely and stopped just below the knee.

The stream making its way down the side of my leg starts separating into multi-streams, it starts to look like rivers on a map. The stream finds itself out of the leg of my jeans onto the floor, and into my right shoe. I feel my right blue, Vans hightop start to flood on the inside. My flaccid dick turned into an erection, my horniness rapidly increasing. The stream slows and finally comes to a stop. I take in the relieved feeling, and then am overtaken by embarrassment. I examine the damage. It's bad, you guys. My right thigh is soaked, and my shin looked like a map. My shoe was now a reservoir for pee, and the floor was covered by a big, yellow puddle. I can hear guys out there whispering about me, a few chuckles here and there. I realize, they can see the puddle. I unlock the door, and run instantly out of the movies and into my car, and I leave Buddy behind. I feel bad, so I texted him that my aunt was in a critical car crash and had to go.

When I arrived home, I peeled off my pants, threw them in the washing machine, then had the best masturbation session of my life, showered, then relaxed for the rest of the day. Me and "Buddy" are still friends.

