Wetting in front of the Toilet

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-01-19 16:05

So this occurred to me in second grade. This was on one of the occasions where in I had run out of diapers, and but fortunately, it was a free dress day. I had finished off my last diaper after arriving at school, and after changing out of it, hadnt used the bathroom since that diaper.

Now flash forward to recess, which was about ten o'clock. I had finished the quesedilla and soda my mom had brought for me. By this point, the slight twinge I had in my bladder from earlier in the morning had grown a bit, but I was confident I could hold it in. I had also grown a need to poop.

Putting that off, I went off to go play in the courtyard area designated for us, though we could go talk to the third graders as their area was right next to ours. Our teacher, Mrs. Shales, was monitoring us.

By about halfway in, I was pretty desperate, crossing my legs together and trying to think dry. Normally, I'd be fine with just sitting back and letting go, but without the confines of a diaper, I was somewhat afraid my classmates would notice the puddle growing underneath me. A little while after, I got up, told the teacher I was going to the bathroom, and dashed in.

Seeing the urinals were all in use, I went into the stall. But just as I stepped in front of the toilet, my 2nd grade bladder released, soaking the front of my pants. Thankfully, they were already dark in color, and frankly, I didn't care, I just felt relief. After my flow ended, I slid my pants down, pooped into the toilet, flushed, washed my hands, and left.

*002*2018-01-19 18:00

{{5 minutes ago, BENAir01 said:

Cool story!

}}

Thanks BEN

*004*2018-01-22 04:30

{{7 minutes ago, DownSouth said:

I remember when I was four years old (I think) being desperate to pee while I was brushing my teeth for bedtime. I usually used the toilet after finishing my teeth. This one time I had to go really badly, but didn't want to change my routine. Just as I was done brushing my teeth, my bladder let go full force, immediately spreading through my pants. Since I knew that my pants were wet anyway, I just stood there relieving myself and completely soaked my jeans right next to the toilet .

}}

,Wow, clean up must have sucked

*006*2018-01-29 03:20

{{36 minutes ago, DownSouth said:

I have no idea about that, as I was only four or so. I took off my soggy pants and underwear and left them on the floor. I don't remember if I told my parents that I had an accident or if they found a puddle and pile of wet clothes later. I don't remember anything else that was done or said. I just remember losing control and peeing all over myself and then taking my wet clothes off.

}}

Still interesting

