Just peed my pants in front of my German teacher

Author: Xpgames

*000*2022-03-04 13:41

I first started taking private lessons about 1.5 years ago to improve my German. I met my teacher through a former colleague of mine and decided to see how things would go. She’s in her late 20s, cute, speaks 7 languages and has a psychology background…. She’s an excellent teacher and very open minded from what I can tell. What I found interesting is that toward the end of each lesson, she’d ask 5 or 6 questions that would essentially lead me to form sentences based on what was just learned. Questions like “what is your favorite place to vacation! What’s your favorite movie? Where do you want to travel next?” 

At some point she asked “What’s your most embarrassing moment?” I most definitely turned red …. And replied “I have way too many!” She looked perplexed by this and said “How’s that possible?” … if I was not red before, I was right after that and said “I… I’ve accidentally peed my pants A LOT!” She grinned and basically just said “oh well whatever, accidents happen!” For me, this opened the door to share a ton of stories!!! And eventually, I started sharing some photos …. Always got the reaction…

At the start of this year, I basically told her my goal was to make her per her pants at some point…. There’s always a huge cup of tea at the start of the lesson and the no bathroom policy. Unfortunately she had a bladder of steel and has never shown any signs of desperation. I, on the other hand, have almost pissed my pants in every single lesson. In fact, last week, I made up an excuse to end the lesson early just so that I didn’t have an accident in front of her… basically I chickened out!

Today was different… I’ve prepared a presentation for an app that I need to pitch in German next week. My buddy is a developer and I’ve been working on the other aspects. Anyways, I really needed to get through the pitch deck and demo today. As added pressure, the chances of me chickening out were taken away by a locked bathroom and her basically holding the key…

$$

I drank a lot of tea today…. The presentation was going well and she had some great insight!!! The issue was that I was getting desperate, VERY desperate. We were 45 minutes in and I knew I would not make the last 15. Heck, I didn’t even make it the next 5!!!! The whole, “OMG I’m going to pee my pants right now” hit me and instinct kicked in as I started to pee my pants…. I ran for the key and subsequently the locked bathroom… of course I tried the handle first, but I was already peeing full force before I even got the key into the door!!! I was wet down to my ankles!! She obviously heard me struggle with the door and saying “oh fuck.,,, nooooo!!!” She even commented “that doesn’t sound so good”… so I took a couple pictures and thought about what to do next ….

$$

$$

Since she already knew what happened and has seen enough pictures, I decided to suck it up and head back to the other room where the presentation was still on… the damage was done and I think she was pretty shocked to actually see it in person…. BUT she still took the photo for me below. After, we finished the demo and she left without using the toilet…. Like I said, bladder of steel

$$

*002*2022-03-05 07:38

{{16 hours ago, wtv said:

I... uh... I sincerely hope this is a roleplay scenario.

}}

No, it happened. It was a calculated risk and no regrets. Also a great idea for role play

*005*2022-03-10 12:08

Today was my first lesson since peeing my pants…. It was planned for online today, but I was still curious to see how it would go. There was no direct mention of the incident, but she kind of grinned when asking how my actual presentation went (still waiting for actual appointment). Since the cleaning ladies were here today, I was not in my normal workspace and decided to just sit in bed for the lesson. We also discussed what my new jobs role will entail and congratulated me on getting an offer…. Prost! Well she held up a huge 1 liter cup of tea versus my normal 0.5 liter glass and we carried on. As the lesson was ending, she was asking a lot of questions as to how we want to move forward with the lessons and my desperation level was rapidly increasing. 

So much so that I shifted positions from sitting on the bed to kneeling on the floor next to the bed so that I could basically hold myself. I didn’t want to stop her and admit that I needed to urgently use the bathroom or I’d have another accident … so I answered the questions the best I could with a close eye on the clock. It was 11:57 and only needed to last for 3 more minutes …. By 11:58 I was peeing my pants…. I would say a solid 20-30 seconds before I could stop… by then, my tee shirt along with my sweatpants were wet along with a growing puddle on the floor. By noon, the lesson was over and I’m now doing laundry again…. Just sent her a WhatsApp to thank her for her time and mention how urgent it was yet again…. She will probably just respond with an emoji… tomorrow’s lesson will be in person and it will definitely not involve any wetting from my side

$$

