My Favorite experience

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2020-11-16 21:18

Hey, so I forgot my login details for ages and was so sad I couldn't post but I want to post often here from now on. ANYWAY this is literally one of my fav memories when it comes to omo stuff.

So for those who wanna know I am 19 and I'm slim with brown hair. I've also been having accidents for most of my life cuz for some reason I have a tiny bladder (I'm not complaining lol)

This was about 2 years ago so I was about 16/17 and in my first year of college. I woke up at 7 for college and had a pretty chill morning just being lazy and getting ready. I remember feeling like I had to pee a little when I was leaving my house but this is typical of me so I didn't really notice it. About halfway through the day I started to feel quite desperate but at this point I already knew I enjoyed holding it and was feeling daring so I decided to not go to the toilet at lunch. I did not, I repeat DID NOT, plan to pee myself at this point. I was just planning on enjoying the feeling for a bit.

By the end of the day I was enjoying myself a lot as my bladder was so tight and I had to fidget subtly in my last class. I was wearing my typical 'I'm unique' outfit which meant ripped jeans with fishnet tights underneath. And for those interested I'm pretty sure I was wearing my light grey underwear. I also had a plain long sleeve on underneath a short sleeve t-shirt so you know I was the real deal. Proper vibes xD. Anyway when the end of the day came I figured I had three options, go to the toilet now (lame), take the bus and get home within 15 minutes (not that lame), or walk home. After a day of holding, I was feeling pretty in the mood to be risky so I decided to walk it. I was sure I would get home without peeing but I remember the thought that I might actually have an accident (sorry to be blunt) really turned me on.

I set off walking and within 10 minutes I couldn't keep my hand away from my (what's the right word to use here?) crotch? Vag? Thiiigh Gap? At one point I had was walking next to this road and was just full on holding myself in front of people. I know it doesn't sound like much but at one point I remember having the first little urge to pee that you get when you are really desperate and I had to stop and hold myself tight and bend over. It was HeAvEn!! Unfortunately I made it to my front door without any problems. I was so f*cking desperate at this point though and the idea of being this close to the toilet made my need to pee sky rocket! I reached into my bag to find my keys but I was shaking so badly and I couldn't hold myself when I was searching for them. (My plan for when I got home was too change into some old pair of joggers and hold in the bathtub until it came out.)

A massive urge came over me when I was looking for the key and I realized that I wasn't going to make it through the urge without peeing. At this point I didn't want to wet myself on the front step of my house in my 'cool' clothes so I was trying my best not to let any out. I dropped my bag for a second and grabbed myself with both hands as the urge came over me. I'm pretty sure I leaked a little into my pants when this happened tho. I ended up finding my keys and unlocking the door in a blind hurry to get up to my room to change clothes. 

I got to my room and I was definitely leaking every couple of seconds at this point. I started to undo my jeans but I was shaking and so desperate that I was fumbling it. I didn't want to pee on the carpet on my floor so I ended up ditching the attempts to change and I legged it too the toilet. I got into the bathroom and was leaking pretty heavily when tried to lock the door (I ended up not locking the door cuz I was so desperate) I started to full-on pee before I even took my jeans off (let alone my fishnets). The hissing sound was really loud.

The best part about it was the moment before I had even unzipped my jeans or got into the bathtub where I was just stood there not knowing what to do as I peed full force into my clothes. After a couple of seconds I abandoned taking my jeans off and jumped into the tub. It felt so good!! Even writing about it again makes me giddy. I love the hopelessness of not being able to do anything about it when you're properly wetting yourself.

I do a lot of pre-planned holds and my stories like this are kinda rare as you can't plan real accidents. I have a couple but ill save them for the future ;). I plan on doing a hold soon tho if anyone is interested in joining it! (Sadly I don't think I'm brave enough to take videos or pictures yet tho if thats cool with yall)

Hope you enjoyed :p.

