First full-blown loss of control, and re-wetting after

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2021-06-05 19:09

So, I recently got a pair of what I'm pretty sure are female athletic shorts (I've never tried anything like this before but have always wanted to). Grey, not super tight, fairly short, and really fun to wet.

And yesterday was perfect for a hold. So, wearing these shorts and some blue boxer briefs underneath, I set some protection on my chair, drank a big soda and two big cups of green tea, and once I had to pee pretty badly, I went onto the Live Action Omo thread and asked for some challenges. No one came on, so when I really had to go, I sat with my legs spread and held my breath, which seems to put pressure on my bladder and make me leak. But this time it made me wet my shorts all the way. This was the first time I involuntarily wet all the way (though technically I forced it so it wasn't entirely involuntary but you know what I mean, I didn't make the usual motion with my holding muscles).

It was pretty fun, and I think it helped too that earlier that day I had held it for quite some time, though not to bursting point, and must have peed for almost a minute (into the toilet with my pants down that time).

After that I sat in my wet shorts and drank another soda, and later, an alcoholic beverage. I peed in my shorts six more times that night, and the last two times might've been less clear pee, as they were starting to smell a little. I didn't wash them when I showered and changed afterwards.

This morning I took my morning pee in those shorts again. I can only imagine how they'll smell next time I put them on to wet them. So far that's eight wettings in a row. I'll wet them in moderation for a while so as to not get potty untrained.

*002*2021-06-06 01:59

{{2 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Sounds like an excellent time! Do you have any pictures?

}}

No, although I did actually consider it even though I've never posted pictures of myself before. I hope you were still able to enjoy reading of this without them.

I still haven't washed them yet, and I plan to pee in them at least one more time, maybe more depending on how they smell. (I have an olfactophilia fetish too)

*004*2021-06-06 19:23

I wet them one more time last night, and then this morning when I got up, for a total of ten wettings before I showered in them and washed them.

