A Brand New Wet Obsession

Author: IneffableXXX

*000*2019-09-18 21:58

Bear with me, I'm new to actually expressing these feelings "outloud" and "in public". A little over a week ago, my roommate went out of town and I made a fetlife account for the first time. I felt this overwhelming desire to pee my pants and to post of pictures of it on the internet for others look at.

I've been into wetting since I was a small child, long before I understood it or before there was really a distinguishable sexual element attached to it. I would be absolutely compelled to pee my panties in different places around the house. At first it was difficult and I was nervous. I would only pee in them when I sat over the toilet and just peed through them. Then I became more adventurous. I would pee a little bit while sitting on the carpet, a tiny bit on the sofa. After a bath I would crouch over the heat register in a towel. 

I said it was for the heat and it was. But, that nice warm heat wafting over my private bits would make them tingle and swell. I'd feel a sharp sensation in my vagina...a desire. I didn't know what to do about it, except to pee...just a little bit so no one would know. Eventually, and I'm not even sure why, I stopped. I pretended that every time someone in a movie or TV show would pee their pants, my cunt wouldn't throb. I watched "squirting" videos because surely that wasn't as bad as wanting to watch others pee... I just couldn't accept it.

Fast forward to a week ago, I decided just to make a profile, pee a pair of panties and post a picture. I hadn't wet myself in years and years. The entire experience was incredible. My whole body felt alive with the desire for the release of my bladder. I felt disgusting, ashamed, empowered, beautiful, nasty....so many things.. The pee started slowly. I had to fight the urge not to clench and stop it. The first warm wave swept over my crotch as my panties dampened. My hand instinctively groped at my crotch, trying to stop the flow. The the warm pee spilled out between my fingers and showered down on to the floor. I was surprised at how loud it was...

Ever since, I feel like this monster has awakened in me. I just want to pee my panties all day everyday. It's kind of overwhelming how exciting and horny this has all made me. It's honestly distracting. I'm averaging an "accident" more than once a day and the laundry is just insane.

What have others experiences been when first accepting the fetish? Is it possible to become addicted to it? Will it subside to some degree?

*003*2019-09-19 17:01

{{15 hours ago, mr.pee said:

Very nice, I still feel alittle ashamed and even uncomfortable to do it around my girlfriend. But as long as your not hurting anyone and you enjoy it I don't see the harm.

}}

Thanks for responding! I haven't worked up the courage to tell anyone else. I'd love to but it's really hard. Thanks for sharing your personal experience and your encouragement

{{12 hours ago, Sabuto said:

It's amazing, especially just casually releasing and letting the pee trickle down your legs!

}}

I totally agree! Sometimes, I can't decide which I like more...being desperate and then exploding in a flood or just nonchalantly letting it leak out all day.

