First Public Pants Wetting

Author: Mariner62

*000*2019-05-20 01:10

While I had been frequently wetting at home, I didn't have any plans to wet in public.

It was Friday. I left for work in the morning with no plans for the evening, except to hold it all day at work, and then spend the evening at home enjoying the time wetting my pants. I left work with a very full bladder, anticipation for the evening building up. I hurried to my car, and found that I probably didn't have enough gas to make it home. There was a gas station on the way, so I stopped. As I stopped out of the car the cold air hit me. One small spurt of pee escaped into my pants, but I was able to stop it. As I put the nozzle into the car, another quick spurt. And now a car is pulling up behind me, I shoved my hand into my pocket so I could hold myself.

Also trying not to move around too much. Oh my god, another spurt, this time longer. I pushed down harder. Damn it, I can't hold it any longer, I'm wetting my pants, and I can't stop it. My hand still in my pocket, trying to stop or slow the flow of pee down. Nothing I could do, but just stand there and soak my pants while the car finished filling up. Stand there, hoping the person behind wasn't paying attention to the growing wet patch. Totally embarrassed, but at the same time excited by what had just happened.

The only thing left now, was to head home to the apartment in a pair of completely soaked jeans., and hope no one else was arriving or leaving at the same time.

