Planned Hold Unexpected Wetting

Author: SomewhatSoaked

*000*2022-06-20 19:43

I am back to share another experience after going through the list in my head.

This one started as a planned hold that was supposed to end in a discrete wetting, but as the title says, it did not end quite as planned.

I had two errands to run for the day and decided to wear a burgundy athletic t-shirt with black joggers that are fleece on the inside and more athletic material on the outside. I specifically planned the joggers because they are black and the athletic material combines to make them pretty much undetectable when wet.

In the early afternoon I started to drink some water casually and over the course of 2 hours or so I drank 2L of water. I know looking back that was a little aggressive on the consumption and luckily it did not cause any problems but I am definitely more careful now after this experience. My goal was to run my first errand which was a quick store pickup and then head to the grocery store for a quick list of a couple items. The idea was that I would make it all the way through the grocery store and, based on timing, I would end up wetting myself discreetly in the grocery store parking lot or make it home and barely get out of my car to wet myself before going in. Again, based on the title, it didn’t quite end up going to plan.

After finishing my 2L of water, I grabbed a bottle to sip on and headed out to my first errand. The trip there was not too eventful I had not felt much affect from the water yet. I got inside to get my pickup order and headed back out to my car. I think sometime on my way out I realized the water was already starting to hit me. That was ok with me as I wanted to push myself and really get desperate during this outing. Since I was already feeling it, I grabbed the trash bag I brought with me and laid it out on my seat. I was not fully prepared as I was expecting to wet somewhere outside of my car and did not bring any towels to absorb any wetting. The trash bag was just supposed to protect my seat from my wet pants after I let it go outside somewhere.

With my single layer of protection in place, I set off for the grocery store. When I started the drive this is when the bladder filling began to steadily rise at a quick rate. I was hanging in there, but the desperation was going to start increasing very rapidly during the drive. At the half way point there I had to start holding myself and was already getting frantic. I was getting a little worried at this point, but was determined to carry on and finish my plan. By the time I was pulling into the grocery store I was almost at my complete limit. I was going to have to modify my plan on the fly to make sure I escape without being caught and absolutely not make a mess anywhere inside or near anyone.

I sat in my parking spot for a moment to gain my composure and got out to go inside. Upon fully standing up, I felt a small leak escape. Fortunately I was able to stop it right away and after I got used to standing, I felt like I was back in control again. I headed towards the door and still kept my composure. My first stop was the pharmacy to pickup a prescription. Luckily there was only one person in line at the register so I figured I would be able to make it through this stop. 

As I stood waiting I did my best to look as composed as possible and not give away any signs of desperation. I think I did well with this and by the time it was my turn to step up to the counter, my lower half was hidden from view. When I went to talk I sounded a little strained but I think it was not enough to be too obvious. I took the opportunity to squirm and shift my weight while leaning on the counter. I finally received my prescription and turned to walk through the store to get my couple of items. As I turned I felt myself leak a little. It was enough to show a golf ball sized wet spot but only if you looked very closely and soon it faded into the joggers to where it was essentially not visible. Luckily my choice of pants were going to help me through this adventure.

I grabbed a basket to hide my front and give me some form of coverage and safety to get out as quickly as possible. I made a beeline for my first aisle and stopped to make my choice but this caused me to spurt, uh oh. I immediately picked up walking again to make a short lap and help get myself back in control. Stopping and standing was going to be a huge challenge I found out. On my lap I ended up at another aisle where I was able to almost do a grab and go while not having to stop. This helped give me confidence to circle back and grab the two additional items I needed which were near each other. 

On the walk there I almost started to overflow and lose control but I was able to battle back and regain control. I think I let out two to three leaks while walking but they were small and controlled enough to provide a microscopic amount of relief allowing me to carry on. I arrived at the second to last item and was able to grab it quick enough and keep moving so that I didn’t risk losing control. The final item was going to take about a minute to decide on so I knew it would be the hardest part. I got to the part of the aisle I needed and was doing my best to squirm and shift my weight discreetly enough to maintain control while not drawing attention to myself. I think I succeeded very well in that. I had to let out another leak to help get me through but, after that, I had everything I needed to head to the checkout.

It was definitely busier than I was expecting and I was hoping to hit a checkout with an actual person so I did not have to move too much but, to my dismay, the lines were far too long and the self checkout was much shorter. I pulled into the line for the self checkout and noticed a woman wearing scrubs was bagging her last item so that was going to be the checker that I would use. In my head I frantically begged her to hurry up and get the heck out of there. She luckily made a quick payment and was on her way. Now for the final challenge of the hold, scan, bag, and pay.

I positioned my basket such that it obstructed some of the view of my lower half so that I could focus on getting my items scanned and bagged without worrying if a few leaks happened. There were a lineup of people for the self checkouts so I knew they would be able to casually see me going through this process. With that in mind I tried my best not to be too frantic or squirmy but that proved to be extremely difficult. I sacrificed a few big spurts in exchange for drawing less attention to myself. I think I still made it though the spurts without anyone noticing as my black pants were still keeping the wetness unnoticeable. When I finished scanning and bagging, I was wet to about my knees so no mess was made and I felt like this amount of leakage gave me enough control to pay and head for the exit. I felt the most in control since entering the store and thought I bought myself enough time to get to my car and discreetly unload the torrent of pee which was begging to come out.

I parked towards the back hoping to be away from any people, but with the crowd on this day, I was not comfortable enough with wetting myself there in the parking lot. I still felt in control so I thought I would maybe just be able to get home quick enough and finish soaking myself after pulling in. With that new goal in mind, I quickly loaded my groceries and hopped in my car. I still had my trash bag on my seat so I felt comfortable enough that I wouldn’t be transferring any current wetness to my seat.

I made my way through the same neighborhood from “My Most Recent Accident” and was still ok and felt in control. I came up to an unprotected left turn and there was a person in front of me waiting to turn left as the traffic from the other direction allowed. As I pulled up behind him to stop, I felt the strongest most overwhelming wave of desperation so far. It was too strong to resist, so a torrent began flooding out of me and I tried to lift off of my seat a little bit to prevent as much damage as possible. I felt an overwhelming sensation of relief and panic that I was finally able to unleash the pent up ocean in my bladder, but also the extreme fear of soaking my car seat. 

I got enough relief after about 7 seconds of full force release followed by another 3 or 4 seconds before I was able to regain control, fighting with all my might. I felt a puddle between my legs and, amidst this soaking, I had to execute my left turn while hoping I didn’t spill too much over the front of the seat onto the floor. I felt a little bit spill over but the rest of the puddle soaked back into my pants. I felt like that was the best case scenario and I may be able to make it out without too much damage.

My adrenaline was now pumping after the rush from relief, so I was able to make the rest of the journey home while maintaining my control. The torrent that flowed out of me definitely let off a lot of pressure so I was feeling much more comfortable, and soaked. I pulled in and decided to finish my plan of letting the rest out before grabbing my groceries and heading inside. I got out and crouched down behind my car and relaxed to let the rest of my pee flow while allowing the relief to wash over me.

Based on the position of wetting, I got wet up the front and back of my shirt to around navel level. With my shirt color, this was definitely noticeable but with my pants hiding the wetness it would most likely not look like I had peed myself. I figured I could hurry inside to safety with no problem. Now that I was empty, relieved, and thoroughly soaked, I grabbed everything out of my car and headed inside. Upon inspecting the damage, there were only two damp spots on my seat around baseball sized and a damp patch on the floor in front of my seat around football size. In the days following these went away and did not cause any smell or adverse damage fortunately.

This was an extremely thrilling experience, probably my most thrilling to date, and I hope I was able to convey just how it felt. I would definitely like to chase this type of experience sometime again in the future and all of the feelings that came with it. In closing I would also like to reiterate that my plan was to discreetly wet myself outside and away from people. If at any point that I was in the store and felt that I was losing control fully, I was going to get to the bathroom which was close to the area I was shopping. I know my limit and abilities so fortunately I made out of this experience without being caught or making a mess. Black athletic pants are definitely a great wetting choice!

I hope that everyone who decided to embark on the recounting of this tale with me enjoyed it and if you have any feedback I would like to hear it! I’ll start thinking about the next experience I can write up if anyone would like to hear another.

*003*2022-06-20 22:08

{{1 hour ago, Canarashi said:

Absolutely thrilling. Im a huge enjoyer of any type of public desp and wetting (especially self imposed), that was enjoyable to read! Feeling inspired to do something similar now, its been awhile.

Thanks

}}

I’m glad you enjoyed it! I would definitely recommend giving it try, it’s a major thrill. I also really like your picture, Bateman!

{{1 hour ago, SilverSnake said:

This was so good! Love the leak in traffic, so thrilling to know it was involuntary!

}}

Thank you! Yes it was an absolutely insane thrill. All of the wetting parts were definitely involuntary! I’m fortunate enough that if I’m mentally prepared my body will let me have a real accident. Most times I don’t want to have one, then I’m able to hold it.

