First Time Diaper Update

Author: FutaFan

*000*2022-08-07 23:00

Wow! The first time in diapers went well, I can't believe I hadn't tried it sooner. I wore them under the cute pj shorts I like to wear and a big t-shirt. I was surprised by how comfy they felt. I was so desperate the entire day, I hadn't gone to the bathroom since last night and when I finally lost control it was about 5:30 p.m. today. I drank a lot of apple juice and water, and my bladder was in pain. I started to wiggle a bunch sitting at my desk while I was playing games and watching porn. I let myself leak a little a couple times. It got to the point where it was too painful to hold anymore.

But I was worried that I drank too much and the diaper would leak, so I ran to the bathroom, and as soon as I shut the door it all came out. I peed for a while in my diaper before it started to leak out and run down my legs onto the floor. It felt amazing feeling the warmth and the diaper filling up as it absorbed as much as it could. I put my hand in my diaper and felt that there was some piss pooling up inside. I felt the stream against my fingers. Then I started rubbing my clit while still pissing.

After pleasuring myself for a while, I went to the toilet and squeezed some of the pee out. Then I sat back down in my chair where I am now in the wet diaper. It feels really good on my butt right now. I think I'll see if I can rewet it a little. I'll definitely be using diapers again in the future

*005*2022-08-09 05:03

{{7 hours ago, Wettishfettish said:

How long did you end up staying in your dirty diaper?

}}

I stayed in it for a a couple hours I believe. I wet a little more while I was sitting, and then when I went to the bathroom to change it it actually broke... Definitely won't do that much next time hehe

