Almost Wet Myself in the Car

Author: NaughtyGirlNix

*000*2021-05-04 12:01

I recently attended a birthday party of a family member. It was at a restaurant that was about a 45 minute drive from our house.

I was wearing black skinny jeans, heels and a strappy top.

The birthday party was quite relaxed and the restaurant kept the drinks flowing. They had a special on gin, and it was buy one, get one free.

I spent the evening drinking double gin and dry lemon, and probably had about 6 of them in the space of 4 hours. My bladder is very small, and if I'm drinking then I usually need to go every 30 minutes or so.

We left the restaurant at about 10pm and I made sure to go to the toilet before we left as I knew it was a long drive back. I was confident that I'd make it home, as I hadn't had as much to drink as I usually did and I was just slightly tipsy.

After driving for about 20 minutes, I felt the urges start. I made a comment to my partner that I needed to go, and he said I had to hold it because there was nowhere to stop, and he reassured me that we'd be home soon. After another 10 minutes, I was dying to go. I had my hand buried between my legs and I was wiggling around. I was ready to stop and let go on the side of the road, which I would have done but the area we were driving through wasn't safe to stop.

We got about 10 minutes away from home, and I had to unbutton my jeans and I had my hand shoved inside my panties, pressing against my pee hole to try to keep it in. I felt a few drops come out and started panicking and told my partner that I was on the verge of wetting myself. We were still in an unsafe area, so stopping wasn't an option. I wanted nothing more than to just let go, but my partner told me not to ruin his seats and was telling me that I just had to hold it in.

We were around the corner from our house, and by now I had my pants completely down and my hand was inside my panties trying to stop the pee from coming out. It came out in spurts and I tried my best to use my panties to soak it up and prevent it from wetting the seat.

We eventually got home, and the minute I got out the car, I ran to the front door dancing while I waited for my partner to unlock. I raced to the toilet and by now I was steadily leaking into my panties. I was already peeing as I pulled everything down and sat down on the toilet. The relief was amazing.

I often get desperate after a night out drinking, but that's the closest I've come to wetting myself in the car!

