Cleaning my car

Author: JMatthews1995

*000*2016-08-20 14:22

Hi Guys :) I thought I would share with you some fun I had the other day :D

I got home from work and was needing to pee quite badly. I quickly changed from my works clothes into my scruffy clothes which were black tracksuit bottoms, an old t-shirt, and a pair of old worn out converse.

I was in a very risky excited mood and I wanted to wet properly! So I decided to wash the car. It usually takes me like 2 hours to do it properly and I knew there was no way I could hold 2 hours as I was very full from holding at work for like 6 hours.

As I was washing I was really struggling to hold my pee in. It was actually making my bladder ache quite a bit and I kept feeling it trying to release but I kept fighting it. I struggled on for ages just not wanting to wet just yet.

In the end I gave up. I hurried round the back of the house and just burst instantly. The relief was really nice and I could feel it just spraying out of my penis onto the inside of my tracksuit and the warmth of it going down my legs into my old converse. I then didn't know just quite what to do :/ My drive way is pretty hidden from neighbors but I didn't want to risk going straight into the open again. I decided to sit on a sun lounger in the back garden first.

I was there playing on my phone in the sun for about an hour just letting my wet tracksuit dry enough not to be seen and then I carried on washing the car. Luckily I didn't end up leaving any soap all over it and only had to do the drying and some spray wax after.

I really enjoyed the feeling of wearing damp trackies and wet converse though as I finished cleaning off the car :D I can feel my self getting more and more adventurous now that I have started risking more fun wettings!

Joe

