Wetting at the Park (Contains pooping)

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-05-27 02:47

This occurred in the first grade, back in 2004. My class had gone on, I guess you could call it a field trip of sorts, to a local park, and zoo, Happy Hollow. I was dressed in my school's uniform of a polo, this time was the green one, a tank-top undershirt, and rounded out with the khaki shorts that you could wear in place of the slacks. However, the only thing not part of the curriculum uniform I wore was the Huggies Pull-Ups beneath the shorts.

I followed my class through a tour of the zoo part, munching on a pack of crackers and drinking a juice box we were provided with. It was around the time we neared our first snack break, right around 10 AM, when recess would begin, that I felt a pressure begin building up in my bladder and bowels. Even though I felt a few droplets leak into my PullUp, and my guts were gurgling a storm, I didn't want to miss out on seeing the animals, so I ignored it.

It was during snack time, when I was eating the Taco Bell quesedilla and apple juice my mom, that my bladder and bowels came surging back into full force. Squeezing my buttcheeks and legs together, I squirmed a bit, thankful we were then allowed to play in the play area of Happy Hollow. It had some fake animal paw prints in the ground, and a few trees. It was here that I began to squirm a bit more, and felt some poop start to turtle out. I didn't know where the bathrooms were, and even if I did, I didn't think I'd make it to them in time. 

Making sure no one was looking, I ducked behind the furthest tree, which was right next to a bush, and hastily yanked my PullUp and pants down enough so I could poop, and let go. Unfortunately, as I did my dooty, my bladder released, as as my PullUp was still covering my crotch, quickly soaked it. I didn't care at that point. As I finished up, I yanked my damp PullUp up, alongside my shorts. Washing my hands in the bathroom, which I found after the fact had actually been within walking distance, I continued with the tour.

*002*2018-05-27 03:07

{{Just now, AudreyLovesPee said:

Wow. THAt must have been a close call

}}

Oh it was

*004*2018-05-27 06:57

{{Just now, blasseroz said:

Letting go behind a tree reminds me of the tennis courts' fence at my primary school. It was high enough to stop stray balls from going over it, but was made from pine-forest off-cuts (cheap and in plentiful supply), and you couldn't see through it. Abutting the fence was a toilet block next to the courts which was never closed, but on the other side (not a throughway) were lots of human turds. We lived next to the school, and I always wondered who did their business there, rather than use an available toilet within stepping distance.

}}

Huh, interesting

