Coach/Concert desperation

Author: scissors

*000*2021-03-16 17:18

Hey all :) thanks to some of the stories people that have shared about buses recently that reminded me of this, and I might have got some of the exact times wrong, but this is basically what happened, enjoy :D

So this happened back in late 2019. I was going to go see one of my favourite bands on tour in London. My city is roughly 3 hours on a coach from London - so that's how I planned to get there. I had my coach ticket ready and was headed to the bus station, but I ended up talking to a homeless guy for a bit and ended up missing it. The next coach would be at 2:30 pm and I could get that and still make it to London on time.

I had an hour to kill, so I decided to hang around my city for about 30 minutes and eventually went to the store and buy some drinks and snacks. They had a deal on: 3 drinks for the price of 2! So I bought myself a bottle of Pepsi Max, Iced Tea, and Mountain Dew. This would prove to be a great idea for my taste buds and a terrible idea for my bladder. At around 2 o' clock, when I was waiting for my coach to arrive at the station, that I started drinking the Pepsi. I wasn't trying to do a hold, and usually my bladder is pretty good anyways, so I didn't really think much of it. Besides, most of these coaches had toilets in them, although I personally hated using them. My coach left with me on it at 2:30, and I continued to drink my Pepsi, which I finished pretty quickly.

I was sat there, enjoying my coach ride, listening to the band I'm about to see on my phone, and going through a bottle of Iced tea like it was nothing. My bladder must be made of iron or something, because the thought hadn't even crossed my mind at this point, but sure enough it would catch up to me later. This was winter, so it got dark pretty quickly. It was about 4:30, when I was drinking my Mountain Dew, that I thought to myself "huh, maybe I kind of have to pee", but I didn't really think much of it and finished off the Mountain Dew. It was at this point I realised that the coach was in a really weird place.

For some reason, we had driven down a narrow country lane. There were cars in front and behind us, and we were moving very slowly. "I have to pee", I thought to myself - but I wasn't desperate and I was willing to wait until I could use the toilets at the coach station - we were meant to arrive at 5:30. It became kind of apparent that wasn't gonna happen. For some reason, the driver had taken a detour though some tiny village between my city and London, and managed to get caught in traffic. I don't know, maybe there was a road accident and they diverted us through here? Either way we were there for about an hour. Besides the fact that I had to pee, however, I was doing fine.

It was around 6 when we finally started driving through London. I really needed a wee. I was constantly checking my phone to see how close we were to the station, and looking out the window and seeing how traffic was moving, thinking to myself "come on, come on, come on." I still really didn't want to use the coach toilet, as I was supposed to arrive at the coach station in half an hour.

I was contempt with rocking back and forth in my chair and clenching my fists. Then I realised something - now we were late, I was essentially going to have to run to the venue as soon as I left the coach because the band started at 7:15, and I would be like 40 minutes away. I didn't have time to pee at the station! At this point I was actually getting desperate, and was looking at the toilet longingly. I thought, "fuck it, I'm dying to pee", and headed into the toilet, to find that the seat was covered in someone's piss. I could have gone earlier before someone pissed all over the seat, but I didn't. This was infuriating enough for me to just hold it.

So we arrive at the station and I immediately start power walking through central London. I was cold, scared to be in London on my own, late for a gig, and desperate for a pee, so I walked very fast. It wasn't a fun walk for all of those reasons. Thankfully I managed to get to the venue at 7-ish! I was really bursting at this point but I realised that if I didn't buy a shirt before the gig, I probably wouldn't be able to afterwards, so I queued up and bought one, put it on over the shirt I was wearing and bolted to the loos.

The band was going to start in 5-10 minutes, but I had put this pee off for long enough. I had to wait in line to use a toilet even more disgusting than the one on the coach. I was doing my absolute best to maintain composure. I just so desperate to piss at this point. At last, it was my turn to pee. I got inside that stall quicker than lightning as soon as it opened, slammed shut the door and locked it. Luckily this seat wasn't covered in piss, so I just got to pull down my pants, sit down, and let go. It felt amazing. I let our a little sigh as I peed.

Then I went and saw the band play and had a great time

