I think she wants me to pee my pants now...

Author: Joeybear1999

*000*2016-11-24 07:31

Alright, so I don't want to go into too much detail (sorry), as it's really late and I want to get to bed, but long story short...a good friend of mine who I may or may not be attracted to, had a little accident on a drop tower we went on at the fair a few months ago.

She had made it very apparent that she needed to go before we got on, but she was eager to try it out. She ended up getting too scared, and I mean, horrified, as we were falling down, and I guess she just subconsciously let loose. She was really embarrassed at the time, and had her mom come and pick her up after I walked with her to the bathroom, which she didn't come out of until her mom arrived.

So cue a few weeks later, I'm over at her house, we're playing CoD, and I mention I'm getting up to go pee. She then says something in response that sparks my interest. "Um, no you're not mister. You owe me one for the ride. BOO!" I suppose it was her attempt at startling me...I laughed and went pee and we carried on as usual. But when I got home that night and for the past couple of days she's been texting me, asking when I was going to have my "accident". I always respond with something cheeky, like, "Maybe next time the fair comes around I'll be the pussy that wets themselves on a little bounce ride.", which is all in good fun, of course. 

But now she's really weird about asking me what I've drank and when I last went pee, how long I think I can hold it, what I thought about her wetting herself, etc. It sounds like she has a fetish, but maybe she's just really open and genuinely wants to "get me back"? I don't know. I'm thinking about planning a little "accident" next time I stay over at her house...but I don't know how to make it seem genuine. Basically I just wanted to share this whole experience with you guys, and I would LOVE to hear suggestions on how I could manage pulling off a wetting without seeming like I'm deliberately trying to turn her on or gross her out or something. Thanks!

