High school desperation

Author: Legscrossed

*000*2020-02-03 13:59

This is a desperation experience from when i was a senior in high school.

During the last lesson of the day i got increasingly desperate for a pee. I was too shy to ask permission to go to the toilets. What if the teacher denied?

When the bell rang, i hurried to the toilets, and found them closed and locked for the day. I went to the upstairs toilet and found them also closed. I squeezed myself quickly, so no one would see and hurried home. I lived a 20 minute walk from school, but that day I walked as fast as i could. I tried running, but my bladder was too full.

I had to go so bad I looked around for a secluded corner to piss in, but i was walking on a residential street.

About halfway home, as i was walking along a cement wall, i wished i could piss against the wall. Just the thougnt made me double over and hold myself. I started to panic. What if i peed my pants? But I couldn't relieve myself here, someone would see!

I walked the rest of the way slowly. I had to stop along the way several times to stand with my legs crossed and bounce around.

When i finally got home, i ran to the toilet. I started to piss full force before i could aim myself, so i got part of it on the floor.

*006*2020-03-06 11:47

{{On 2/25/2020 at 9:17 PM, Keita123 said:

I certainly had my own share of desperation in high school. One particularly memorable one was when I had my biology exam, where I was absolutely bursting to go to the point that I was dribbling into my real briefs and light blue trousers, forming a growing wet patch little by little.

If it weren't for the toilet being right beside the class, I really might have not made it. Peed the longest, most pleasant pee I've ever hard.

Got back with a pretty noticeable wet patch though. Thank God no one seemed to notice or mind. Hid it with my hands.

}}

Were you leaking on your way to the toilet? Or was the wet spot from during the exam?

*008*2020-03-06 13:16

{{25 minutes ago, Keita123 said:

From the exam, mostly, though some did come out a little while I tried to pull out my hose in front of the urinal.

}}

That happened to sometimes

