First swimsuit peeing

Author: omobecca

*000*2018-01-14 17:55

Well probably not my first. I'm certain I peed in my swimsuit when I was a child. Who didn't. Right?

But here's the story of the first time I peed in my swimsuit after I realised I liked all this; so on purpose.

I should say now, I don't really do swimming. Or any sports for that matter. Unless I have to/had to in school. So, about a year after my last story took place, making me somewhere between late 13 - early 15 (in that gap somewhere) and in year 9, my friends thought it would be a good idea to start making an effort and 'start to look fitter'. Yay...

Turns out swimming was the choice we, most of us, agreed on. I remember being apprehensive as the last time I went swimming was on a holiday with my parents before I started secondary school, so about 2 years before this event. I wasn't even a teenager then. I was a kid. I had to go and buy a new swimsuit for this shit. But I agreed.

We had planned to go at the end of the same week we had the discussion. It was sometime around midday on the Saturday. I had the rest of the week to go and buy myself a new swimsuit. So one afternoon after school I went into town instead of going home. I texted my mum to let her know, and asked if she'd pick me up once I'm done. I knew I'd be a while as I hadn't bought swimwear in years. What colour did I want? Or look good in? Pfft probably none I remember thinking. One piece or bikini? Definitely one piece. 100% not comfortable with my body for the bikini. But I suppose that was the point we were doing this. I specifically remember not enjoying the whole experience. Firstly getting fitter, secondly admitting I needed to get fitter.

I ended up getting myself a black Speedo one piece with pink lines/patches going down the sides with pink bits on the shoulder straps. I thought it was quite cute, and you can't go wrong with black. I still have it now hidden away, purely for... peeing purposes. Shh.

Now if you've read my first story and after I realised peeing and wetting myself was a new and strange but exciting thing to do, and sometimes when going home from school I'd purposefully hold and relax go just to feel the damp spot. No one was to ever know but myself. Well, it had been some time since school finished and I'd spent quite a while in town. Being in such a public place automatically prevented me from trying such peeing.. anything, so whilst waiting for my Mum to come and get me I made my way to the closest toilets, which were in McDonalds. Lovely, I know.

I remember doing nothing out the ordinary. Also I should say when using public toilets, which are disgusting and horrible and pubey, I always put down toilet paper on the seat as hovering's no fun. So I did that. And you know, peeing on the toilet time is also thinking time. I rummaged through my bag and had another look at the swimsuit. Whether it was the act of peeing at the time, or the semi-dormant pee fetish inside of me, I started thinking what it would be like wet. Obviously swimsuits are designed to get wet, but to pee in it. What would it feel like? Like, it was black and as with tights and leggings it can be difficult to spot wet patches on them if you're not looking for it. See I was learning from my experiences - this is all for science.

I was already peeing and changing into it now would be totally impractical as how do your explain to your Mum, or anyone for that matter, that you've just bought a swimsuit and put it on straight away without going swimming? What i did do however, is instead of using toilet paper to wipe, I used the crotch of the swimswuit. The material was nice and smooth, and new. Almost silky but with that nice swimsuit material. Even the inside of it was a silkier than the outside. I pushed and dribbled a bit over the crotch of it as I held it against my crotch.

I felt the warmth of the pee soak a piece of it and against my fingers. I remember it being quite a moment. I inspected the swimsuit by holding it by the shoulder straps in front of me. Nope, you couldn't tell. Even up close, it was hard to tell the crotch was now a bit wet, other than how it shined in certain light when moving it around. I remember feeling quite, well horny, there's no other word for it. I pulled my underwear, tights, and skirt back up and left the toilets. It wasn't long before my Mum showed up and I explained what mine and my friends' plan was for this whole swimming thing. She thought it as a brilliant idea...

Until she asked to see the swimsuit I bought. Shit. She was driving at the same time she asked so I took advantage of her not being able to hold it. This was the closest, so far, she'd ever come to intruding on my weird peeing life. Even when I'd had my initial accident/fully purposeful wetting in the front garden waiting for her, I'd always managed to get away with her not noticing, or I suppose questioning me, about my dampened underwear or tights or whatever after school some days. Although I never gave her my washing straight away so I always hoped they had dried.

I ended up showing her the top of the swimsuit and folding it to show the pink bits on the side. I got away with it, but not so much that I had nearly spiraled into a panic attack for her nearly noticing the still damp patch in the crotch.

We got home, it was washed, she never noticed. The end.

Until the weekend.

I remember feeling excited on the days building to the swimming. I knew I was definitely going to pee in the new swimsuit. But as of yet I didn't know where, or how, or when, or how many times.

I remember clearly standing min my bedroom wearing just the swimsuit. Up until now, wearing any clothes hadn't been... anything. I suppose sensual is the word I'm looking for. I remember feeling up and down the material; how it felt round my body, over my chest (yes boobs), my ass and of course my crotch. The difference it would make wearing it wet, even just from pool water, started to feel like an exciting concept. What was I becoming?

I put on some fleece lined joggers and a t-shirt and hoodie over the top of it and I was dropped off the the pool. During the car journey there, I was sooo fucking desperate to leak in it. But my joggers were a light grey and I knew any wet spot would give me away. I wasn't desperate to pee, but I had been holding for a while so you know, I could have. Any idea of being here for 'exercise' was out of the window and all I wanted to do was pee in as many different places. I could go over the toilet? In the water? In the slide? In the shower? Changing room? Sitting poolside? I was, well, throbbing slightly. I kept tensing downstairs to cater for everything that I was feeling.

Skip forward to my friends being there and all getting into the shower before the pool. The requirements were everyone had to shower before getting in. It was during this a Mum was with her young boy also in the shower bit. I remember the next bit as clear as day.

The boy said, "Mum I need to wee"

My ears caught this phrase like a dog jumping at the word 'Walk' or 'Food'.

"Just go" the Mum told her son.

Straight away the little boy looked down and, as he was told, started peeing. It was obvious. There was a yellow tainted stream coming from his shorts. I mean yes he was under a shower but you could tell. I was mesmerised. I stared for a few seconds before I realised I actually was staring and pulled my gaze away but looked out of the corner of my eye. He shook his whole body as he finished and his Mum guided him towards the pool. I couldn't handle it.

I tapped my friend and told her I need to pee and I'll be back. I remember asking me if I was serious. I don't know if she expected me to go in the shower or pool, or if she did, but I needed time to myself.

I excluded myself to the girls toilets and hid behind the door of a cubicle. I felt like I was coming over in a hot flush. I sat on the toilet and felt my crotch. Obviously I was wet from the shower. I had completely forgot my rule of toilet paper on the toilet seat, but toilet paper and wet body wouldn't have worked anyway. I peed straight through the swimsuit. I leaned back at first taking deep breaths but I looked down to inspect what was happening. There was a shine over the material where the pee was drenching through.

It was covering the material, and like a wave hitting the beach then crawling up the sand, I felt the new warm, wet patch move its way down and round my backside. The whole experience was exhilarating. Funny that the only protection I had was the small plastic door between me and whoever was in the toilet outside, and if anyone considered looking under the door would have heard me peeing but seen no swimsuit at my feet. But I felt sort of safe and away from everything in my little bubble of pleasure.

Aaaaand this was it. The first time I'd ever masturbated outside of my own home. In public. Like a weird, dirty pervert, I suppose. But shit, I didn't care. I was in the moment. I clenched the soaking material over my chest with one hand and had one hand cupping my vagina as the pee still came out. I moved my hand up and down and then moved to my middle finger, pushing slightly inwards through the material, feeling the pee separate ad spurt outwards slightly. As I gently rubbed with the finger and, probably because I was peeing, felt the spark almost instantly and everything down there pulsated. I had to prevent myself from making a loud inhale, squealing sound. That was quick. I sat there in my pissy swimsuit a little bit out of breath and had the post masturbation dirty peeing feeling of 'what the fuck am I doing?'.

I drenched my face in cold water from the taps to try and cool down my red hot cheeks, and to compose myself. I had a quick inspection and realised there was no evidence I had peed. I'm at a swimming pool. Everyone is wet. I rejoined my friends who were now in the pool. Also, having 'done the deed', any desire to pee again for fun had gone. I had suitable catered for that need. The end.

Until the changing rooms when we finished.

Behind another closed door again I had time to remind myself of all that happened. By this point I was quite tired from the laps my friends insisted we do. I don't get exercise, it's tiring goddamnit.

As I dried myself with the towel, I noticed my cubicle had a drain smack back in the centre of the floor. I had a light bulb moment. I knew what it felt like to pee in a wet swimsuit. What if I dried it now the best i could then sit and pee in the drain. Would anyone hear? Would anyone notice? Was this riskier than the what I did in the toilet earlier? All of these things rushed through my mind but at the same time I was frantically trying to dry myself. The decision had already been made. I even took the whole thing off, rinsed it, dried my bare skin, and put it back on again.

Once it was as dry as I\m sure I'd get it, I at first squatted over the drain but the position felt unnatural. I was hesitant at first but I went on all fours to look under the tall door and walls. I saw feet but no one being weird and looking this far down. I quickly sat crossed legged over the drain and relaxed. Nothing. I pushed and felt something inside me move; maybe a bladder spasm. I pushed down on my stomach near my bladder to force some out. After some time of trying it was there. I held it for a while, feeling the delight of being on the edge of peeing. I squirmed and fidgeted then relaxed a bit. 

Again, as before, the front of the crotch glowed in the light as the wave of pee covered the material. I clenched again and rubbed my fingers over the re-dampened material. I let go again. Then clenched. I was cautious as I didn't want anyone to hear the torrent of pee hitting the water in the drain. I heard a few drips myself of the material becoming saturated and letting go what it could. I had pushed and held so much that I needed to now release. So I did. The rest of the pee came out and caused like a pressured layer of pee over the swimsuit. I felt my ass get warm again and looekd around to make sure it wasn't flowing outwards as well as just down into the drain. I was safe for the most part.

When I finished I sat for a while. The more I remember this experience, the more I realise I was sat on a disgusting, public pool floor where anyone could have stepped or even peed themselves. I felt a bit ew, but I could feel I was sat in a puddle of my own pee. So for the time being it was my ew and I could deal with that. No extra fun this time though.

I dried myself off, changed into normal underwear and what I wore to the pool, went home, had it all washed, nothing was thought of it, peed in it every time I wore it. The end. The real end.

Becca x

