Plane desperation tomorrow

Author: kochel428

*000*2019-06-17 02:57

I’m taking a short-ish flight tomorrow night and thinking of boarding the plane with a full bladder. The point isn’t necessarily to have an accident on the plane, but to have one on the way home from the airport. I want to do a long, slow hold leading up to the flight, hopefully getting to the point of desperation by the time I deplane. Then I’ll drink a bunch of water for the 1 hour bus/train ride home. I’ll let you know how it goes!

*003*2019-06-17 18:59

I’m going to start my hold 6 hours before scheduled landing (1 hour from now). Gonna drink a glass of water at the start but then not really drink a lot after that—maybe a small bottle of water on the flight and a beer before. Wish me luck!

*004*2019-06-17 20:05

Lol my mom is making an early dinner for before I go, and she just asked me to put some asparagus in the oven. Better hope I can hold it cause the whole plane will smell it if I don’t...

*007*2019-06-18 03:32

I’m hanging out in the live omorashi thread right now if you want live updates.

*008*2019-06-29 22:51

Having a plane desperation sequel tonight. I’m traveling with my girlfriend who has agreed to make me have an accident today. About to catch a flight, not sure if I’ll have time to pee before boarding...

*010*2019-07-08 18:24

It was amazing! Delayed flight + more drinking + the seatbelt sign was on literally the entire flight. I was already desperate when I got on, leaking by the time we were making our descent. Then I had an accident while deplaning and running for the bathroom! I got to the bathroom and felt it seeping out of me as I was trying to undo my pants. I was lucky enough to be wearing pants that don't really show wetness until they get completely soaked, so aside from a few little droplet marks down my legs I don't think anyone could tell.

We had an overnight layover because of all the delay nonsense, so when we got to the hotel, as I was still hopping around desperate, my gf gave me a handjob before I was allowed to pee.

To top it off, the next day when I got home I went for another round of desperation, had several uncontrollable accidents, then woke up peeing the bed multiple times during the night. The first time I just let myself keep going when I woke up. Drowsed off for a while and woke up leaking again, so I just emptied my bladder. I drank another glass of water and moved over to the dry side of the bed, but awoke peeing again. It was pretty intense.

*013*2019-07-21 01:37

{{11 hours ago, Helena said:

I’m glad that your gf is so supportive!

It’s daring from her to let you have an accident at a public place like an airport. What does she say about that you also wet your bed? How often do you play together, and how often are you allowed to play solo (with her knowing or notice)?

My husband is understanding, But I usually don’t tell him in advance. A wet bed can occur once every two month or so, and wet pants every other week, mybe. I don’t want to try his patience to much.

}}

She’s been very accepting and even encouraging of everything. The one thing is after this last massive bedwetting incident she chided me for not having any protection on the bed, since this is the mattress we’re going to be using in the guest bedroom, now that we’ve moved in together.

Once I said something to the effect of “this is not an every day thing for me” and she said, “it can be if that’s what you want.” She’s... incredible.

We don’t play omo together a ton, most of our sex is a more traditional Dom/sub thing, with me as Dom. But when we do play... oh my goodness. Check out my posting history for some detailed examples.

More often, it’s just me playing by myself, often with her knowledge, although not always. Also she’ll often give me an assignment or set of rules for while she’s at work or away. The biggest example of this is when she went out of town for a weekend and forbade me from using the toilet the entire time she was gone, while also having to drink a set amount every hour. I made all my toilet (both kinds) in my pants for the whole weekend, getting weak and leaky to the point that I wet the bed on that Sunday night, and then she ended up having to extend her trip by another day, which meant I used my pants all the way from Saturday morning until Tuesday night. I wouldn’t want to do that all the time, but man it was amazing that time.

