My most intense hold yet!

Author: KrisAbyss

*000*2019-05-08 10:06

Usually when I hold I do so with my husband, and I'll talk about it in the discord chat but they don't get to see all the fun details. Well, my husband is out of town and encouraged me to have some fun while he's gone, so... I did something I've been meaning to do for a while. I followed a suggestion I saw in a different thread and I waited until I had a noticable urge before I started drinking. Then I downed about 2L of water, and waited. And waited. Took about 4 hours, because I'm slow to fill. But soon enough I was bouncing around, holding myself, and telling everyone in the discord chat about it. It was BAD. I've never had to pee that badly before! I felt like there was a basketball in my bladder, and with the challenges they were giving me (laying on my bladder, standing up, washing my hands, pouring water into a cup) I was SUPER desperate. I was leaking a decent amount through all those challenges.

FINALLY, they let me go. But I had to get some different relief first... and let me tell you, when I finished, it was WET. I leaked so bad when I came that I felt it almost puddle under me... I'm so glad I had the foresight to put a towel down or my bed would be wet. I immediately rushed to the shower (thankfully only a few steps away, my bedroom is weird) and peed through my panties. I've never wet like that before. It soaked into my panties and dripped down my legs... and the relief felt so good. I was peeing pretty slowly but constantly for like, 2 or 3 minutes. It was insane. I had to go so badly that it hurt.

I took some pictures to post, to commemorate my first real(?) wetting. I didn't totally lose control, I did let go, but I'm not sure I'm capable of fully wetting without being in unpleasant amounts of pain. This was really intense.. too intense to want to repeat very often. But I really enjoyed it and I probably will be trying this again when I want to push myself.

I don't usually take pictures so I hope they came out okay! I was a little braindead coming down from everything

Spoiler

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2019-05-08 17:07

{{2 hours ago, ItsKayla said:

Good that you enjoyed the hold. But WOW. Your bladder is HUGE. 4 hours to fill up after drinking that amount is really insane. Wish I had your bladder hehe

}}

I don't! It is cool to be able to hold so much, and it's convenient in real life situations, but it means that if I want to get desperate like this I have to be very patient and down a LOT of water. Some days I just don't have the time.

