Absolutely bursting to go but bathroom was locked! (Photos)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-08-21 13:17

I had been so busy working from home answering emails, on the phone etc whilst drinking bottles of water. I was getting more and more desperate to pee when finally I rush upstairs to the toilet...only to find the only toilet locked! I squirm so much in the bedroom desperately trying to wait but despite doing all I can I leak in my knickers and grey leggings before finding a children’s bucket and peeing in it.

I filmed but it’s too large so took some screenshots for you all.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2020-08-21 16:08

{{11 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Oh wow that is a scenario I love and it happened to you today in real life

How full was that little bucket when you emptied yourself as with your big bladder I’m surprised it could contain all you had contained for so long

The pictures are incredible

}}

It was full to the point my thumb was wet holding it! And then when the bathroom was finally free I did even more pee again! Felt it was never ending

*005*2020-08-21 20:41

{{7 hours ago, stinklerus said:

FANTASTIC!!!!!

Thanks so much for posting these pics.

}}

No problem. I enjoyed sharing

*008*2020-08-21 21:28

{{4 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

You need to buy a bigger bucket in case get caught out again

}}

It was the first thing to hand as i had bought it recently for my child for a beach visit. Next time he builds sandcastles I’ll look at his bucket and recall what happened this morning.

*010*2020-08-21 21:58

{{14 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Yes I bet you will always remember that feeling when he uses it

Did you have to cut off the flow before fully relieved then as the bucket filled?

}}

Yes! Once my thumb felt wet I had to stop before it overflowed! Then I held until I got into the bathroom and went more again!

*013*2020-08-22 08:46

{{31 minutes ago, blackrat65 said:

Would love to see the video

}}

They are on xtube under my account there called ‘helpmehold’

*016*2020-08-22 11:34

{{39 minutes ago, blackrat65 said:

Is this video up on there oh thxs

}}

Yes. It’s in two parts on there

Here is the video link for anyone interested:

%https://www.xtube.com/video-watch/bursting-for-the-toilet-but-bathroom-is-locked-44813181

*019*2020-08-22 14:02

{{4 minutes ago, Calvin1 said:

Thank you for the pictures, and the videos. Wow!!!! Loved your moaning and dancing. Off topic... especially enjoyed your bathing suit desperation videos.

}}

Glad you like them.

