Holding While Gaming

Author: LemonSlushie

*000*2020-12-13 09:16

Hey hey!

So since I literally just signed up, and my posts still need to be approved by a moderator so I can't exactly post in real time, I thought I might post a sort of journal thing about my holding experience! Please let me know if this is at all interesting lmao

It's currently 10 PM and I'm playing one of my favourite older games - Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy - while I get my bladder all nice and full with some water and soda. When I don't have anyone to beg for permission, I like to set a timed goal for myself, so I'm thinking I'm going to try for 1 AM tonight.

For visuals: I'm a pretty tiny guy, and I'm wearing a comfy black hoodie and boxers. I'm also wrapped up nice and cozy in a fuzzy blanket.

(Also if someone could maybe let me know what exactly the rules are here for more sexually explicit content? I usually like to umm... edge with a vibrator while I'm holding, but I'll avoid talking about it in this one just in case.)

Edit: this turned into a very rambly stream-of-consciousness type thing, so please let me know if it was in any way fun to read!

~

10:10 PM - Just opened my first can of soda! It's a coke, so it has some caffeine which will hopefully make all the water I'm about to drink go through me even faster than usual. My bladder is totally empty, so that clearly needs to change.

10:30 - About half of my water is gone already. It's a 710 ml bottle, so I think for now I'll slow down on drinking a bit. Not feeling anything yet, but it does usually hit me all at once after a while.

11:00 - I'm starting to feel it a little... I've been slowly sipping on my coke, but I think it's time to have some more water.

11:20 - Water's all gone and it's definitely making its way to my bladder. I'm not squirming yet but it's just at that point where it's starting to feel good. My bladder feels extra sensitive tonight too... this is going to be difficult.

11:30 - Only an hour and a half to go! Finished my first soda and opening my second... and I'm moving from sitting cross-legged to sitting on top of a towel. Not because I have to. Because I want to.

11:40 - I'm starting to get those little waves of desperation, pulsing through my bladder. It feels so good, kneeling here with the soft towel all bunched up between my legs... It's getting hard not to squirm though.

11:42 - mmm okay I might be wiggling already, and half of my second soda might already be gone... But it doesn't matter!! No peeing allowed until 1:00, no matter how desperate I get!

11:50 - My stomach feels really full of soda that hasn't even gotten to my bladder yet.. this last hour is gonna be tough.. But I can make it!! I can be a good boy and hold it all in!

11:55 - I wanna hold myself but I need both hands to play my game and I want to stay focused on it as long as I can :c

12:00 - Only an hour left!! I can do it!

12:02 - Oh my god my boxers are fucking soaked but I um,, haven't leaked yet

12:04 - Oh god my bladder just started throbbing really bad I can't focus on my game anymore I have to hold myself

12:06 - The logical part of my brain: I shouldn't drink any more now, it won't get to my bladder before I'm done and then I'll just be peeing all night // My dumb horny ass: Wanna hold,, more pee :c

12:09 - Ok ok the throbbing stopped a bit, but... what if I gave my bladder a rub

12:10 - Oh fuck rubbing it feels so good but it also makes me feel like I'm gonna leak.. I'm gonna move to kneeling on the floor now, I can't get enough pressure when I'm on the couch

12:14 - mmmm when I got up I could feel it sloshing around,, I hope the rest that's in my stomach gets to my bladder soon, I wanna be too desperate to think. God I wish I could hold it like this for hours, I wanna be right on the edge until I'm crying from how good it feels and begging to let it out

12:17 - I wanna get more water

12:21 - I got more water and I drank most of it but that's good because I wanna be so full I'm aching... thinking of extending my goal to 1:30 but we'll see

12:26 - Got a couple of pillows to press my bladder into,, wish I could moan as loud as I want. Every time I press into them it feels like I'm gonna leak

12:30 - Finished the rest of my water. It wasn't a full bottle, I'm being safe. Gonna see if I can maybe stand with my legs apart without squirming for.. three minutes. God I wish I had someone here to tell me what to do, I don't wanna think

12:32 - I'm not squirming but I'm using my hands to type this so I can't hold myself oh my god there's so much pressure it's gonna come out I'm gonna leak fuck it's so heavy and it hurts but in that good kind of way

12:34 - I broke and grabbed myself a bit before I sat back down but holy shit that was intense,, but I can do it, I can wait, I can hold it

12:36 - bouncing up and down on the towel and every time my bladder squishes I wanna pee but I won't yet

12:37 - Oh yeah I didn't leak before when I was standing!! and I'm not gonna, I can keep it all in like a good boy

12:41 - it hurts, it's so good, don't wanna pee

12:42 - can't stop panting and gasping

12:43 - hanging onto the pillows just for something to hang onto

12:44 - I'm so fucking full it aches, I don't wanna pee yet, I won't, I can hold it I have to hold it

12:45 - it's so close to coming out but I won't

12:46 - 1:00 has to be the deadline, I can hold it until then

12:48 - I swear I can feel every time a new drop of liquid goes into my bladder and I can feel it stretching, I have to pee so fucking bad oh my god

12:49 - it aches every time I move,, wanna soak the towel but I won't

12:50 - just ten more minutes

12:51 - wanna pee wanna pee, don't let me, make me hold it

12:52 - every time I move I almost leak

12:53 - if I relax I'm gonna go but I can't wet tonight I have to make it upstairs into the shower at least oh my god

12:54 - if I wait any longer to stand I'll pee when I stand so I'm moving into the downstairs bathroom but I'm not gonna pee yet!! Five more minutes!!

12:57 - every step hurts I'm so full I don't wanna go yet it's so good

12:59 - one more minute

~

1:09

Currently sitting on the toilet just kind of getting my breath back. That was... a lot, wow. Usually my holds don't go that well lmao. My bladder does still hurt a bit even though I can't pee any more though, so I'm gonna take it easy for a bit. Definitely time for a hot shower and bed.

Thanks for reading!

