2nd Grade Wetting and Messing while on Toilet

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-05-24 05:18

So this occurred to me back in 2005, back when I was in 2nd Grade at Saint John Vianney. It was on this day that, while I was in Pull-Ups, I had secreted away a stash of old underwear (that still fit me) in my Pull-Ups. So, after getting dropped off, I resisted going to the bathroom, cause I had a plan. I squeezed my legs, pressed my butt into the seat, everything, as the pressure slowly built up in my bladder and bowels. My guts rumbled and my bladder tingled as time went on.

It was during the half-way mark of recess that I was close to bursting. A heavy pressure was on my bowels, as well as my bladder. Aside from a few droplets into my PullUp, I had everything else contained. Heading into the bathroom, I made sure no one in my class or our sister class was coming in before I waddled into the stall. I felt my control slip a bit as a smidgen of poop began crowning and a few droplets more leaked out.

Once I was in the stall, I slid my khaki's and damp PullUp down my legs and off, setting them on the floor by me feet. This left me in my school uniform polo, this one was the green one I think, my white tank-top, my socks, and my Velcroed shoes, Looking behind me I saw my poop slowly sliding out. Quickly snatching my underwear from my PullUps, I slid them on, and sat on the toilet. My bladder was the first to go, quickly and rapidly soaking the front of my greyish underwear, the wet spot expanding outwards, the rest that wasn't absorbed by the cotton filtered out into the toilet below. Next were my bowels. With barely a grunt and push, the warm mush began filling up the back. Once I was finished, I slid my ruined underwear off, and wiped up with the toilet paper. Once I got my PullUp and pants back on, I peeked out, and once I was sure the coast was clear, I tossed my stained undies into the trash, Washing my hands, I left to continue my day.

*002*2018-05-24 14:15

{{3 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

Wow, that’s actualky quite interesting, you intentionally peed abd pooped underwear.

}}

Eeeyup

*004*2018-05-25 17:50

{{5 hours ago, blasseroz said:

Pretty neat planning for a 7yo. Love that you were so fastidious as to wash up afterwards. Plenty of detail here, and this helps me to empathise with your situation.

}}

Thanks

*006*2018-05-27 03:26

{{4 minutes ago, AudreyLovesPee said:

Wow another great story. Ur school experiences were way better than mine.

}}

Thanks

