When I Was 16

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-11-23 05:20

This happened during the final exams of the school year when I was in the 9th grade. During the exams, the school was handing out free apples. The day before my last ones, my friends and I had decided we wanted to sleep over and have a little fun with her slip and slide.

Now, Like I said, the school was giving out apples for free all day. I LOVE apples, so ever chance I got, I went to fill my pockets up. During the entire day, I was eating very juicy apples. On top of that, it was very hot, seeing as it was close to summer. This meant I was always thirsty. This meant plenty of trips to the drinking fountain.

The day continued along like that until we got to my friend's house where me and two of my friends proceeded in putting on our swimsuits. we had to wait a bit before we could get our slip'n slide going, because we had to wait for one of my friends mom to come home to get it ready.

In the mean time, we played around a bit. Now... all the juice from the apples and trips to the fountains finally caught up with me. I had to go, and BADLY! With sadistic friends like I have, they decided to make me laugh! I tried to tell them I had to go pee, but I was laughing so hard, I couldn't get a word in. At this time I was doubled over and holding onto my crotch. Even if it was clear that I had to go, neither of my friends stopped the torture.

Finally, my bladder gave in. I felt a warm splash of pee greet my hands, and relaxed completely. It poured down to my feet, and onto the grass loudly. If I hadn't been so relieved by the release of pressure in my bladder, I'd have been crying on the spot! I was just lucky that neither of my friends thought it was gross. one of them even had the idea of adding soap to our slip'n slide so I could wash off my swim suit. Even now, I'm surprised I wasn't actually embarrassed by the whole thing.

*003*2010-11-30 06:16

{{:

Now that's what I call true friends , having fun with you , "torturing" you and doesn't reject you ater you had an accident , I wish I had friends like that .

}}

I kind of secretly want it to happen again. ^^;

{{:

Heh, was this one of the experiences that lead you to ask the question about apple juice?

In any case, just like most of your stories, this is great. I particularly like the pacing; you've managed to balance the parts fairly well, which makes it easy and enjoyable to read.

}}

Actually, no. I was wondering about apple juice because, while RP'ing a couple of days ago on gaiaonline, I kept having to pee really badly. It didn't take me long to need to go after I went to pee.

