A little mischief in my boxer briefs... in bed!

Author: jboarder64L

*000*2022-05-22 19:43

So I was having a really hard time behaving myself the other night...Long story short I ended up slowly wetting my boxer briefs on my bed. I recorded a few snippets of the action and figured I’d eventually get around to sharing it here. I actually never usually wear boxer briefs.... I’m more of a boxer kind of guy but I scooped some up the other day because honestly, they looked kind of fun to pee in.

I ended up changing into a pair the other night before bed. I was just kind of lazing around watching some videos on YouTube. I’d had few glasses of water earlier and was really starting to feel it. I couldn’t resist just letting out a few little spurts standing up with my legs kind of crossed so it didn’t drip on the carpet but unsurprisingly, it offered little relief. My butt was still dry so I laid down on my bed and watched tv for a bit, still having to pee pretty bad. Not long after I very carefully let out a little more and was instantly turned on by the sensation of rewarming my damp underwear back up.

I let out a little more a few times after until I was afraid I was going get pee on my bed if I went anymore. By this point I had to piss BAD. All those little leaks in my boxers had only prolonged the inevitable. Although at the point I could have just got up and walked to the bathroom, I ended up frantically grabbing a 22Oz plastic drinking cup and jamming it between my legs and just EMPTYING my entire bladder right then and then and there sitting on the edge of the bed. It felt so incredibly hot and naughty. All that mischief and I didn’t even get a drop on my bed

First leaks...

FullSizeRender.mov

FullSizeRender.mov

Second round of leaks...

Third round of leaks...

FullSizeRender.mov

Andddd.... I just couldn’t hold it any longer...

IMG_4037.MOV

*004*2022-05-23 12:36

{{49 minutes ago, PrincessPEEach said:

Ohhhh wow. So hot. Two of my favourite things! Boxer briefs and containers

Were they as fun to wet in as you hoped??

}}

They were everything I’d hoped for and more!! It was so much fun! Peeing in the cup was totally new to me but it felt so good and incredibly naughty to do.... especially in my boxer briefs like that

