Last Week

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2017-07-28 14:15

Hi everyone,

I had a few very close calls over the last few days and I don't know why, but I will tell you all about them none the less!

Firstly, I was with my friend on Tuesday, my phone broke so I went to buy a new one, and we hung out. I went to the train station to meet him at 9:30 and we went to the phone shop, to hmv, to various other places, spent a while sat on a bench chatting but I really needed to use the facilities so at that point we both did so. As the day went on we walked and talked and adventured around the city, and made our way back to get something to eat.

I got a giant fanta zero cherry from one of those fast food outlets, admittedly, I went overboard with the ice machine as it is always a novelty to add your own ice, but I was super thirsty as it was unseasonably hot. I was wearing blue jeans, a kind of sheer red sports top and white puma trainers, and sitting/being outside was making my legs burn under my jeans. After a while I went to a phone accessories shop to get a case and sorted the new phone out. My friend then said he needed to go to the toilet, so we double backed and I waited outside. it was a green house inside the shopping centre so I bought a giant bubble tea for the novelty of it and also the thirst quenching abilities, and this is where the fun started.

We went and sat on a bench outside for a while, and I was full of liquid in my stomach, didn't notice an urge to go really, but it was so hot and I was thirsty so I managed all of my drink save some of the bubbles. We decided to go and walk about somewhere else, alas, a park with some shade so that was fantastic, and we stayed out there chatting for the best part of an hour or so maybe. In this time I was seriously bursting, and I knew that we'd had to go back to the shopping centre for me to be able to relieve myself. I didn't want to get up though, I was hot and tired.

Eventually my friend wanted to see what time his train was, so I got up and we walked back to the train station. I kept looking to see if there was a toilet on the way back I had to go that badly and each step was putting pressure on my bladder. We got to the station and I could hardly pay attention, I think it came off that I wanted to be rid of him, but truthfully I was super focused on not wetting myself in a crowded public place. There were no toilets on the non ticket side of the station, so I couldn't go here. I was okay if I was moving, but standing still I could feel a strong wave, and was stood cross legged and tensed up absolutely bursting. I thought I was really going to wet myself so I started walking around.

My friend had another 30 minutes until his train so at this point I suggested we go back into the shopping centre as I really needed to use the toilets. We did, and this is a journey I have done before, but couldn't rush as I was with my friend. I really really had to go and we weaved through shopping centre A as there's no toilets until part B. We got there eventually and he waited outside. These toilets have a long annoying corridor so I walked as fast as I could, I could feel at this point there were a few tiny droplets escaping and I went straight into an open stall, chucked my bag on the floor and locked the door. I then bent over and held myself until I regained control.

I pulled down my clothes just in time for my bladder to give in into the toilet. There was a small wet patch on my underwear but nothing noticeable on my jeans, they did smell of pee a bit, which was annoying as I had to wear them the next day on the plane.

That brings us to the rest of the story, which was a desperate, long day of travelling.

I had to fly back to Spain where I am living/working, my flight was for 10 am so I got up at 4:40 and prepared to leave. I was wearing those jeans, white trainers again and a navy blue and white sports top. I had to go quite badly whilst doing check in, which caused a lot of queues as some of the conveyers broke. I then had to go for quite a way, up an escalator and back along to get to security. I downed the water I had as you have to throw that away before you can go in. I said bye to my dad who took me and then went through security.

I hate this bit because I am always prepared but most people aren't. The trick is to pack everything for security, because you have to take out anything that is electronic really, then once you're through pack it for the plane, so I am a master of security, but I'm there, wiggling about waiting for a family to get all of their devices and put them in a seperate tray, in broken english. I eventually could get through but it took a while of waiting on the other side, then trying to carry two heavy trays whilst people milled about wating for the rest of their family right in the way, so I nearly took out an oblivious grandma, but I managed it, sorted my bag again and charged off.

Now, Most airports seem to want to drag you through duty free before you get to the departure lounge. I feel like in these places people should be looking out for people who might be in a hurry, but we went on the magical mystical perfume tour verrrry slowly, and I couldn't get round anyone. I wasn't upset as by this point my plane was delayed two hours, but I did really have to use the bathroom, so I was on the heels of the people in front of me. Eventually we got to the end and I rushed into the toilets. I weed for ages and then went to the desk to get meal vouchers.

I had a peach soft drink thing with my breakfast, then went and sat down. I got bored pretty quickly, walked round the shops, bought a bottle of water for my flight, but then was even more bored, so I went to starbucks and got a drink and a muffin. I sat down for probably around an hour after that, knowing that the gate info was meant to be displayed at 12:20, I decided at about 10 past I'd go to the screen via going to the toilets, as at this point my bladder was pestering me, and I hate going whilst on the plane.

I went to the closer bathroom and there was a queue, so I panicked a bit, not wanting to miss my flight, and went downstairs to some toilets that would be quieter. I didn't go to them though, as I caught a glimpse of the screen, another delay, info at 13:40. I got annoyed now and wondered around other shops, before going and sitting right near a screen, and spent another hour or so nearly falling asleep and chatting in various languages to people. It then said that info was at 14:01. I thought fine, I'll eat my muffin now and sip some water, now really bored and tired, with only my bladder's plight for amusement. I was quite desperate now, but the screen said info at 14:10. I sighed and decided I would go to the toilet at around 14:00 and then check the screen. 13:58 came so I gathered myself up and turned around, seeing the flight info already displayed! I went down to the gate, really bursting for a wee, and ducked into a toilet on the way. This is when the problems arose.

You know when you go to the toilet, but it just... keeps going, like you know that it will fill rapidly and you'll have to go again soon? I got a glimpse of that feeling and thought oh no. I went to sit in the departure lounge, where there was a massive queue, but no plane yet. We waited there for I don't know how long, until we finally got on at 14:55. I was one of the last, but I had an aisle seat so I didn't mind. We got on and I got the DS out and stuff, and then we were informed we had to wait 20 minutes on the ground. Everyone moaned at this. 

But eventually we took off, and I started really having to go urgently. As soon as we could, a lot of people went to the bathroom, so I stayed put, aside to let the middle seat person out. Once they came back I wanted to wait for a while, so I pulled down the tray and could subtley fidget and squeeze my legs and cross them. I decided to be stupid and see what would happen if I relaxed, and lo and behold, I lost the tiniest bit of control, which left a cooling wet spot on my underwear which made me need to go right then and there.

I got up and made my way down the aisle, and had to wait as someone came out of the toilet. I got in and couldn't figure out the door, so I stood all twisted and could feel my bladder twitch as it began to leak. I managed the door and got my clothes down and got some much needed relief. But my bladder was already sore. I was also stressed and thirsty, as I only had 20 minutes once we landed to make the coach. I got through security and everything and got my bag, but missed the coach by 10 minutes, so after finding the place I needed to change the ticket and buying another one for 30 euros, I had a wait of two hours for the next one. I went to burger king and got a huge drink of nestea, which I drank all of.

$$

After this, I had half an hour until the coach arrived, so I walked back down as far as I could in the air conditioned airport, where I already found myself quite desperate for the loo again, this was getting annoying, but I had drank an awful lot, and I was really stressed which doesn't help. Anyway, I went and relieved myself then went off to find the coach. I got on at Terminal 1, but it swings round to Terminal 4. I was already feeling the need to go again, which more than anything I was irritated by. There was a toilet on the coach, but I can't stand the smell of the air freshner, so I vowed to hold on as long as I could.

The journey on the coach is 3 hours, but I already felt really desperate, after an hour my bladder was huge under my jeans and each bump set my full bladder bouncing. I listened to a load of red hot chilli peppers on the entertainment system thing, but it wasn't distracting enough. I forced myself down against the seat, really wanting to hold on with my hands in my crotch, but it was too light outside to do that. I crossed and uncrossed my legs, now really bursting and considering going down to the toilet. I held on longer but somebody absolutely stank out the toilet and the coach, and now I was really against going until at least the smell was gone. I put on a film, which was Paper Towns, which does have a desperation scene in it at some point, so probably not the wisest choice.

As the sun went down I had both hands resting on my swollen bladder, but when it was fully dark outside I lent forwards and had at least one hand in between my legs. at all times, obscured by my backpack on the seat next to me. I was tired, the coach stank, I just wanted to get home and pee! I really really had to go. But after a while like this, the urge didn't go away, but I felt I could wait, it started to just... hurt. My bladder hurt, my kidneys hurt, my muscles all ached, but I wasn't going to go on this coach, I was determined.

Eventually we got in to my town, and I got off the coach, grabbed my suitcase and straight into a taxi. It was about 7 minutes, but at this point, I couldn't help it. I was holding my lower stomach again, and each bump, or turn or anything really caused me to wince. My bladder was getting irritated and trying to let go, but I wouldn't have it. I could feel my pee start to go right against the opening again, and I knew I didn't have long.

I struggled opening the door with a suitcase and backpack and carrier bag that had water in, but managed it after dropping my keys once. I got in and ran up the two sets of ramps to the lift, which I had to call down. I was completely shaking all over and knew I was really risking a full on wetting. I got in the lift and was whispering, pleading, begging myself to hold on. I had my legs crossed, I was bent over holding on with two hands, and my bladder was spasming now, letting me know I was about to lose control. I got out of the lift and unlocked the door, holding on for dear life. I closed the door behind me quickly and ran as the spasms were pushing harder and harder against my bladder. I got to the bathroom and had to cross my legs again hard as I felt my underwear get wet and it spread under and to my bum. I managed to stop that and got my clothes down and peed massively into the toilet.

It was a really exhilerating experience that makes me want to get that close again soon!

Thanks for reading, sorry it was so long!

*002*2017-07-28 15:54

{{1 hour ago, Low-Key Friar said:

Loved the finale to it! : O Long time no see and fun reading your experience.

}}

Sorry about the hiatus haha! Glad you enjoyed it

*004*2017-07-29 18:03

{{17 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Really enjoyed this EQ another great post. I really enjoy that you don't exaggerate and just tell it like it is which means as a reader it's easy to imagine the situation and sympathise with you. I think you did brilliantly to hold out with minimal leaking and so glad you enjoyed it so much.

}}

Haha, I can't exaggerate it was already a pretty over the top situation! But thanks I'm glad you liked it, hoping to post more stuff soon :)

