My first meeting with my omorashi lover

Author: Apeeling

*000*2011-09-13 20:26

Warning for watersports, explicit languages and sexual scenes! Also for the guys - a cock is present beware.

So, this is another story from the past, but this one is very much newer. It's from when I was 17 years old.

I had been talking to this guy online for about half a year, getting to know him really well. We were both into wetting and watersports, not to mention a whole lot of other things. Unlike him I had never tried it with anyone but myself since I had only had very vanilla flirts, so after a while I decided that I wanted to meet with him.

He had told me not to pee when I got up that morning, so after the 2 hour train ride there, I was already feeling pretty desperate. The meet and greet part was over pretty fast, with me squirming and asking to hurry up home to his apartment, and him smirking at me with that evil glint in the eye.

We went by bus. It was horrible for me (in a very exciting way mind you) sitting next to him and being really really desperate. He was teasing me, tickling me a little and making these sounds like water running. I almost wet myself right there! But fortunately I made it through the busride.

The walk to his apartment was one long pee-pee dance on my part, with a laughing man walking beside me with nothing to add to the mix but teasing comments and a raging hard-on xD

When we got inside he showed me the place. I was really only interested in the bathroom.

He didn't allow me to go there though, opting instead to tell me to undress to my panties. I did it of course, being a submissive slut and loving every minute of it. The he led me to the bathroom placing me in front of the full body mirror.

He then told me to wet myself.

He was looking at me through the mirror, his eyes hungry. My bladder was suddenly shy, though it was filled to the breaking point. I was blushing like mad and trying to relax my clenched up muscles.

A small dribble.

Then a flow pee flooding my panties and running down my legs and pooling on the tiles. The puddle spread around my feet, and reached his shoes. He didn't step away.

His hand was on my shoulder then, urging me to my knees. I complied, kneeling in my own pee, my soaked panties look-through and showing my pussy in the mirror.

He was looking at me intently, and his cock was tenting his trousers. He took it out then, but didn't stroke it or anything. It was half-hard, and as I looked at him in the mirror I could see him close his eyes and concentrate. I felt the first squirt of pee on my shoulder, running down between my breasts. Then he directed the stream to hit directly at my tits. The heat was amazing, and I think I moaned, but I'm not sure.

He pissed all over me, also on my pussy through my already soaked panties.

Then we sucked and fucked and whatever else people do, but that's not part of the omorashi story xD

Btw, I'm sorry if this is not allowed, but I couldn't find anything in the rules and I asked a few of the advanced members too.

The pic is not from that day but one of our later 'dates' - hope you like :)

*006*2011-09-24 22:40

Nope I think that's leftovers from a full body whipping with a thin flexiplast paddle a week before xD Or maybe it's from the softgun... Hmm...

