Wet weekend

Author: Dunney

*000*2018-03-31 05:29

This weekend has been beautifully wet. I've sent every bladderful through my shorts and down my legs since Thursday afternoon. I haven't washed my shorts and they stink. I haven't washed myself since my shower this morning, and I stink too. On Thursday night I made one of the biggest puddles in my bed I've made since I started bedwetting.. Last night's wasn't so big, but the sheets were nicely wet all the same. So was my pillowcase. I'm hoping for another biggie tonight.

The downside? I can't go out because I smell of pee and I don't want to wash it off. I'm not sure that I can, anyway. The upside? I can wet with every bladderful. I make sure I drink plenty of water, coffee, tea, and wine after dinner. I love it. Now I'm just about ready for another wetting.

*004*2018-04-01 03:24

Last night was soggy. I went to bed relatively early, as I needed to pee and, as it was nearly bed-time, I went there and did it. I woke about 2:30 am needing to pee again, so I did it again, then, as I lay there enjoying the wetness and masturbating in a desultory fashion (at 2:30 am don't expect fireworks!) I thought I should get up and drink some more water. I did that, then got back into my puddle and slept fitfully. I woke 3 or 4 more times and added to the puddle. Eventually I decided to get up, a bit reluctantly, but I'd been lying there for hours and needed to get moving.

A downside of drenching myself like this is that the shower floor gets slippery as the pee washes off me. It takes a few minutes to be cleared away by the water flow, and I have to move carefully until it's gone.

Here are a couple of pictures of the aftermath this morning. I'll wet again tonight, then I have to be dry for the next 3 nights as I have to front up to people next morning.

$$

$$

*005*2018-04-01 03:31

{{12 hours ago, neilscotland said:

That sounds like a great weekend! I think peeing through shorts and down my legs is sheer bliss.

}}

I agree entirely. I really enjoy bedwetting too. I can feel the smile on my face as the pee flows. The smile is automatic. Strictly speaking, the pee isn't, but since I'm there to wet my bed I just let it flow.

*006*2018-04-04 08:08

The wet weekend finished as it began- 2 soaked bedsheets and one soaked man. Now I have to behave for a while.

