Laundry Day Panties (Caption These Pictures)

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2019-02-16 21:01

I’ll sometimes snap pictures of particularly dirty pairs of my panties that I encounter whilst doing laundry. The lighting in our laundry room is good and I’m typically there alone washing my things at odd hours.

Well, the other say I encountered this particularly naughty pair, with very obvious stains from a bathroom accident! I thought I just had to share J

Anyone care to caption these pictures of tell the story of how they got this way?

Rach

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2019-02-17 00:02

Heheheh.

*011*2019-02-18 02:23

Ooooh good suggestions everyone. For those who were wondering, these were wet while laying on my back... I won't tell more... just yet...

*015*2019-02-19 04:32

{{12 hours ago, johnnyc82 said:

Both laying on your back or stomach end up with the perfect wet spots. I've never liked when they lay on their side

}}

It certainly makes for hotter pictures (as you can see the pee running down and the puddle forming), but yes, agreed, the wet stains are less majestic.

{{11 hours ago, JensH2 said:

I just tried to imagine the smell of these panties and instantly got a little... excited.

}}

You know I do sell my panties, wet in, for reasonable prices And they so smell delicious

Drop me a message!

%http://rachelkirwan.wixsite.com/panties

*017*2019-02-20 01:35

{{10 hours ago, Sir Nobody said:

I'll reference your pad tests and say that those panties clearly aren't able to contain a full Rachel bladder.

}}

Hehehehe no indeed not.

*019*2019-02-21 09:03

{{On 2/19/2019 at 9:51 PM, trekkie said:

In a perfect world, how it would happen would be that after a day of making videos, overworking your bladder by holding it until you were good and full for each one, you settled down for a night where you didn't plan or expect to wet, but your bladder was weaker and your brain more okay with peeing in your clothes than usual, and the result was three or so bladderfuls sloshing out of you, through these, and onto a bed with no protection on it before morning.

(Okay, that's not "this is probably what happened according to my Sherlocking of the stain pattern" like everyone else so much as "this is what I'd really love to have happened." You know, and am hoping you will say has happened to you before, and really would love to find out happens to others in the business now and again...")

}}

Oh you've given me leave to tease now haven't you?

