Trying an experiment tonight

Author: Calvin1

*000*2020-07-22 02:27

Well, I am going to try and do a semi public peeing tonight. At least public for me ... Finally alone at home and reading through some of the posts here, figured I would try maybe a couple of things. Started drinking water and and a can of soda about an hour ago, made mistake of watching some of the videos and looking at pictures which interrupted more hydration, ended up with another kind of wetting. Won't go into details. Now getting myself ready. Hopefully I will be successful....to be continued.

Happened all to quickly....back already, but SUCCESS.... Took the dog out, best excuse for a walk. So, I thought I would do the usual walk with him, up the street back down the block and then back through the golf course. I was already fairly Desperate as I was putting his leash on and almost lost it. By the way he weighs just over 100lbs and is still a puppy, so when he wants to walk he wants to walk... anyway, start walking and with him pulling on the leash, a little squirt leaked out. Not much, just enough to feel the underwear get little wet. However, now that that had happened, I really needed to go, and the fast walking was jolting my bladder making me want to just go.

However, I wanted to continue, and it did not help that at this particular time cars came down the street. I knew that if I were to stop, the flood gates would open, my heart started beating faster, I did not want to wet myself in the street while cars were passing. So I kept on walking and leaking, this time I felt it run down my legs. It was dark so I did not notice anything yet, but I knew I had to get somewhere quickly. If I wouldn't have been walking the dog, I am sure my hands would have been grabbing my crotch. Finally, the entrance to the golf course, usually not even the halfway point, but it was too late, no holding back, I started peeing, oh it felt so good, the warm pee running down my legs. I was able to stop the flow enough so I could enjoy the feeling a little longer, took some quick, albeit shaky pictures.

It was an amazing feeling, although not totally public, but away from home, pants wet and still needing to pee. Tried to video the second wetting, but in my state of excitement and euphoria held the phone wrong, so video came out sideways. Walked around a little bit more so the big puppy could do his business and after I picked up, reality set in. Do I walk home via street, or go through golf course. A car driving by helped, I chickened out and came back via the golf course. But the feeling of walking in totally soaked pants, Wow. Got home and sat outside in wet pants. Not sure when roommate is coming back so went and cleaned up. Still can't get over how amazing that felt.

*003*2020-07-24 14:52

{{On 7/22/2020 at 12:36 PM, Alex62 said:

Sounds amazing!! Would love to see the video and pictures!

}}

Here are the pics: will try the video and see if I am allowed to upload it.

$$

$$

$$

*004*2020-07-24 15:02

And the video. This was actually after the pictures where taken:

VID_20200721_214121103~3.mp4

