Peeing on a trampoline

Author: Averylynn

*000*2016-10-22 08:55

So lately I've been doing a lot of closings at work and since I wake up at 7 every morning I've been getting very little sleep. So on days like today, where I don't close, and I don't work tomorrow, I can't sleep.

So usually I stay up, get off, and browse tumblr. Tonight was only slightly different.

I don't think I ended up posting the last thing that I wrote for here because of shitty WiFi, but until nanowrimo (and throughout it too) when I'm sitting down to write, I'm going to hold until I reach my goal of 1700 words a day. Therefore my posts for the next while will get lengthy, and probably more frequent with the addition of doing this daily.

Anywho on with my night!

So a little bit of background knowledge, I have epilepsy. I had a seizure at work today (fucking kids leaving all the strobe lights on) I'm fine now, but I got sent home early. Most of my evening afterwards was spent laying in bed, although the last time I had gone to the bathroom was 6:30 pm, and I went home at 8:40. I got home and layer in bed until almost 10 (nothing really interesting, just laying quietly trying to register everything) when I decided to go smoke.

Now usually, I don't pee before I smoke, weed makes me aroused and having to pee makes me aroused, you get the picture. So when I finally got up I paid no attention to my need to pee, and toked up. I went inside at about 10:20 and at this point I really had to pee but I wanted to wait longer. I wanted to pee somewhere fun, I was heavily interested in the idea of standing on my tip toes and using my STP to pee in the sink. I was even reading old stories on experience project of people doing similar, like I said I was really into this idea.

I finished being really into the idea at about 12:50. I didn't realize how bad I had to pee, and I figured, "well might as well wait till I finish smoking. I can hold it for longer." But ad soon as I stood up it hit me. I still wanted to smoke first, so I sat down on a plastic lawn chair with my bong, and pulled my pants down just enough that they wouldn't get totally soaked, but had the potential to get discreetly wet.

To my horror though I couldn't get much pee out, and I had to go so badly! I sat there until I finished the bowl, and trying to wiggle enough to get some out. My biggest problem though was I didn't want to be peeing loudly, just in case someone at the apartment building next door was outside, so I culdnt get comfy. I gave up after I finished my bowl, assuming that my bladder just hurts but I don't have to pee.

Boy was I wrong.

I stood up and immediately started leaking. I was determined to reload though so I walked with my jeans down to my thighs with a hand in between my legs. As soon as I put my bong down, I moved my one hand slightly, and I spurted a three second leak in a nice arch onto the garage floor. I was so proud of myself! I'm trying to learn how to pee standing up, and it's more difficult than I thought it would be lmao. So I decided to just try doing outside, but as soon as I let a bit go it was so loud I had it stop, and in the process leaking a large amount into my jeans.

Then I got another idea.

We have a trampoline in the backyard, and this was the perfect chance to practice distance shooting! It was slightly after 1 at this point, and I knew no one would be awake anyways, so I climbed up on the trampoline, stood on my knees, spread out my pussy lips and pushed as hard as I could.

This time I only got a bit of an arch, bit it lasted for a solid 45 seconds before more ended up hitting my blue polkadot panties, and my jeans than the trampoline, so I sat down and let the rest go. I was sitting there for two minutes at least while it all flowed out, but when I finished I still knew I needed to go and I was probably being pee shy, so I got off, and sure enough I ended up pissing all down my legs for at least a solid 30 seconds.

My bladder hurt so much when I was finally done, for the last 45 minutes that I've been smoking and writing this, I just let myself pee whenever I felt even a bit of an urge to.

Although now I feel better, and my jeans are really cold, so I'm going to get into my pj's, but after all this I'm probably not going to bed yet ;p

