Wetting stucked in narrows corridor

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2016-04-26 19:41

Hi,

I haven't posted anything for a longer time, so it's time to fix it. This happend to me yesterday, hope you will enjoy it.

I was wearing tight greay leggings, shirt and trainers and I was moving some stuff to attic. There is small room for garbage, and to get there, there are doors, but you need to have a ladder, because they don't lead to house, but to the air. When I climbed there, I make there space for some thing. I already started to feel I need to pee, but there weren't many thing to move there, so I went down the ladder and started to carying these thing up. When I was about in the middle, I accidentally throwed the ladder down. It was about 10 meters above ground, so I couldn't jump down. I was thinking what to do for a while and then I remembered, that under the roof, there is long, narrow corridor, which leads to the second room in attic, which has stairt into the house.

It took me about half an hour to clean all the thing to get to the corriod. As it is just an unused space between house and roof, it is just about 50cm wide and 60cm high, length is about 15 meters, as it goes through whole house. I already really needed to pee, so I went there, even if there were many spider webs and it was dark in there. If you were trying to crawl in such a narrow corridor, you know it's not easy, especially if you have full bladder. In one third of the corridor, there was a beam, making there less space to pass. And to make it worse, I got a liitle bit stucked in there. I managed to get over it, but my bladder was really so full, that I leaked a bit.

When I was in the middle of the corridor, another beam appeared in front of me. My bladder started to really hurt. I stopped for a while to think what to do. I was laying in a narrow corridow, really needed to pee. I couldn't stand up, because of no space. I was thinking of trying to sit, pull down my pants and pee, but I will have to lie back down, into the puddle.

Then, my bladder hurted, and I felt I started to pee myself. I was lying on the ground and I felt the warm pee coming around my crotch, then, as it couldn't go anywhere else in the corridor, around my legs, around my breast, so I was laying in huge puddle of mine pee, beeing completely wet at front side of my body. I started to feel horny, but I couldn't do anything, in this position, even put my hand to my crotch. I managed to turn around and lie on my back instead of stomach, making whole my back wet because of the rests of pee puddle.

I managed to get my hand to my crotch and beeing completely wet, I started to rubbing myself. Then, I continued getting out of there. When I finally get to the second side of corridor, completely wet, I needed to pee a bit again, so I went outside to cary the rest of the thing up to the attic. When I was standing on the ladder, I peed myself again, reweting the clothes I had before. I moved all the thingt to the attic and then I went to the bathroom. I fingered myself and then I washed up.

Hope you enjoyed it :)

*004*2016-04-28 22:22

{{ 

Pretty amazing, yes. Should have been posted under fiction, though.

(Ten meters up on a ladder, is equal to four floors up. Carrying things... Well... You need to be rather brave - and have a hell of a ladder!)

}}

Maybe not 10 meters, there are 2 floors under the attic, i'm bad at gessing distance :D

