I tried to go a whole school day desperate

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-02-18 01:46

I didn't make it the whole day, but I didn't wet myself either. It was in seventh grade.

When I woke up, I needed to pee. I had to wear a belt as per the "uniform," so this probably contributed to my failure. I always do a good job hiding my desperation, so all through first period I really needed to go and no one knew. There was this stupid thing where all the boys thought it was really funny to hit each other in the balls, so I needed to deal with that. This worsened my problem a lot. I was never struck in the bladder, but my testicles were in a lot of pain. At least it gave me an excuse to hold myself.

I began to get pretty nervous that I wouldn't make it in second period. We had long classes, an hour and half for each class, and I decided to go pee in the beginning of second block. I figured I should at least wait until class ended, so I did. I remember needing to pee so badly that sitting up straight was a pain and bending over caused my belt to dig into my bladder, so my bladder was under constant pressure. I didn't have any friends who were going to hit me in the nuts in that class, so that was a plus. By the end of class, my bladder hurt so bad I couldn't really stand up. I forced myself to, though, and hobbled over to the bathroom once the bell rang. I peed for what was a while at the time.

Has anyone else attempted this, or something like this?

*006*2018-02-19 17:48

{{15 hours ago, IncrediblyFull said:

I'd like to hear more about you getting hit in the balls if it's okay with you. A bit of a subfetish of mine.

}}

I guess. Boys in my school always used to think it was really funny to hit each other there, myself included. I got some of the worst ones. Once, I was standing over my friend's shoulder and he elbowed my groin so hard I fell to my knees. Another time I got kicked under the table by someone in boots. Once, I was bent over because I'd just been hit, and someone came up behind me and kicked me there again. One of the worst times I ever got (are you familiar with someone "tazing" you? Where they use a flattened hand and jab you hard with the tips of their fingers in you side?) was when I was stretching and I got tazed right underneath. The shock was awful and it almost felt like they exploded, and it even hurt when I woke up the next morning. They pulsed even worse when I walked. While I was at school that day, I got hit really hard again and it hurt worse than usual. It even hurt to pee.

Believe it or not, I wasn't a target. This kind of shit happened all the time. I'm just glad it didn't last very long.

