Nowhere to pee for female cyclists

Author: cwpee

*000*2016-11-14 21:36

I just saw a photograph from this event pop up as a “6 years ago today” post on facebook, so I decided to write a quick account of what happened. I’m actually using this as a basis for a fantasy I’m writing, but I wanted to write down the actual events first. I’m not going to build it into a well-written detailed story like I plan for most of my encounters, but hopefully you will still enjoy it all the same.

I have been cycling for 10+ years, with varying degrees of intensity, but at that point in my life I was in very good shape and cycling 3 times a week, with lengths of 15-40 miles, and occasionally up to 60. There is a group that I met through mountain biking that I got along with very well. I had been riding with them several times, and had even been to several weekend trips to build trails at a nearby state park (which accounts for another very good sighting), but this trip was a lengthy road bike trip leaving from their house, which was out in the country.

I met the group at the house about 30 minutes before we were supposed to leave, and was one of the first people there. We all sat around talking for a while before several people went in for a bathroom break. I decided to as well since it had been a while since I left home and had been drinking fluids on the way out, but I noticed that there were several people who didn’t go.

This surprised me for a couple reasons. First, as they live out in the country, it must have been at least 30 minutes away from home for everyone, plus the time it took for us to leave. Second, this ride was close to 50 miles and would take at least 4 hours. I didn’t know much about the route, but it was unlikely to have much in the way of facilities. On top of that, the only other guy in the group was the ride leader’s husband - the other 10 women wouldn’t be able to go very easily on the side of the road.

It is normal in cycling to drink a decent bit before a ride to stay hydrated. This normally leads to a number of people needing to pee in the first hour or two. Today was cool so it didn’t happen as much as during the heat of the summer, but I definitely saw people drinking before the ride.

Once on the road, I settled into the middle of the pack where there were a couple people I had gotten to be friends with on the trail building weekends. The ride was very nice, with beautiful scenery to enjoy along the way; the terrain was relatively flat, with some gently rolling hills. It was a little chilly in the morning when we started, plus a bit windy, so we had all layered for the ride. About an hour in, we stopped for the first time, with most people removing a layer. I had thermal underwear on, so I removed the top, leaving me with a long-sleeved jersey and a windbreaker. My two friends, Julie and Wendra, both took off their bottoms, showing they had both worn long cycling pants. I wished I had a pair, but instead had to rely on my thermal underwear and running pants for cover from the elements. I honestly wished I could have taken off the thermals completely, but it would have taken too much time to get them off so I decided to wait.

Things continued on uneventfully for another 30 minutes, before Julie asked when we were going to stop for a toilet break. I had been predicting this as she was one of the ones who didn’t go at the house before we left. Wendra, who knew the route, said we would be going through a park in about 30 minutes, and there were bathrooms there. Julie seemed satisfied with this, and nothing more was brought up.

When we got to the entrance to the park, another woman mentioned the bathroom, with Julie joining in about how she needed to pee. The ride leader heard this, and told them that we weren’t stopping in the park. Julie stopped peddling briefly as the leader told us that we couldn’t stop because the Park Rangers had been known to charge an entry fee to anyone who stopped. I’m pretty sure several of the women would have gladly paid 4 dollars to be able to pee, but no one had cash so nothing was brought up about it.

Once we were through the park, we stopped again. Julie couldn’t believe they couldn’t go at the park, so she asked when the next place was. To her dismay, the leader said it was back in town. Julie came back almost speechless, before telling us it was back in town, another 2 hours away. I heard lots of murmuring, and it was obvious there were at least several other people not happy with this turn of events.

Finally fed up with my thermals, I decided I had to get them off. This meant removing my shoes, outer jogging pants, then the thermals, then putting the jogging pants and shoes back on and securing the thermals in my backpack. About halfway through, the group left, so I was all alone when I finished up. Decided to take advantage of this, I went on the side of the road before hustling back to the group.

There was a long 20 minute slog up a hill the steadily became steeper of the course of several miles, so everyone needed a break at the top. The subject of pee came back up, but the only answer anyone had was to either hold it or squat on the side of the road. Taking the queue, 2 women immediately set their bikes down and squatted. One had a relatively weak stream, but the other was holding back quite a lot as evidenced by both the strength of her stream and how long it lasted. Wendra and 2 other women both said they weren’t comfortable peeing in plain view, and the rest remained silent, either not needing to go badly or too shy to speak up.

After a few more minutes rest, we all started back, enjoying a long coast down the other side of the hill. I pulled up next to Jamie to ask how she was doing. Staring straight ahead, she told me that she wasn’t doing too great. She was fine for now, but no so sure about later. We all continued on our way, no one wanting to discuss their still-present need.

After another 45 minute stretch, we stopped for another break. Another woman jumped off her bike before she was stopped, ripping her pants down as she began to lose control. I saw Jamie looking intently at her, so I asked her why she didn’t do that. Turning to me, she said “I wish I could! Unfortunately I wear a cycling bib” lifting up her jersey to show me the one piece suite that went from her legs to her shoulders. “For me to pee, I have to take it completely off, which means I have to take my Jersey completely off. My Jersey has a built-in bra, so I’m going to be totally topless, which isn’t happening. I obviously wasn’t thinking about this, but now I’m stuck.”

I felt bad for her, stuck so far from a toilet and having no choice but to ride to get to it. I asked how much longer to town, and she said it took her 45 minutes, but we were going slower so more like an hour, possibly longer. I broke the news to Jamie, and all she said was “That figures” before we headed out once more.

Not longer after we started, the wind shifted to where we were riding head on into it. Many of us were already slowing down, and this delayed us further. At the next stop, another 45 minutes later, Jamie went straight to the leader, desperately hoping we were close. When she heard it would be another 30+ minutes, she walked back to where I was holding her bike, muttering.

As she did this, I heard another girl whimper quietly. I looked over to see her digging deep into her seat, presumably to get as much pressure on her peehole as possible, and clamping her legs tight. I hadn’t paid her any attention previously, but it looked like she was even worse off than Jamie.

On the final stretch, everyone had a little boost of energy, but it was rapidly worn down by the wind. I could see a look of grim determination on Jamie and the other woman’s face as we all pedaled onward. Just as we passed the promised 30-minute mark, we crested a hill and saw our destination on the horizon - a small restaurant. Several of the group, including Jamie, increased their pace, leaving the poor woman behind. I’m not sure if she was totally worn out, unable to go faster because of her bladder, or a combination of the two, but she wasn’t able to keep up.

Finally at the restaurant, 3 woman all arrived at the same time and raced inside. I got in shortly after to find Jamie dancing at the door, and another woman behind her. The toilet flushed and Jamie nearly pushed the woman down trying to make it in. I would later find out that she had to clean up some minor leaks, but it took almost 5 minutes before she came back out, leaving the other woman ever more frantic as she waited.

While waiting I have taken my jogging pants off as I was starting to sweat. As I was putting them up, Jamie came up to me and told me how close of a call it was, explaining it in more detail than I anticipated. While she was talking to me, I could feel my penis starting to harden. I had avoided this while riding because I kept myself occupied, but with nothing else going on I was helpless. While she was giving me a blow-by-blow of how she held on, I heard the last of the desperate ladies come in the door. She had a hand buried in her crotch and she could barely walk. She got to the door, finding it locked, and banged on the door a couple times before bending over sharply. It must have seemed like an eternity for her, but only waited for less than a minute before she hobbled into the long-awaited room.

My dick was already getting hard from listening to Jamie but I was trying to ignore it. With this display going on in front of me, I was helpless. There may be worse pants to have an erection in, but I can’t think of them right now. The spandex did absolutely nothing to conceal the huge bulge, and if anything accentuated it. Desperately hoping Jamie didn’t notice, I moved my backpack to my lap.

When the last woman finally exited, I could see that the crotch of her pants was much shinier that the rest. Had she wet herself while riding, or was the locked door too much? I had to find out, so I casually walked by her bike. The seat was totally dry, so it must have been that final delay that was too much for her.

Nothing else was spoken of it after this so I'm left to wonder how often this sort of thing happens. That was my one and only ride with this group, so I never got to see if this was a regular occurrence, but I can only imagine what has gone on for other rides in the summer when people are drinking even more!

*006*2016-11-19 19:42

Sorry, I wrote this out in about an hour or two and didn't proofread the story properly. I change everyone's names for true events and apparently forgot what I had changed it to mid-story - its the same person. This was the first time I've written it within the site instead of in a word processor (where it go over it many times), and it looks like I need to stick with that method.

Unfortunately there wasn't a whole lot of outward showing of their desperation. When I say she described it in more detail that expected, it was that she brought it up at all. Basically, she just confirmed what I had observed and that she really was a lot worse off than I was letting on. I already felt awkward enough trying to hide my erection, so I didn't want to draw further attention by prying further about it. I've been on several rides where there was a shortage of bathrooms, and one thing I've noticed almost universally is that cyclists get used to this so they train themselves to just get on with the ride. Given the circumstances I was expecting a lot more display that day, but there it is.

*009*2016-11-24 01:27

{{46 minutes ago, Gemmy said:

I really love situations where a girl can't pee without revealing too much. Such a turn on.

}}

I know! A lot of the incidents with my wife revolve around her not wanting to reveal herself on the side of the road (or wherever), so she holds it forever. So amazingly hot.

