How My Wife Found Out About My Fetish

Author: Drewster88

*000*2021-10-27 17:51

Hello all,

I wanted to tell the story of how my wife found out about my fetish, and also recount a genuine accident story she told me afterwards.

So, in the first year or two of dating, of course we discussed sex and kinks and things like that, but not to an extreme degree. I've had an omo/pee fetish since forever and at that point, only two other people ever knew. One was a short term girlfriend who decided she found it weird (not the reason we broke up), and one was actually a roommate's girlfriend in college who was simply very open to sexual discussions (there's a small story there if anyone wants it, but it doesn't involve wetting or sex).

Anyway, I'm scared to open up to my not-yet-wife at that point, not because I thought she'd leave me, but more because I didn't want to find out that she hates it and would never participate, because then I might have to leave her (and I didn't want to).

She was aware that I had a specific fetish I had not yet told her about, so she wasn't completely surprised when she found out about this. In fact, she had tried a couple of times to pry an answer out of me by asking about various types of fetishes, and getting me to say yes if she guess it right (she never did obviously).

So I was planning on telling her in the near future, and one day she asks if she can use my phone (hers was dead and charging). I of course said sure (I have nothing to hide). So I'm in the kitchen doing dishes and she's in the living room and she suddenly goes "Umm... honey? Can I talk to you about something?"

Her tone immediately makes me freeze. I know this tone. It's typically the tone she uses when she's trying to bring up an uncomfortable topic gently.

I say "sure" a little warily, trying to anticipate what this might be about.

She goes "I think you forgot to close one of your browser windows earlier".

For a half second I'm stumped, as this was not was I was expecting. I rack my brain quickly wondering what on Earth she's talking about.

Then it hits me. OH. MY. GOD.

I didn't close my panty wetting porn site when I was done masturbating earlier!!!

My eyes get huge as I start to panic. I manage to say "what do you mean?"

She comes into the kitchen holding my phone up to me with the porn site on full display. I believe it was ineed2pee.com or wettingherpanties.com.

I start to get red and really embarrassed, as well as scared. Will she be mad? Are we about to fight? Is she going to be able to handle this, or is this the end for us?

I go, "oh... yeah... um... you weren't supposed to see that."

She goes "obviously."

And so starts a discussion about how this is my fetish that I've been reluctant to tell her. To my extreme relief, she is not mad, just curious and amused. She admitted that she was thinking my fetish would be something FAR more extreme and weird than simply peeing and wetting.

She goes "so you like to watch women peeing their pants?"

I blush and go "yeah".

She goes "why?"

And I explain why I find it sexy, how I've always found it sexy, how I have other fantasies like her peeing on me, me peeing on her maybe, bladder teasing, how I like to wet myself too, including in women's panties (she already knew I liked to wear women's panties).

She took everything in stride and seemed relieved to just finally know what my fetish was. She said "well, I'm certainly not into this, I don't find it sexy, but I'm not grossed out either, so maybe it's something we can think about in the future."

My heart races a bit as I get excited. "Really?"

She goes, "yeah, it's not like I haven't peed my pants before anyway".

My heart races faster. "You have?"

She goes, "Yeah, a few years ago when I had college roommates here, one of them was in the bathroom showering when I came home from school. She was in there for an hour and it was our only bathroom. I kept holding it and holding it until my bladder hurt so bad I couldn't stand it anymore. I eventually just gave up, stood in the doorway to my bedroom, and pissed my pants."

My heart explodes. My breathing is heavy as I envision her story in my brain. I breath "Really?"

She goes "yeah. It hurt too much and I just said 'fuck it' and wet myself."

At this point I'm sporting a massive hard-on tenting my shorts out a few inches, about to blow a load in my boxers.

She notices, laughs, and goes "wow, you really do like this fetish."

I go "yeah."

And that's how my wife found out.

*003*2021-11-01 14:54

{{On 10/28/2021 at 12:14 PM, Spectator9 said:

I hope that her knowing has paid off as your relationship developed.

}}

It has paid off in a couple of ways.

First, I didn't have to keep hiding it and I could be fully myself with my wife, which is a wonderful feeling.

Second, she is still OK with the idea and sometimes teases me, like saying "uh oh I have to go pee really bad" or "when I was covering the receptionist at lunch I suddenly had to go really bad, and I had to hold it for a half hour squirming in my chair, and I thought I was going to wet myself!" So that's fun

And third, she has yet to indulge my fetish of wetting herself, or watching me wet myself, but she has peed on me twice so far. Both times in the shower, including into my mouth, which she said she found weird but also kind of fun in an dominating/powerful way, so we'll see where that goes

{{On 10/28/2021 at 12:33 PM, BladderLad said:

Great account!! I hope the 2 of you had fun after??

}}

No, we didn't have fun after that particular incident, but as I mentioned in my reply to Spectator9, the fetish has worked it's way into our teasing and even our sex life a little bit.

