Memory Lane- Playtime Desperation

Author: xCookie

*000*2015-02-11 22:17

As promised, here is another story from my past! Going back another few years, back to when I was 4. I had a relatively large playroom to utilize. And I had those ABC building blocks. Tons of them. Enough to get VERY creative in what I wanted to build. The best part is that I also had a bunch of those bendy string thingies, so I could sort of hold my blocks in place. Me and my friends, Jake and Abby, were building one day, when I hatched a brilliant plan to build a castle.

So we did. It was quite large, actually, even my parents were impressed. The 3 of us had a lot of time on our hands that summer. So as we were building, I noticed Jake started squirming around a little bit. I asked what was wrong, but he said it was nothing. So I let it go, but a few minutes later, I saw him stop building and hold himself for a few minutes. He turned to me and admitted that he had almost wet himself. Abby, not looking up from her part of the castle, said that we were all diapered, so he should use them for their intended purpose.

Jake was not to keen on that idea, however, still squirming around like mad. I noticed that the more I watched his desperation, my own need to pee was steadily rising. I would have to go sooner or later, and it was starting to look like it would be sooner rather than later.

About 10 minutes later, Jake stopped building again and grabbed himself. Then, suddenly, I could hear a faint hissing sound. I looked over at Jake, and he was sitting there, with a zoned out look on his face, as he sat there wetting himself. I heard Abby come up behind me as she asked "Is he really wetting himself?!"

As Jake finished, a small dribble leaked onto the hardwood floor, showing that he had indeed wet himself, and quite heavily, too. Upon seeing the puddle, both myself and Abby started bouncing up and down, we had all had a lot to drink, and it was catching up to us. My bladder contracted, and I had to clench all my muscles to stop from wetting myself.

Suddenly, I felt my bladder go numb for a split second, and a short hiss was heard as I leaked a little into my diaper. Abby looked at me, and said she had leaked a little too. I held myself even harder, trying desperately not to wet myself. Unfortunately, nature was winning this battle, and as another wave of desperation hit me, another jet of pee escaped into my diaper.

I saw as Abby started vigorously bouncing, then stop, as she got the zoned out look on her face. I looked on with wide eyes as I saw her give up and sit back, as the dam burst, and she uncontrollably wet herself. She peed for a good minute and a half, before getting up with a refreshed look on her face. So only I was left, rapidly losing control every second.

I tried hard, I really did, but then Jake thought it would be fun to mess with me. He came up behind be and tickled me, causing me to lose my focus and let out a giant spurt of pee into my diaper. It took me almost 3 seconds before I was able to stop the flow. Jake heard it, and he tickled me again.

That was the last straw for my bladder. It contracted, hard, and a stream of pee escaped into my diaper. I held myself, dropping to my knees, as I fought vainly for control. I couldn't stop the flow, I could only make my pee come out in 1 second spurts. Every time I tried holding it back, the pain made me let go again. So this pattern happened three times before my exhausted bladder gave up, releasing a waterfall of pee into my diaper. I burst into tears, having lost the battle against my bladder.

My mother came in to see what was wrong, and she saw all 3 of use soaking wet, and me crying. She quickly came over to calm me down, then proceeded to change each of us. It was just a normal thing for us, being diapered for long events like a road trip or a a play date. While it stopped by the time I was in Kindergarten, it was nice while it lasted. I got lots of love from my mommy, and that's what counts! ^///^

