Classroom wetting

Author: BlueDragon666

*000*2018-12-10 13:10

When I was little, I always had a social anxiety problem with using public restrooms. So when I was in 1st grade, it was a day where we took part in a play. Well, I had to pee pretty bad. I went all day without peeing until around the end of the day. I was bursting. So I finally got up the courage to ask my teacher to go to the restroom. (In first grade we had the bathrooms in the classrooms and we shared one with the classroom next door) well I finally went into the restroom. And I couldn’t undo my belt. So my teacher called another student to undo my belt for me. Then, while he was doing that. I peed forcefully into my jeans. My embarrassed self didn’t want to leave the restroom until finally the teacher got me to leave it to go to the nurse.

*003*2018-12-11 13:12

{{15 hours ago, Max Colter said:

I was lucky enough to have bathrooms outside of my class when I was little that was probably a really scary experience! How did the person undoing your belt react?

}}

He just slowly stepped back and watched me burst. Lol

*006*2018-12-16 13:52

Had another one.

When I was in 3rd grade. I forgot to use the bathroom before I left home that day. And well I still never really used public restrooms. So I tried to hold it all day.

Well I needed up asking to go to the restroom and I couldn’t hold it to go to the urinal so I went to the stall and while trying to unbutton my pants. I ended up peeing myself. I actually went back to the classroom and asked my teacher to go to the nurse lol. The students never found out.

*007*2018-12-16 13:52

{{21 hours ago, Lukhas said:

I did not like school bathrooms too. It was kind of anxiety maybe. So I tried to hold it to home. I only used school bathrooms when I was 100% sure that I was only alone there.

In y4 I peed myself right in the middle of the lesson, I could not hold it more.

}}

How did the students and teachers react?

*009*2018-12-16 16:10

{{1 hour ago, Lukhas said:

It was not good situation for me- at age 11 years it was really embarrassing moment in my life. I tried to hold it for a long time and I could not stop it after some spurts. When I got control over my bladder again so it was almost all my pee in my jeans and on the floor under my chair.

Another students started to laugh at me. Teacher tried to silence them. She came to me and asked me why I did not ask for bathroom. I only cried. Then she wanted to get some dry clothes for me so she asked all classrooms in my year if someone had sweatpants for gymclass. So she got one and I used it for rest of the day.

But next weeks classmates teased me almost every day.

}}

That sucks.

