Gave Best Friend Control...

Author: Annie Tickler

*000*2016-10-06 05:06

Please, bare with me, as this is my first post. I have been a lurker until now and with the new layout for this site, it was easier for me to make an account, as I am terrible with computers. XP

Ok. This happened almost two weeks ago.

Description: I was wearing white undies, and dark blue sweats, but they weren't baggy, they club to my legs just enough. I wore socks and a plain t-shirt

Anywho... I just got home from school, (I'm a senior! :) And I messaged my best friend I know through my tickling fetish, and to introduce Omo to him, put him in charge of my bathroom breaks. Now I usually have a really strong bladder, so I've only ever lost control two other times since I was like six. So I figured I'd be able to make it to at least 10 pm. (I get home around 2:30) he told me he would never let me go to the bathroom, since he knew that would make me excited.

But I asked him to have me do things, he told to drink several glasses of water.... I think I downed about 7 or 8 cups. I was already pretty horny by now, so I asked him to chat on Skype, which went on for about ten minutes before for I excused my self. I told him I needed to take care of a few things;) after browsing on here for a while (about an hour and a half) I felt really desperate. After I orgasmed, I had a really hard time getting out of bed and putting my pants back on and rushed to the bathroom. I messaged him, as I was pee dancing, and asked permission, as I was bursting!

He didn't respond, and I could tell he was not online. I didn't know what to do, as I hadn't been in this situation in awhile. I was nervous and excited at the same time. But I thought I'd at least be able to wait for his response. Since I knew I was going to lose control, I took off my socks and laid down a towel, dancing and bobbing up and down as I did so. But before I could check to see if he had replied, my area became numb. I couldn't even stop it with my hands, it first came in spurts, then it all poured out like a waterfall. Even though my pants were black, I could see my pee flowing down my legs, the relief was wonderful.

Maybe when I'm more comfortable, I'll share some pics!

*005*2016-10-28 05:57

{{On 10/15/2016 at 8:57 AM, ashishgamer said:

Idk if you know the difference between 'best friend' and 'friends with benefits'. If you don't, here it goes: The guy message when you are horny is your friends with benefits. The guy you message when you wanna have chat which is usually non sexual.

Sorry if I was rude but I just had a really bad experience and I just get pissed off whenever a girl uses her male best friend for sexual favors.

}}

To be completely honest, he is both. He can be serious and supportive. And he shows me a good time. I have asked him out, but he chooses to focus on his work for right now. So it's consensual both ways.

