Horror game holding challenge

Author: Bisonwin

*000*2019-10-18 16:05

I personally love the month of October and although later than I wanted to I’ve started to play the rotation of horror games I like to play each year. I chose to start this with one of the best horror games ever made, Alien Isolation- but inspired by a post I read the other day about a holding challenge I decided to modify it to better suit my experience.

Before starting the hold proper I tried to empty my bladder as much as possible (although it wasn’t too effective) and drink a cup of coffee- now I don’t like taking cups into my room so I sat in the living room watching a show on my phone for half an hour. I finished the coffee quickly so I had to wait out the rest of the show before I left. Next I took an empty smartwater bottle I had (a decently sized water bottle brand) and filled it up. I decided to be careful and grab some kitchen roll when I was down there before heading upstairs. Clothes wise I decided on a glow in the dark T-shirt and two pairs of jogger bottoms with the kitchen roll folded over and put right against my crotch to minimise any damage that may happen.

I started the game and was already starting to fill up (4/10 ish)- thankful the coffee was actually doing it’s job for once. During the opening cutscene I had a fairly big drink from the bottle but it wasn’t reflected in how much was left. Basically id take a drink during cutscenes, load screens or if the game lagged (for some reason it was doing this a lot today) the first objective after gaining control of the character is to get dressed- the locker you need to use is right beside the toilet and shower so completely for immersion sake- I used the shower for a minute. 

It was funny but didn’t do much to anything- skip ahead 10 minutes or so and I’m actually on the ship doing the spooky bits- few jump scares here and there with fire, lights flickering- the usual. I’m slowly working my way through like the water is, taking a sip every minute or two because of how poorly it’s running until I get to the first big ingame roadblock- a sealed door you need a tool for, I remember getting stuck at this bit the first time I played and it happened again- I spent at least five minutes walking about trying to progress before finding the generator I needed.

I’m at most a 7/10 now but I’ve put the pillow I was sitting on between my legs to press into my crotch, I’m squirming a bit by now. As you leave the room with the generator in it the light above you explodes and that made me jump a bit and I could feel myself twitch a bit, but I held strong, got the tool I needed and was thrown into the next cutscene in no time. This cutscene leads into the worst bit of the game as a player and as someone in my situation, you’re lead by someone about the place to “guide you to safety” ie exposit info and tutorialise you... at a fixed speed... while the game is lagging. What should be like 10 maybe 15 minutes took like 20. By the time I was through that section with him I was at a 9/10 and couldn’t stop fidgeting or rubbing myself.

After parting ways with him and having the titular alien make a brief appearance you’re to run for a trolly to the hub, but like with everything in this game it’s intentionally slowed for fear and immersion. While I know nothings going to happen since I’ve played it before waiting for the minute or so it takes the trolly to arrive on the verge of pissing myself while music designed to be scary plays makes holding even worse. 

By this point since I had planned to play a lot longer than I had the bottle wasn’t even half empty- so I made it my goal that I had to finish the bottle before I could leave. The loading screen gave me ample opportunity to down it but it still wasn’t empty- I was going to reach the next save point (luckily close by) down the drink then go to the toilet which I did... but that would have been too easy for me. Instead of just letting go, I decided to take off the joggers I was going to wear later and sit on the toilet with the inner layer on and watch a video- I picked the first one that came up in YouTube, 14 minutes.

About 4-5 minutes in I realised the chances of me making it through dry were next to zero so I took off the joggers and put the kitchen roll on the toilet seat- since I was so hard at the time I couldn’t have my penis pointed in the toilet so I rested it on the kitchen roll. I had about five minutes left on the video and I could see myself twitching slightly, with about 3 minutes left a tiny dribble comes out onto the paper. A few seconds later another one comes, this kept happening and I was starting to worry it would seep through so I put a bit of toilet paper onto it as well just as I started spitting harder. 

After the first one I press onto my bladder and it’s hard and sends a shiver of pleasure through my body as two big spirts come out. Knowing this was it I leaned forward so I’d be peeing into the toilet just as the main part of the video ended and the torrent started- it came in bursts and was steadily happening for about a minute- I started typing this up as occasional spirts we’re still coming but even as I finish this my bladder has started to fill again

*002*2019-10-20 18:56

{{On 10/18/2019 at 11:36 PM, Spectator9 said:

Holding while playing video games is fairly common, though sometimes quite unintentional. You can get so engrossed that you don't notice how full your bladder is until it's almost too late!

}}

I do the majority of my holds while playing something because it’s a great thing to focus on and distracts me on both ends making them go on for longer or become more intense

