Her story of getting into the fetish

Author: Breadfan

*000*2018-12-25 11:04

(No video or pictures here, just wanted to tell her story of getting into it)

"Breadfan" has been holding her piss since she was very young

For whatever reason, she hated(and still does) using school bathrooms,church bathrooms, any sort of public restroom. So, she does her best to hold it when out and about

Her first wetting was in the 1st grade, she doesn't remember the details, just that she did it and her mother had to bring her a change of clothes

Eventually she learned to balance over the toilet and let go, she no longer had any accidents in school after that.

During family vacation drives, her family took very few bathroom breaks. She'd sometimes have to hold it for so long that when she finally could sit on a toilet it would take her body awhile to "relax" so she could finally go. Basically, she has had plenty of experience

Fast forward to adulthood, she's now a bladder holding champ. She'd pee once(or sometimes not at all) during work (which is seven to nine hour shifts on average)

All the pictures and videos she's allowed on this site so far are from her recording herself whenever it felt "right"

She eventually "accepted" having to pee at parks, doctor's offices, the gym, work, etc. (That's where all those extra videos came from)

Somewhere along the way I admitted my interest in the fetish, she was already into it, so the perfect storm happened, and the rest was history!

Extra details: (May have already talked about some of this stuff in previous topics but whatever)

Longest she's held is almost three fourths of a day. She peed before going to bed(10:00pm), woke up, and DID NOT take a morning pee(because I asked her not to, because I'm evil), and then worked a near entire day before having a piss at 1. (She averages nine hour work days, so going into work at 8, she already had ten hours of pee inside her before she burst at 1. Wish she recorded that pee, she said it was long and hard

She's into, and has done, some public wetting. She's pissed herself in a variety of ways. Walmart, a movie theater, a restaurant, even at her own parent's house! (All those are stories for their own threads)

She is also into farting and scat stuff, but since that fetish has a very small following on this forum I won't go into detail about it (You can always PM her if you are into that sort of thing)

*002*2018-12-25 22:27

Lol my boyfriend and I share this account, sorry if its confusing

