Peed Myself in the Middle of Town! (Kozmo-Lotto Winner Request!)

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2016-10-10 07:11

Hi everybody! KozmoFox here. If you follow me at all, you know that yesterday I announced the winner of the first KozmoLotto! The winner was @FallingDusk with a roll of 77...The number I had was 74. Somebody else had rolled 76 but unfortunately, it turned out that was their second roll and I specified one roll only.

Today, I fulfilled his request in what was actually my first deliberate somewhat public hold, and I have to admit I was very nervous and planned ahead very hard to attempt to ensure it went as smoothly as possible. Of course it didn't, though, and in a way I honestly should have seen coming.

Dusk and I went over things in a private conversation, discussing how he might want things done, specific things he wanted me to do and what not to do. We went over the specifics of my outfit for that day, and because Dusk is luckily a good friend of mine (No lotto trickery, I promise, it was just a damn lucky coincidence), I threw on an outfit I felt he'd like and sent him a picture, and he okay'ed it on the spot.

Obligatory description phase! If you do not know already, I am not a very big woman. A little over 100 poundarinos, not on the tall side, but I'm not TOO short either. I have long hair, that is surprisingly no longer black! It was fading and I wanted a change, so some dye-play later I'm sitting on a decent brown, though in some lights it does still look on the blacker side. I am quite pale, and in natural light I usually look like an urban snow white. I might blind you, sorry. In regards to the outfit Dusk and I decided on, I went with a maroonish tank top, some white short shorts (I was very surprised to find he wasn't a denim guy, as most omo enthusiasts tend to be.), my underwear (which i did not give a selfie demo for, i have self respect), was black and purple, one of my favorite color combos~ Other things included some striped black and white kneesocks, and a light overshirt in case it was a bit chilly (White with a flower pattern, I have a dress with the exact same on it!)

So as things went, the plan was, I'd head into town. I'd start in a very public section of town, and as my need gradually grew, I'd move into more subtle areas of town before the er, fateful moment as it were. With that in mind, I started my day with a bottle of water, and a classic favorite, an orange juice. I changed into the designated attire, and hopped in the car, already feeling the early twinges of "Hey, these are really diureticy liquids" as I took off towards town. I don't actually live in the town closest to me, just near it; my place is actually really rural, as I've covered in other stories.

I pulled in and saw some early day people milling about, as today was Thanksgiving here in Canada. I had factored this into my strategy, as although this was in public, if you know me you know I'm not a gal with any intention of getting caught. So I was able to factor in that due to thanksgiving, a lot of people would be having dinners and get togethers from noon into the afternoon time, and being a person that enjoys a good hold occasionally in the privacy of her own home, I know when I start feeling what and when, if you know what I mean, as long as I keep my drinking consistent. Taking all this into consideration, I was not only able to somewhat map out my journey, but keep a timeline as well!

As such, when I passed the sign saying I was in (INSERT PLACE HERE, NOT TELLING YOU WHERE I LIVE, SILLY.) I knew exactly where I was headed first. The single most Canadian place in Canada.....Tim Hortons.

Now, when I head into timmies I tend to have a specific order, which changes sometimes with season, because their candy-cane hot chocolates in the winter time are to die for. But normally because I swear I should be obese with severe diabetes (I'm the exact opposite and I DONT KNOW WHY?!) I get a large French Vanilla and a maple cream donut...But today I changed that up, only slightly though. I got the French Vanilla with a small blueberry tea, and a pumpkin donut that was in season, so you know, why not. I sat down, feeling things beginning to build, sipping at my tea and eating my donut. Ten minutes after sitting I had one leg over the other, occasionally digging my long nails into my thigh, and another 5 minutes later ish I had begun to kind of wiggle and flinch every little bit from a movement.

I noticed a few people give me weird looks, the most pointed one being from a child. I knew that was time to go, given that children don't have the best attention spans, but they're also less likely to be subtle with their staring. If he was staring, a lot of other people had noticed too. And so I set off, but not before I had to brace myself on the table for a second. I was filling up just a tad faster than I had anticipated, and the sudden feeling brought on by gravity was a warning sign. And so I left, cold of heart and soul, FORCED TO THE ROAD, AND THE LONG BITTER NIGHT. Except it was day, I just felt like quoting Blood Omen.

I had my big ol' french vanilla in my hand as I went over my route. I left my car in the parking lot and began walking, my bladder making its presence known. I knew I'd have to walk relatively quickly if I wanted to make due, but that wasn't making things any easier. From the effort of walking, the pressure building in my abdomen, and my still hot french vanilla, I was beginning to build a mild sweat. Ew.

To give you an idea, I walked down the main street of the town, down a road that branches off from that into a small shopping center area with a few small stores, restaurants, another Tim Hortons (these things are everywhere man.) and by then I had both finished my drink and was getting...a little nervous. I really had to pee now, but I was still in a general area with no shortage of people, and I still had a ways to go before I got down to where I wanted to be when I lost control. In order to better hold and not unnecessarily leak before I knew I was safe, I began to walk a tad slower with my legs a little pressed together. It was kind of awkward and I saw an occasional passing person give me a funny look, but I started to have fun with it, sticking tongues out at them, and even adding just a little swagger to my awkward walk. Sometimes the best way to hide desperation, is to act like a total idiot so they just think that.

Eventually, I got to where neighborhoods started, and I was beginning to burst. It likely doesn't seem so because its a written tale, but I'd been out anywhere between an hour and a half to two hours, and drinking a bunch of fluids known to go right through you. As I turned a corner and walked into a side street, leading into one of those sort of off-the-main-map neighborhoods, I had to stop and lean against a tree, left hand holding myself momentarily while my right hand gripped its respective thigh, tightly. I felt a small warmth escape me, and I audibly gasped. It was too early for this.

As soon as I had a good hold on my bodily functions I started briskly up the street, beginning to jostle my bladder again but I wasn't entirely sure how much time I had left and I wanted to ensure I left with my pride at least mostly intact. I had to go down two streets, make a left, then back forward which was actually onto a street I used to live on, to a wharf from there, that would actually take me UNDER the main street (it has a bridge that goes under the harbor), across a smaller bridge, down the wharf on the OTHER side, which has a hill that leads right up into the parking lot of the initial Tim Hortons, and my car.

I knew I was going to completely lose it before I got there, if not 5 seconds after the thought had crossed my mind. Hell, given this was a lotto request that was half the point, but I felt far from safe. I needed to get farther. And so I did, walking and walking until I got to the street before the one I used to live on. I had to stop again, my legs locking as I felt myself leak into my shorts, the warmth lingering as my hand shot down but I hesitated. I didn't want to apply pressure to the area in case I caused a wet spot, or spread an existing one, so I kept hobbling along...and saw a dude coming up to me. Now I'm not an idiot, this happens quite a bit, I'm used to it. He started walking alongside me, and started giving shitty half-assed compliments. Told me he was thankful for getting to see a beauty like me, oh boy he's using holiday-themed pickup lines.

I just kind of thanked him, kept walking, avoided eye contact. I tried to walk as straight and as refined as I could, and just wait for him to take the not-interested hint and, pardon my french, fuck off somewhere else. Unfortunately, I did not have that kind of time as I found out not a few seconds later, as I leaked into my shorts mid-walk. I tried to ignore it, until I felt the warmth shoot out of me a second time.

I felt that dropping feeling of dread, and I wasted no time turning into a driveway, giving the guy a small sarcastic wave as I walked up the the pavement and turned the corner into the back yard...But not before I leaked again, a very significant one, leaving the crotch of my white shorts very damp, and I felt a small bit go behind to my ass and I felt a small trail trickle down the back of my bare thigh. He likely didn't see, but if he followed me up the driveway at all to stare at my rear he might've seen something...but given I doubt he was an omo-enthusiast, he likely caught nothing at all.

Needless to say, I proceeded to sprint straight through three back yards, onto an adjacent street. I looked one way, nobody. Looked the other way, nobody. My subconcious must have registered something with that, as its like an anaconda clenched around my bladder. I couldn't help it, I full on burst, I couldn't hold it how hard I tried. Both my hands shot down to my rapidly dampening crotch, gripping for dear life, but there was nothing I could do, I couldn't even slow it down. I felt it spread all around my lower body in the front and back as it cascaded down my bare legs. I very audibly moaned as I saw the streaks pour off my locked knees onto my kneesocks, gradually soaking them to the point the bottoms of them were warm and damp inside my shoes. I could hear it all pouring down the back of my legs onto the pavement, and I could feel it pooling in my hands that were still holding myself, only for them to overflow.

Whereas I'm usually a VERY vocal wetter, I was incredibly conscious of where I was, and other than that one moan all that came out were a few squeaks. Eventually it all ended and I was exhausted from the effort of everything, like I had run a marathon or something. I was completely soaked, so I took some napkins from my purse and wiped down my legs so they weren't glistening anymore. My shorts were, again, on the short-side, so I was actually really lucky. The bottom of my crotch area was basically transparent, and the backs of the legs as well as just a bit of the front were wet, but once again, these were not modest short shorts.

These are plenty short, and given the front of my tanktop was over like, the button/fly area, there wasn't much to see. You'd see it if you were somebody fairly close behind me and blatantly staring at my ass and focusing on it to the point of picking up detail (white doesn't really get a whole lot darker...Like white, to less white, to kind of gray, to transparent based on degrees of damp) but its definitely not like wearing a full pair of jeans, not nearly as obvious, I could potentially walk down a street without people noticing. And I did, hopefully.

I walked the rest of my route, down the next street, onto the wharf, passed a few fishermen that paid me no mind, just talking about their boats they had docked there. Across the bridge, down the other side of the wharf, passed MORE fishermen, two parents and their kid, a fisherman passed by and winked at me, got an eyeroll in return. From what I could tell nobody was really paying me much mind, as I had figured apparently the fact that I'd just had an accident wasn't the most obvious thing in the world.

I climbed up the steep hill to the parking lot of Tim Hortons, and walked straight across it, trying to look as normal and confident and not-paranoid as I could muster. Got to my car at the back of the lot, opened the door, saw my towel laying on the seat that I had left there in advance. I looked around, saw nobody around that side of my car that could see me...So everything that had built up since the accident minutes beforehand, I let go on the spot, letting a river pour down my leg onto the pavement, before hopping in my car and driving home to celebrate thanksgiving.

So, given it went not too terribly, I'd say the first Kozmo-Lotto was a success~

Sometimes the best way to be a ninja, is not to do anything at all, and hide in plain sight!

So, what do you all think? Good, bad? Was the lotto a good idea? Should I hold another one?

As always be sure to like share and sub – Wait, this isn't youtube.

As always, feel free to leave your thoughts, even shoot a message if you want <3 I love you all, and I'm happy to be able to give back to the community I love in the way that I do.

OTHER TALES FROM THE KOZMO'S:

Wet myself looking for a bathroom at a club!

Wet myself while gaming (And nearly got caught!)

Peed my Pants While Doing Photography (And possibly trespassing)

Two Wettings the Night Before Christmas.

Wet myself outside of the bathroom

Peed my Pants in a Haunted Maze!

Pissed myself while drunk at a friend's apartment!

Wet myself at the University

*013*2016-10-11 20:56

I'm so happy it was so well received!! I could cry ;u; it was really big for me to try something like this!~

I'll definitely consider running something like this for next week! I might put up the thread tonight or tomorrow. Hmmm...Or should I space them out.

I'm honestly not sure, but the earlier I put it up the more time people would have to make lotto rolls...I have no obligation to do it literally a week after I make the thread this time. Hmmmmmmmmmm

But yes, I'm so happy everyone likes it. You're all amazing :)

*015*2016-10-13 14:49

{{On 2016-10-11 at 6:07 PM, LunasAuditor said:

I'd love to get involved but wouldn't know what to ask for even if I should win! I'm just happy that you're sharing it with us cos it's really awesome!

}}

You could ask for anything you wanted! Don't let that hold you back, feel free to give it a go..the new thread is up if you want to try. :)

