Evening in the Park

Author: Lils

*000*2018-06-30 21:08

A short introduction about myself. I am a female in my early twenties - quite short and a bit chubby (although I have lost a lot of weight in the past year, going from overweight to chubby). My hair is blond, and curls untill my shoulders; my eyes are blue and I usually go for a natural look with minimum make-up (and minimum effort, to be honest). I am into wetting and desperation, and sometimes when I am in a "naughty" mood, I like to wet myself.

*

So today it has been very hot where I live. And because I am not that good in handling heat, I drank a lot. Towards the evening I noticed that that also meant having to pee a lot - although I must admid, it is kind of strange that such a thing still manages to surprise me. Getting a naughty plan in my heat, I exchanged my tank top and summer shorts for one of my shorter summer dresses, and decided to walk to the park (about 3 kilometers).

Upon arrival in the park I got a nice bench in the sun in one of the quieter areas of the park and got out my book. After reading about 20 pages, my bladder started to distract me. I re-positioned my dress slighly so that I wasn't directly sitting on it anymore (it was more pooled around me, hiding my underwear from view) and looked around. It was still really quiet in my immediate surrounding, but there were plenty people around who could see me. I let go a spurt of pee into my black panties, and felt it pool inside my panties, warm my legs and then slowly dissapear. I continued reading my book, while letting a spurt of pee go every few pages. Meanwhile I was also sipping my bottle of water (500 ml) untill it was empty - it wasn't hard to drink the water while having so much inside me already, because the walk to the park had made me thirsty.

Then I saw movement in the corner of my eye, and a guy sat down on the bench five meters away from mine. I stopped letting go of my pee spurts, and discreetly looked under my bench. There was a darker spot there, from the pee that had dripped from the bench to the sand beneath, but nothing too suspicious I deemed. I waited untill the guy left again, because I felt a little unsure. The pressure on my bladder also seemed to be ever increasing, and the fact that I was sitting in a pair of cooling wet panties was not really helping either. After the guy finally left, I let go of an extra large spurt, and some of the pee actually dripped down my legs and into my shoes. This was not what I had planned, because my shoes had to stay clean! After that I was a bit more careful in releasing the pressure - but I continued reading and releaving pressure for some 15 more minutes.

When the sun had turned away from where I was sitting, I stood up and went to another part of the park, where I sat down in a sunny spot in the grass. In the meantime I got out my bottle of iced tea (another half liter) and drank it all. I continued reading and actually got so caught up in the book that I could ignore my bladder. After 15 minutes it started to demand attention again, and I shifted slightly to let some pee go onto the grass. I carefully looked around, probably overly suspicious that people would be on to me, while rationally knowing that no one would pay attention to me. The pressure on my bladder kept increasing, and I felt as if the iced tea was added right onto it, so I finished my chapter, preparing to find some more full release somewhere else.

However, it was really difficult to find a quiet place in the park to let go. As it was a very nice day, there were very many people in the park even though the sun had already dissapeared. To add onto that, I had noticed that my dress had gotten slightly wet at the back and did not want to attract to much attention. In the end, I just tried to squat down and pee, but even for that I could not find a quiet enough space, and when I did try, half hidden behind a bush, I could not pee without getting it to run over my legs and into my shoes - which was not what I wanted because I was not wearing slippers (like I usually would have done for such a 'thing'). I tried to find another bench to sit down on, that was far away enough from other people, but that would also not be to weird to sit down on. I wandered the park like this for ten minutes, while my stomach was really getting to the point of hurting.

In the end, I tried walking back to the point where I started in the park, and noticed that walking upstairs or uphill was becoming extra painful on my bladder. As it got more and more painful, I ended up getting onto a path between two parts of the park, where there was a small stone wall. I sat down on the very low wall, and tried to relax to let go, but it was just as if my bladder was feeling my anxiety. It took some time to start a full stream of pee, and then it slowly stopped. I tried to push some more pee out, and some more came, but then I heard the noise of people approaching. I quickly stood up and looked at the damage that I had done. The part of the wall that I had sat on was wet, and there was a large wet track running down, leading to the leaf covered ground of the park, where the wetness dissapeared. I quickly walked away, and looking back over my shoulder, I saw that it was actually a group of policemen that I had heard approaching!

I decided to walk home. About 20 minutes into the walk, it became appearant that I had not emtied my bladder completely in the park, as it was becoming full and slightly painful again. Meanwhile, due to the high temperature and nice wetter, my legs, socks and dress had completely dried. In an alley between the road and the back-end of the metro station, there were some bushed alongside a wall. In these bushes there was a gap. Quickly looking around if no one was approaching, I stepped into the gap and leaned against the wall. With my hand under my dress, I pushed my wet and cold panties aside (it was beautiful to feel them, I had almost forgotten they would be wet) and increased the distance between my legs. 

I let go of my pee, and there was a stream of it. As I relaxed more into the peeing, the stream came larger and a sense of relief (finally!) came over me. I remained anxious that someone would come across me, but at least in this position I could play the "I really could not hold it any longer" card - which was not far from the truth. After the stream finally died down, I released my panties to cover me again, the last pee dribbling into them and warming them again, while slightly re-wetting my tights. I walked away and saw a small family approaching, quickly looking over my shoulder at the puddle I had left behind in between the bushes.

From the alley next to the metro station it was only a five minute walk to my house. My tights felts slightly irritated from the repeated wetness and movement. After coming home I sat down behind my computer to share this story with you, still in my summerdress, with my wet panties on me. They have warmed again because of me sitting down, and my dress has become slightly damp again from my holding myself through my dress while typing this.

