When Planned Desperation Gets Very Real

Author: davidparker265

*000*2015-06-30 19:09

I've always been interested in female desperation and wetting, but I had never had much of my own "fun" until recently. I've come to enjoy wetting and naughty peeing, so when my girlfriend went out of town for the weekend last week, I decided I was going to make a very wet day of it. I ended up getting much more than I bargained for. So, after years of lurking here, I figured I had to share this story.

Part I: The Planned

I'm not very patient and don't enjoy long holds – I'd rather feel the desperation build up very quickly so I'm scrambling to find somewhere to pee. Of course, I'm also indecisive. There are so many places and ways to pee that I don't want to pick just one! So, I started drinking water pretty early in the day, following the Rapid Desperation plan

. Since it hinges on peeing regularly for the first few hours, I could start having fun right away.

I had to take my girlfriend to the airport around 10, so I started drinking water pretty much as soon as I woke up, whiel going about my morning. I got a little work done, ate a little breakfast, and drank according to my schedule.

I started feeling the need to pee when I went to take a shower. So, naturally, instead of going in the toilet, I opened the shower door, stood outside it, whipped out my (now hardening) cock and peed a pretty forceful stream into the shower, spraying it all around. Hey, I was going to clean the bathroom today anyway.

After showering, I got dressed and continued my drinking. I put on a pair of tight boxer briefs and a t-shirt, along with some jeans. I didn't want to wear my tightest jeans, since I knew they would likely get uncomfortable as I became more desperate, and they're pretty dark – which is no fun at all! I want to see the pee spread out as I wet myself. So I put on a pair of somewhat lighter Levi's 514 – slimmer than average, but not exactly skinny jeans.

I sat back down at my computer to peruse some of my favorite blogs, and after a little while, felt the urge coming again. Luckily, my girlfriend was in the shower, which meant I could get away with a naughty pee without her knowing (she knows about my fetish but I'm still easing her into things).

I looked around. It wasn't time for a big wetting yet, but I did need a place to pee. I settled on outside. I opened the back door to the house, where there's a small path with a tiny drain, out of view from any other houses on the block (thank god for our nice high fence). I put my back against the wall, pulled down my pants, and squatted next to the drain like a girl. The pee shot out pretty hard, splashing all over the concrete. Funny, I thought, I didn't really realized how much I'd needed to pee until I started going. I guess the rapid desperation was doing its job.

I went back inside and continued drinking, reading some desperation stories here on omorashi.org while my girlfriend finished packing. Once it was time to take her to the airport, I was starting to feel the need to pee again. I glanced toward the bathroom, undecided as to whether I should relieve myself before we went. Eh, the airport isn't that far, I thought, so I can lave now and pee when I get back. Maybe I'll even get a little desperate before my real desperate fun later today.

There was no traffic on the way to the airport, and thank god, because by the time we got there, my bladder was starting to feel it. I was definitely going to make it home, but I would probably be rushing to my next pee spot when I got there.

And I did. About halfway through the drive, I found myself constantly checking Google Maps' ETA, crawling down, minute by minute. Only 7 minutes, I'll be fine...only 5 minutes, that's nothing, right?...two minutes, I'm going to make it...and by the time I got to my neighborhood, I was squirming in my seat and rolling through stop signs like nobody's business. I really needed to go! Finally I arrived home, parked my car, and jumped out the door. I started walking briskly toward my front door, but by the time I opened it, I was in a full run.

I dashed to my bedroom, grabbed a towel, and pulled down my pants. I had already started peeing by the time I pressed the towel up to my crotch, breathing a sigh of relief as it soaked up the clear liquid.

It started to soak a little faster than I expected, though. I didn't pee enough to soak it entirely, but enough was dripping through that I needed a quick solution. so I hobbled over to my laundry basket, still peeing a full stream into the towel, and let it drip onto my dirty clothes.

God, it felt good to have that release. So good that I started to harden as I peed. And as the last few drops came out, I couldn't resist rubbing against on the towel, humping the warm, wet fabric. It felt so good I felt like I would orgasm right then and there, but I stopped myself – my wet day was not over yet. In fact, it was just beginning.

My real goal for the morning was a ~30 minute hold followed by a wetting, after I'd built up my rapid desperation and had some fun naughty pees. I figured that time had come, so I grabbed another cup of water, put my pants back on, and plopped down onto the couch to play some video games.

It didn't take too long before I started feeling the desperation again. In fact, after only two levels of Sonic & Knuckles, I was squirming. Halfway through the third, I started purposely leaking a bit in my pants. Why not? The first dribble was a small one, just wetting my boxer briefs a little bit to feel the wetness spread, but not getting my jeans wet just yet. I re-adjusted my dick to face a dry portion of my underwear and let another trickle out, hoping to prolong the fun before I was in a full-on wetting. By the time I got to the third spurt or so, I could feel it definitely starting to wet the crotch of my jeans, so I decided it was time to get off the couch.

I had some dishes to wash, so I decided to kill two birds with one stone: get my chores done, and have a nice planned but desperate wetting. As I cleaned the kitchen, I started squirming, then doing a little pee dance where I stood. I didn't want to fully wet on the kitchen floor, but I figured I could do my chores until I was spurting, then rush to the bathroom and let go in the shower.

That did not go exactly as planned. The next spurt was much bigger than expected – more like a quick jet of pee – and since my underwear was already pretty wet from before, it shot right through my boxer briefs and sprayed down my leg. It only lasted a second, and was able to stem the flow pretty quickly, but my pant leg definitely had a big dark stripe on it, and my ankle was dripping onto the floor. But I couldn't hold it that way for long I now had no choice: if I didn't get to the bathroom quickly, I was going to burst all over my kitchen floor.

I dashed to the bathroom and hopped in the shower as fast as I could, pee starting to stream down my legs as I opened the door. I got into the shower and let go completely, pee flowing down my legs and my pants, rubbing myself as it all sprayed out. I peed for quite a while, surprisingly, and by the time my pants were soaked, I pulled them down to see the wetness exploding from my boxer briefs. I got so turned on that as soon as I was finished peeing, I frantically pulled down my underwear and started stroking myself. I orgasmed almost instantly, shooting warm cum across half the shower and collapsing in a wet puddle of pee and cum.

But unbeknownst to me, I wasn't done yet.

Part II: The Unplanned

I'd barely used the toilet since I woke up, so I considered it a pretty successful morning. But now the fun was over, and it was time to run some errands. So I took another quick shower to clean myself up (letting out a little leftover pee during the process), and got dressed in some non-wet clothes to run to the grocery store.

Here's the problem: I figured once my wetting was over and I stopped drinking, I'd stop peeing so often> not true: once you've drank that consistently all day, even if you stop drinking now, you're still going to be peeing really often for a little while. Not all of the water I'd drank toward the end of my morning had made it through my system, and by the time I pulled up in the grocery store parking structure, my bladder had already filled back up.

So, I walked briskly to the back of the store so I could relieve myself before I started shopping. It was a fairly small store, though, and there was only one bathroom. And, just my luck: it was out of order. Nothing I can do about that, so I figured I'd just race through my shopping and head home as quickly as possible. After all, I didn't have to get that many items, so it would be a fast trip.

Unfortunately, it didn't matter how quick my trip was – my bladder was continuing to fill up, and fast. Rapid desperation is no joke, and now I'd found myself in a real life desperate situation. I kept glancing at the bathroom door from across the market, hoping that the sign would miraculously be gone and I could relieve myself, but of course, no such luck. Meanwhile, my desperation grew by the minute.

By the time I'd gotten my items, I was ready to burst. It had snuck up so much quicker than I thought, and I cursed myself for not realizing this would happen. I looked at the checkout line and knew there was no way I'd make it through, so I put my basket on the ground in one of the aisles and raced out of the store, not really knowing where I was going.

There were no other stores in the shopping center, which made things a lot harder. I didn't want to wet myself in the store, but there was no way I was going to make it home either. My dick was throbbing with the desire to pee. I checked my phone and saw there was a fast food restaurant about three blocks away. I decided running there would be faster than trying to get out of the parking structure (I was probably wrong), so I started booking it.

Of course, that only made it worse, so I slowed down to a brisk walk, but not halfway to the restaurant, it happened. I lost control. It started as a spurt or two, but within 5 seconds became a gushing flood of pee, soaking my crotch and cascading down my legs. Thankfully the cars were driving by pretty fast, and I was wearing my darker pants so it was hard to tell – but I just stood there, like a deer in the headlights, as pee flooded between my legs and into the grass below.

Dumbfounded at what had just happened, I slowly turned around and started walking back to the grocery store parking structure (after all, what was the point? I'd peed.) I went around the back to ensure no one saw me, raced to my car, and drove home in my soaking wet pants. I wasn't that turned on in the moment, due to my embarrassment and the annoyance of cleaning out my car, but later that evening, I took some time too look back on it a bit more...fondly.

