A holding contest with my friends

Author: Darksyn

*000*2012-02-26 14:52

A holding contest with my friends.

This took a while to set up, to make sure people were out of the house.

A few days back, I invited Natasha and Rei over, for a holding contest. The rules were based around Mass Effect 3’s multiplayer demo, particularly, for every wave you survived, without going down, 50ml of their choice of drink, If you lost on round one, 500ml, and for any round your character died, 100ml. Matches are 11 waves.

I played first, as I have the most experience playing it, and I played on the hardest difficulty. I ended up earning myself a good 600ml to drink. Natasha was next, and played on the normal difficulty, She earned 400ml, and finally, Rei earned 750ml, on normal. (She’s not too good at the game yet. XD)

After the matches were over, we poured our drinks and talked for a while, and the two lovebirds cuddled over on my couch. Pssst, it was adorable.

Things weren’t too interesting for a while, mostly, we talked about gaming and such.

After around two hours, Rei had started to squirm. Natasha purposely cuddled her in such a way Rei couldn’t use her hands to hold herself, and the Japanese girl complained about it loudly. But Natasha just sat there with a smirk.

After a little longer, I, too started to feel pressure in my bladder, but I didn’t show any signs at all – I’m a really, really good holder, most of the time. Natasha was still fine, at least for another half-hour. By then, all of us had to go, but Rei was the most obvious.

Rei had started clenching her legs together, but Natasha was having none of it, and plopped herself down, to rest against Rei, who whined and muttered about her girlfriend being ‘mean, and totally unfair.’ To that, the Russian giggled.

Not much time passed before things got really interesting.

Rei was straining not to leak into her panties, and so had moved to where I had specifically placed towels, just in case. She strained for a few minutes, but in the end, couldn’t hold that much water back, and soaked herself in a torrent.

Most of you know the kind of wetting where pee slowly seeps into clothing and makes a small wet stain, that trickles down one’s legs?

Nothing like that! When she lost it, she pretty much exploded into her clothes, and immediately soaked through her panties, and almost the entire front of her jeans was drenched in seconds.

After she had finished, she sat on the towel, and pouted at Natasha.

I had a feeling that I would win, for two reasons.

One, I barely feel a need to pee unless I *REALLY* have to go.

Two, Natasha hasn’t had her muscles develop properly, and she usually wears diapers because of her bad control.

Was I ever wrong. Natasha wasn’t squirming much, at all, and I was starting to feel pee trying to snake it’s way down my urethra, so I moved over to the towels, to two grins.

I couldn’t last longer than ten minutes. All of that time, the pressure built and built, and I spurted a few times, enough to make the stain obvious on my groin. It was so difficult, at that point, I just let it slowly leak out, causing it to trail down one of my pantlegs, and soak into the towel at the bottom. The slow stream subsided after a minute, and my entire left pantleg was sodden, but my right had fared much better, only halfway wet.

Natasha giggled about actually winning… And while she was distracted, I told Rei of an idea. We both quickly walked over while Natasha was busy laughing, and started tickling her viciously.

She laughed, and laughed, until we let her pause for breath. By then it was too late, she had lost control, and was wetting her panties, and plopped onto her rear, which allowed her pee to soak her skirt, as well.

We all had a good chuckle about everything, and I let the couple shower first, while I… Had some fun!

All in all, a really good contest, I would think. Some are more eventful, but the end result is generally the same!

*006*2012-02-27 18:48

If I can ever managed to pull one together, I might do a big holding contest via MSN conference chat, :D

And yus, we Canadians sure are win, eh?

*009*2012-02-29 19:05

Relatedly, I think I can hold quite a bit before I have an accident/start losing it. I'd wager 950ml, maybe... But I've yet to really measure it. Just measure the drinks I take in!

*012*2012-03-02 01:35

If it did, I think most people on this site would be happier than anybody on earth.

