Confessing to my Boyfriend

Author: xCookie

*000*2015-03-21 03:09

So as some of you may know, I recently came to terms with my sexuality, realizing that I am bisexual. Shortly after venturing back out into the world with a sense of identity(finally!) I was lucky enough to meet Jake, one of the nicest guys I've ever met. After a few dates, we both quickly began to develop intense feeling for another. It was only a matter of time before we finally did it, and I wanted it to be a night neither of us would forget.

I hadn't told Jake about my love for wetting, or my desire for diapers yet. These things aren't always put in the spotlight, you know? Also, since I'm completely coming clean, I have mild Asperger's syndrome, which makes many things in daily life more difficult than the average person may find. I, however, prefer to see my condition as a gift, because there are quite a few good things about being an aspie. Luckily, since my case is rather mild, I don't come across as too strange, and I tend to be very outgoing. However, I am outgoing because inside, I long for attention as much as if I were a starving alligator.

Anyways, so I decided that before we made it serious, and slept together, I should confess to him. I am a very honest person, so I didn't want to hide from him what is such an important aspect of my life.

Instead of coming right out and telling him, we simply texted each other the other morning, like we usually do, then headed off to class. I told him to come over after class, and that he wouldn't regret it. I planned it this way, so that if Jake wasn't okay with this, he could simply walk out the door and never come back.

In order to make my confession sincere, I hadn't gone to the bathroom all day. At this point, I was pretty desperate to go, but I was determined to hold off until the right moment. Later, Jake texted me that he was on his way. I shaking with nervousness as I carefully undressed myself. "This is it, I'm really gonna do it" I told myself as I removed my underwear, now standing naked in my room. I reached into my closet, and pulled out a fresh diaper and baby powder. I carefully powdered myself, and pulled up the tapes, and then went and put on a bathrobe. I was so excited for what came next, I started to trickle pee into my diaper already!

I took a deep breath, and grabbed my beloved blankie, a 3x1 furry blanket, so soft and warm. I then waited downstairs for Jake to arrive, and while doing so, I unconsciously started sucking on my thumb. I realized, I forgot something-my glasses! I have what some would call a "soft" face; I don't have a face that screams masculine. I am told a lot that I look cute, and my glasses, in my opinion, look really cute with my blankie and diaper<3

I hurried back down the stairs, consciuously aware that my bladder was getting very full. Finally, I heard a knock on the door. This was it! I opened the door, and took off my bathrobe, standing there, holding my blankie, in nothing more than a diaper. Jake seemed a little shocked, standing there for a second, trying to comprehend his boyfriend's sudden transformation. Meanwhile, my bladder was screaming for relief at this point. I spurted into my diaper, once, twice, and then it happened. I didn't intend to lose control so quickly, it just sorta happened.

My bladder spasmed a few more times, then the floodgates broke loose. Tears filled my eyes, and my eyes welled with tears as a faint hissing sound could be heard. Jake slowly closed the door and whispered "are you peeing?" It was rather obvious what I was doing, the apartment was dead quiet, so the hissing could be heard loud and clear, as I simply stared out into space.

Instead of replying, I broke into tears at the realization of what I was doing. Jake, sensing my distress, quickly came over and embraced me in a warm hug. What I said next was something along the lines of "Please don't be mad at me, yes I like diapers they feel so good I couldn't help myself I just started going and I couldn't stop please don't leave me I really like you-"

Jake shushed me, as he kissed me deeply, staring into my eyes with a look of pure love and arousal. I looked up at him with huge puppy dog eyes, as he said "You should have told me sooner. You wouldn't believe what I'm wearing."

To my disbelief, he pulled down his short to reveal a very wet diaper! I cried as I hugged him, refusing to let go of his body. I felt so safe in his arms, I never wanted him to leave. After several minutes, I had calmed down enough to let go of Jake. We then both looked down and turned red, as we both realized we were in wet diapers. Jake broke the ice, saying "so, does baby need a change?" to which I replied with a very enthusiastic "Yes!" as I dragged him into a very deep and passionate kiss.

What happened next is something I will never forget, but that's a story for another day....

*003*2015-03-22 22:09

Aww, thanks guys. It means a lot to hear y'all say that :D

