First Public Wetting!

Author: xkitty

*000*2022-01-27 17:00

Hello! I used to have an account on here but I deleted it for many personal reasons, but I’m finally back!

I’ve been a long time omo lover, but usually keep it contained to my home or car. Last night I felt the familiar urge in my bladder which made me tingle in other places. I really wanted to stay and have fun but I had to go to Walmart for some items before they closed. It was really kicking myself for waiting so long to go to the store, and then I thought why don’t I have some fun at Walmart. I’ve never done any sort of public wetting, I’ve always been too scared but last night I was too horny and excited. I put on a pair of black boy short panties, some sweat pants, a long sweater and my long winter coat and left before I could talk myself out of it. It was absolutely freezing last night and I had a hard time not leaking while I was driving. I parked my car and walked inside, opting to head to the grocery area first.

My first leak happened while I was grabbing some oil. I had a hard time getting it going, so I squatted down to “look” at something and managed to get a slow stream started. I don’t know if it was the cold, my nerves or the combination of both but my bladder had shot up and was screaming at a 9.5 begging for release. I quickly cut the stream and continued shopping, letting short spurts out every time I stopped, but being mindful that although my pants were dark they would show signs of wetting very quickly. I finally headed over to the cosmetics section and was looking at nail polish when my bladder involuntarily started letting go. I knew I was nearing my end. It took everything in me to stop the stream. My legs were wet down to my knees in the back so I figured it was time to go before I really humiliated myself. I went to the self check out where I somehow managed not to leak and started walking out to my car.

As soon as I seen my car my bladder spasmed and a slow steady stream started down my leg. I knew I wasn’t making it home on time so I took my jacket off and sat down. I decided to play a game on the way hone. Every time I had to stop I had to let some pee out. My car was a mixture of pee and sex. Every time I let some go I grinded my throbbing clit against my seat. By the time I turned onto my road I couldn’t stop the steady stream that had started. One last stop sign before I reached my house and I completely lost control. I couldn’t even drive, I sat there as my warm pee pooled around my bum and moved towards my legs, dripping off the non-absorbent leather seats onto the rugs below. It was in ecstasy I was moaning so loud, grinding my hips in my puddle as my bladder emptied itself. I came hard just as I finished peeing, drove home and played with myself some more before hopping into the shower.

