Desperation Communication, Her Story

Author: nakasette

*000*2010-10-30 06:46

"That snow cone was really good, i think i'll have another one."

Thought this particular beauty of a girl as she stepped up to the shop to order. She is 15, with darker blonde hair than average, with captivating eyes of brown, and the features to boot. This was a couple years before she became my girlfriend, and now the story will shift to her point of veiw, retold here as it was to me in one of our many conversations.

"I love the applefest, it's the only time i can get away from my mom in this town."

She reflected as she ate her snow cone. It really was convenient, she lived within walking distance, it was only about 5 minutes walking from her house. She was taking in all the sights and sounds around her, completely absorbed in the crowd of milling people going from booth to booth, some selling food, others novelties and shirts, the street was full for as far as one could see. About that time a drip of red icy cold juice fell out of the tip and right onto her ample bust line, shocking her back to reality.

"EEK, Cold! Oh no, it's melting, i better finish it fast."

And with that she turned out of sight of people to wipe off the red stain and quickly drank down the rest of the half melted ice.

"Ah, it's not that bad on a hot day i guess."

It was unusually hot for an october day, mid 70's, she had taken to wearing a pair of shorts and a tube top, showing off her lovely legs and well developed chest. After a bit more wandering she at last came upon the end attraction, an over complicated apple juice maker, the way it worked was it fed in an apple, then a large lid crushed and juiced it, the juice traveled into a large bucket at the bottom which after enough apples had been crushed, tipped over and filled a jug. It was kinda like something you would see in a mad scientists lab, anyway, she watched as it crushed apple after apple until finally the bucket tipped over and the juice began to pour out with a loud splashing sound. That's when the pain hit her, as she suddenly got goosebumps all over that come with the need to pee.

"Shoot, i really shouldn't have had that many snow cones, i gotta find a toilet!"

She squeezed her legs together tightly and looked around but there was no bathroom in sight.

"Where are the bathrooms? i know i saw some here earlier... Maybe near the entrance?"

She thought as she started to walk back along the long lines of the festival. This time her look at the festival was much different, all she could see were drink machines filling up huge cups full of soda, then she would look away to see a dog care freely relieving itself on a tree, and again avert her eyes just to look up at a shop window with big harsh letters reading "NO BATHROOM". Back at the entrance she was greeted by the sight she had feared most, only 4 bathrooms were set up and they already had impossibly long lines

"You would think they would put more porta johns or something, don't they realize people need to pee??"

She angrily thought to herself as her need grew worse and worse.

"Ohhh, i can't hold it much longer, how long is this going to take?".

After waiting for five minutes in line she felt herself begin to lose it,

"Ah!, no, stop!"

With all her might she willed herself not to pee, plunging both hands between her legs, finally, the urge subsided, she looked down and saw that there was a bit of dampness on her yellow shorts,

"thank god i wore yellow today, these won't show up from a distance, but i can't hold it again, if i could just make it home..."

Her house was about 5 minutes away, would she be able to walk that far?

"Well, at least it's better than waiting in this abysmal line, i just have to be quick."

With that she started the walk home, walking at first, then quickening her pace, during which she was still being subjected to various tortures of people playing in pools, watering plants, with each sight her pace grew until she was almost running with her hands in her crotch,

"almost there, almost there, you made it this far, can't embarrass yourself like this..."

She murmured to herself as her aching bladder cried out for relief, she knew if she took her hands away she would lose it, and that's when it happened, she just rounded the corner to her house when one of her breasts managed to leap out of her shirt, jarred loose from running and bouncing,

"ACK, NOT NOW!"

She started to panic as she desperately tried to put it back in with one hand, but to no avail,

"Aw screw it!"

She yelled as she covered her exposed breast and ran toward her house, up the stairs and to her front door.

"Argh, how do i open it!? Ah, it's coming!"

Another spurt was released from her bladder as she let go of her chest for a second, threw open the door and dashed for the bathroom, without any hesitation, she ripped her pants down and let it go, she was peeing before she even sat down.

"oooooohhhhhhhhhh... how can it feel so good just to pee?"

She sighed between panting and moaning in ecstasy as her stream pelted the water below making a tremendous splashing. She looked down, her underwear and shorts didn't make it out unscathed, both had a good sized splotch of wetness, but at this point she didn't care much, then she noticed something else,

"huh?"

She said as she reached up and grabbed her topless breast,

"why are my nipples so hard? And sensitive too, ah!"

She was still peeing as she lightly caressed herself,

"i hope this ends soon, I think I need to take care of something else"

She peed for a while uninterrupted, just thankful that no one had been home to see her burst through the door with a partially wet lower half and a partially exposed upper half. Finally her pee trickled into nothing and she sighed again as she just sat there enjoying her release of pressure. After which she got up, threw her panties and shorts into the laundry where they would be washed discreetly, and changed into something more comfortable to go take care of some repressed desires...

"And that's that, what did you think?"

She asked over the phone, i had been listening intently for the better part of an hour.

"I guess you learned your lesson about snow cones and tube tops eh?"

It was the only thing i could say that wouldn't give away my secret desires.

"well, maybe if your a good boy i might wear one for you someday, but i'm absolutely done with snow cones."

"Pity"

I thought to myself.

"And just what do you mean by that young lady?"

I said jokingly.

"It's a secret."

She replied with that little kid tone that had become so familiar to me. As for what happened in later days, to quote the one who would know,

"It's a secret".

