A distraction from studying...

Author: omobecca

*000*2018-04-03 00:48

Lets rewind a few months back to a night I was feeling exceptionally turned on, both before and as a result of the following, and to give in to my needs I wet some pyjamas.

If you've seen my previous experiences and comments you'll know I use mattress protectors on my bed. They are the best for both innocent and naughty accidents. I'm also in my first year of university (also hence the mattress protectors so not to ruin the bed) so have my own room which I can lock myself into and an en suite for added comfort.

This one night I was laying in bed with my headphones in listening to music. I was reading online for some course related note taking. The content of what I was reading was actually quite interesting but I was getting restless. You know when you tense, or touch down there, and that's all it takes to ignite the spark to want to keep going? I was doing so well working too...

I was wearing a band t-shirt and some comfy pyjama bottoms. The bottoms are grey with pictures spread over them. They aren't anything fancy like fleece lined, but are quite tight fitting to my legs and not restricting. Underneath I had some dark, navy blue underwear on but no bra. Keep dem boobies free.

I remember that I'd already told myself to slow down on the wettings as most of my money was being spent on mattress protectors and new cheap clothes to wet. I'm disgusting really. I always made sure I had a fresh mattress protector on every night though, when I had spare. I also only bought black sheets to reduce the chance of stains.

Anyway, I'd done a brilliant job at distracting myself from my late night work and was eager to do something... not work related?

I didn't really need to pee at that moment. I touched my crotch on the outside of the pyjamas and rubbed gently, pushing my finger slightly inwards to feel the material slide through. I tensed and pushed to see if any pee was able to come out and I felt a slight rush. About an egg cup's worth of pee shot out and soaked into the immediate fabric. It ran down the inside of the underwear slightly towards my ass and left a warm stain. I felt the outside of the pyjamas and no damage had been done. I wanted more.

I spent the next 10 minutes or so drinking what I had in my room, realising I'd have to refill some water bottles up in the sink from my bathroom. I sipped and sipped and every now and then pushed o my stomach to try and pressure my bladder into letting some go. Honestly, I never really enjoy the drinking or filling up bit. It's such a chore. The only benefit I take from this stage is that it makes me hydrated; so clearer and less smelling pee. Also, I prefer natural fullness too... like when you realise you need to pee by no purposeful means of your own. It was working though and I wasn't going to suddenly decide to stop, not whilst I was in the moment.

Within the hour of drinking, listening to music, attempting to carry on doing work, maybe getting distracted and reading up old experiences on here once or twice, I got to the stage where if I stopped holding I knew I'd pee. At first I was going to stay on my bed and go there but after checking I realised I was down to my last mattress protector. I knew I was low but not down to my last one. I didn't want to use it all up in one go. I went into my bathroom and laid down facing the ceiling. It didn't feel right at that moment and the thought of cleaning up at that time was a massive turn off. I got to my feet and stepped in the shower. I pulled the pyjamas up tight and saw the outline of my crotch in the material. I put my hand underneath and felt where the first wet spot of the night had been on my underwear. There was a slight difference in dampness of material but it had almost dried completely.

Enough stalling. I put my hands on the wall either side of me and closed my eyes. I relieved all tension and very quickly felt the release. My legs were apart but I pulled my thighs together as the warm pee started to spread down the material of the pyjamas. I felt it use both of my thighs almost like a canal to my knees where I heard it splatter against the shower. It had started to soak my butt and then dampen the seat of my underwear. I put my left hand back underneath the pyjamas and on top of the underwear. I cupped and felt the pee hit the inside of my hand like a wall. This spread the pee outwards more and started to wet different parts of the pyjama bottoms. The wetness spread outwards over my thighs and i could feel the material cling to my skin. The pee was almost over but I wasn't. I played furiously and quite quickly came.

I kept my eyes closed in the moment of euphoria and slowly rubbed my legs together to feel the cling of the wet material. I threw off the t-shirt and turned the shower on. It was late but not late enough that having a shower would be inconsiderate to the person next door. Once the water was arm I sat down and felt the torrent of the shower crash down on me and soak what wasn't already soaked. By this point i actually felt quite physically drained so just sat there and let the water clean me down.

I'll leave you there.

Becca x

