Very Desperate Day Off [video]

Author: anon789

*000*2016-04-17 14:58

It has been a while since this actually happened, so pardon any potential discrepancies between this and the video. xP Like any other time I get the opportunity to do a hold, one day I took a day off from work to stay home and test again just how much I could hold before flooding my jeans. I haven't been doing this too often, so my bladder muscles haven't seemed to have weakened enough to overcome my confidence that I would be able to hold longer this time around. I do not remember exactly how long I was able to hold, I do remember that I was successful in holding longer than usual assuming consistent intakes of water. :)

I began by consuming large quantities of water in short intervals, as I had done in previous posts. In a relatively short amount of time, say about an hour, I began feeling a bit less than comfortable. Squirming a bit, perhaps clamping my legs closed most of the time...but it wasn't until an hour more that it all really began to hit me. As I surf trivial things on the Internet, my bladder fills so rapidly that I fail to notice until I'm basically bursting. Panicked, I run to the bedroom to fetch some dirty towels and clothes, rush over to the staircase, and carefully descend seeing as I couldn't exert any extra control over holding it in. It was absolutely excruciating - not only did I feel extreme and painful pressure in my bladder as I did this, but it was beginning to tickle a bit down there...as it the impending flood has forced some of itself into my urethra.

I quickly place the towels and clothes beneath me, mount my phone against a clothes bin on the nearby ping-pong table, and begin my desperate descent... Knowing that I could release at any moment now made the hold all the more difficult, so much so that I was no longer able to think straight. Not hunching over and holding myself tightly was not an option - I could feel it desperately trying to leak out. In the midst of dancing more than I have danced since senior year prom, I feel it not taking "no" for an answer: it squirts out in several intermittent leaks, large enough to produce a palm-sized patch on my crotch. I was able to stop it. My hands were wet...I could smell the damage I'd done, and with that came ever more difficult spasms of desperation.

Having let out that much meant that, at this point, the only things separating the impending flood from my pants was some small space of urethra. It was going to come out no matter what I do now. If I were to rush to the bathroom, yeah, no, it would only explode faster. So I held on for a few moments more, but as anticipated...the dam broke hard. I spurted several times into my hands, pee flowing outwardly to my jeans pockets and down to my thighs. My hands were dripping, my crotch was dripping...there was so much that my thick jeans were unable to contain it even at the beginning of the flood. Sighing in relief, I allowed the warmth to spread...occasionally moving my legs so that the stream wouldn't soak through the towels in one spot and into the carpet.

Visualize all that for yourself, and then you may see the whole thing. ;)

{: 

%20160321_122120.mp4

}}

Disclaimer: I am embarrassed about the vocalizations...just know what you're about to watch. xP

*005*2016-04-17 15:09

{{: 

Superb video, the vocals were so hot <3

}}

Thanks! I hope my experience here is similar to what you're going through right now. xD

{{:

Best video ever boo, so happy you shared it with everyone <3

}}

@x3 Only gettin' better. I hope. I should start doing things other than jeans though...in the meantime, one step further in getting over some embarrassment? xP

{{:

Why in the world would you be embarrassed about the vocalizations? Jeez! More videos need to be like that.

Thanks so much for sharing!!

}}

Because it's also the first time I spoke English really in a video here. But I will likely take your suggestion and run with it. ^^

*007*2016-04-17 15:12

{{:

Starting to get that way, watchign yoru video didn't help

}}

Haha, don't worry, I'll be sure to encourage you in ambiguous ways on the Live-Action Thread.

