Wet myself in leggings

Author: NearNudeLayla

*000*2018-10-13 20:57

Its been a while since ive posted. Im at work so please forgive my sloppiness and spelling mistakes.

Recently, I was talked into wearing leggings. I wants to try getting into wearing pants (since i only ever found myself comfortable in skirts and dresses). I decided a good first step would be leggings. It felt weird as hell having something wrapping around my legs, slightly squeezing them, but my legs were warm, and the leggings were actually very comfortable. I put a skirt on over my leggings and spent most of the day with them on. Eventually, i ended up playing a game, and i had to pee. I figured I'll just go ahead and hold it. An hour passes, and im near the end of the game, and my bladder was threatening to let loose any minutes. While i did make it to the end of my game without wetting myself, it felt like it took me an hour to get to the bathroom. 

But as i tried to maneuver my skirt up and pull my leggings down, i had realized that they had folded on each other while i was sitting on my couch. My leggings and skirt were both black and thin, so seeing how to undo the situation was more difficult than i could handle. After a couple seconds of fidgeting with my clothes by the toilet, i ended up peeing myself. Partly on accident, and partly on purpose. I enjoyed the feeling so much more in leggings than i did in a skirt or dress. I actaully continued to wear them after relieving myself in them since the skirt stayed dry. Wearing the skirt, there was no indication i had peed. I cleaned the floor by the toilet real quick and went back out to my couch and decided to boot up the sims 4. I figured I'd redo my character's wardrobe.

Another story to come hopefully later today. I may get the chance to write it.

*002*2018-10-14 00:33

{{Just now, Clownpiece said:

Cute story! ^u^

}}

Thank you

