Sufficient Stimulus

Author: Kiddchaos

*000*2018-04-30 20:39

So recently I tried something new. I’ve never had the “hand in warm water” trick done to me nor have I tried it on anyone else. Now I can’t exactly expect to fall asleep with me hand in water but what I can do is wash some dishes while my need is high. These are two recent stories of my experiences.

Let me start by describing myself. I’m about 6’2” and about 240 pounds depending on when you weigh me. In the first experience I was just wearing a pair of plaid shorts, a light blue and white combination and for the second round I chose a pair of jeans with a liberal amount of flex in them. They’re way too small for comfort but in these instances they’re quite fun. They’re also a super light wash which makes for a great contrast.

So the first time I was messaging someone about omorashi related matters online and realized I needed to go. About an hour before I had felt some twinges of discomfort but they passed as I distracted myself. I told my friend I was going to try to make my need worse by washing some dishes which they thought was a great idea.

As I let the water warm up (second floor of an old building) I stand there and listen to the water running and it’s quite unhelpful but I soldier on. I begin cleaning and my need seemingly subsided for a few moments but shortly thereafter I feel it again.

I begin to lean against the counter to help keep myself from leaking, shuffling my legs back and forth and occasionally come into a slight squat. You know classic pee dance.

It didn’t seem like enough of a challenge so I decided to take a bowl I just finished cleaning and fill it with hot water. I increased the temperature of the water to make my ability to hold less strong and rested my hand in the bowl. I relaxed for a moment. Listening to to running water, feeling the warmth against my skin and relaxing my bladder’s hold. Right up until I almost went. Clamped off there and went back to cleaning. Oh I wanted to go so so badly.

With the temperature ramped up my pee dance has increased in frequency to a near constant movement. It was around then it happened. I leaked. Now it wasn’t a huge leak but my shorts are a thin material and the wetness quickly spread. I had a spot about the size of a softball on my crotch and continued cleaning. The rate at which I was dancing had increased significantly but I’m determined to finish what I’d started.

I’d never had a full blown accident before this and previous holds left me with a lot of pain so I didn’t think my need was quite so bad.

I leaked again. This time it was worse. The wetness spread across my lap and down my shorts nearly to the point of dripping off. I dropped my sponge and tried to back away from the counter. I leaked every time I moved. I realized as I stood holding my crotch in the middle of my kitchen I wouldn’t make it 20 feet to the bathroom without peeing the whole way there. So I gave in.

I felt a familiar rush of warmth in my lower region. My shorts were quickly soaked and I watched as the liquid quickly ran across my kitchen floor. There were multiple streams falling from the right leg of my shorts as they made their way to my foot. It felt incredible. I’ve never gotten to the point of not being able to hold before and never came near it without immense pain.

I stopped the flow about twenty seconds in realizing that the lowest part of my kitchen happens to be below my oven. I didn’t want to have to move it for clean up so I made my way to the shower and finished relieving myself and got cleaned up. I then went and cleaned up the kitchen and had some time to myself to enjoy those moments.

Fast forwarding a week I decided to try this again but with my favorite pair of jeans to wet. I woke up and needed to go but not immensely so I drank a large cup of water and began cleaning. I filled the dish drainer with only one very minor leak. Probably just a drop or two and then started drying them. I finished that and decided I needed more persuasion. I drank another large cup of water and sat down to play some video games for 10-15 minutes. After a lap around the Nurburgring I went back to cleaning.

I was back to dancing around in much the same manner as before and when I was nearly done I felt myself nearly leak. I had the thought go through my head “I’m gonna pee my pants” and backed away from the sink. This time I planned ahead and had a towel laid down to stop my relief from making its way under the sink. I stood there for only a moment before it stated pouring out of me. I stood there for what felt like a minute and a half just peeing. I watched as it spread across my lap and down my jeans but eventually just threw my head back and moaned slightly in relief. When I looked back down I was standing in a puddle that surrounded me on all sides and had two large streams running towards my towel.

I peeled my clothes off and used them along with the towel to dry up my mess. I then took a shower and got some laundry in. For hours after I just felt this immense feeling of relaxation. Quite an experience.

I hope you’ve enjoyed my story and I’d love to hear feedback my writing and your personal experiences with this idea.

