Wet myself while gaming

Author: Averylynn

*000*2017-01-14 19:12

I've been pretty into the idea of pissing yourself while in the midst of gaming since I first discoversed omo about four years ago, but I don't game much. Yesterday, though, I managed to find myself in the rare prediciment where I was gaming, I had to pee, and I was horny.

The game I was playing was "Don't Starve" and I don't know of any of you have played it before, but it's a lot of fun and one of the few games my shitty laptop can handle. I've had don't starve together for two years now, but I only recently got the one player game, so I've been playing that, it's a lot easier than the multilayer by the way, but I still die a lot. Around when I got to day thirteen, I made the decision to not get up to pee till I died. Just to be safe when night time came, I grabbed a towel off the floor and put it underneath me so I wouldn't pee on my bed.

Everything started off fine. For those of you who haven't played it before, it's a pretty chill game and with the exception of days hounds attack and the days I decided to hunt, I was abe to easily focus on both my game and my need to pee, which was only at about a 6 at this point.

Of course, on day 17, I had to find a tree gaurd, one of the higher level monsters that spawn when you cut down a tree. Unless you're farther in the game, there's not really much you can do to kill them so you just have to make them follow you to a pig village or something to kill you. The nearest pig village wasn't even a days walk from my base, but thanks to that fucking treegaurd it took three days.

After a day of leading the tree gaurd over there my desperation had kept to an 8 and I was hoping it would kill me soon.

The process was torturous, but I only needed one hand to deal with the gaurd so I slipped the other between my legs and started holding myself under my laptop. When night fell for the second time, I waliked the rest of the way to the pig village, set their forest on fire for warmth, and stole all their berries.

At that point I was at piece, so much so that I decided to let a couple long streams of pee out. It wasn't not icicle through my jeans, with the exception of a slightly wet crotch, but the edge was off enough that I was ready to probably die the next day and then piss myself.

When morning came I continued on leading the tree gaurd to his death. In the process of doing that though I actually managed to kill him. I was so mad that I spent three days, just before winter, dealing with that instead of collecting supplies I tried to force another stream at, but I got stopped by something that hasn't stopped me in ages.

I couldn't pee.

I had to go so bad, and even more because I was trying. Tears whelled up in my eyes, my panties were soaked from two different kinds of desperation, but I couldn't force out another drop.

It was almost midnight by this point, and I really had to pee and didn't want to have to waste it in the toilet so I got up and tried to just pee standing there.

It kind of worked, but it also woke up my puppy so I had to take him outside. Finally, while standing outside I managed to pee myself for a solid thirty seconds, before I realized how cold my jeans were. For the next two minutes, while I was waiting for my pup, I let out small spurts, mostly just to warm my pants back up, as well as by now cuting my stream off wasn't working as well.

Finally I managed to get back inside, stood right on a pile of laundry and emptied the rest of my bladder into my jeans. After another minute my stream slowed down, I threw my pants in the washer, and went to take care of myself whIle still wearing my soaked panties

*007*2017-01-19 00:33

{{On 14/01/2017 at 0:11 PM, amberpee said:

Oh my gosh! I was so addicted to this game, but I got frustrated with certain parts and didn't feel like building back up after a while. Loved your recounting of your experience especially how you kept spurting little bits out.

}}

Ahaha thank you so much!! Yeah it's a really frustrating game and I hate that, but everything else about pulls me in, I can't escape it lmao

{{On 14/01/2017 at 5:49 PM, JulesH said:

Love the game, but for people who never played this story may sound very weird. lol

}}

Yeah haha I was worried about that when I posted this haha I figured at least some pepole wold know what I'm talking about and if not they'd still enjoy the story

{{On 15/01/2017 at 5:05 AM, Riptide101 said:

Awesome story. :)

Ah don't starve... I owned the game for years but only recently got into it myself. My girl and I spent an ungodly amount of time trying to make it through winter. Then longer through spring and summer lol.

}}

Thank you so much!! I still habe never made it past three days into the summer, I can't believe there are some people who can!

{{On 15/01/2017 at 2:27 PM, couchesoleil said:

Great story! And yes, I am also a big fan of the game. Have only played the tropics version lately, but never made it beyond the volcano eruptions. Super tricky, that!

}}

Thank you so much!! I want to try shipwrecked but I can hardly survive through winter or the raining frogs I doubt I could survive everything that shipwrecked throws at you!

{{On 17/01/2017 at 9:27 AM, Kronosphere said:

Irrelevant, but you can neutralize a tree guard by planting saplings near it

}}

Yess I did that at night while I was trying to lead the treegaurd away from my base. My base wasn't super close to the forest I planted, but when you neutralize them they wander around and I didn't want to accidently run into him again haha

