Waking up desperate

Author: Omoguy115

*000*2021-09-10 13:10

Ok so coming to think about it there have been plenty of times when I woke up for sleeping or taking a small nap really desperate to pee so I jus thought I would share a few.

The first one i could remember literally happen about 2 days ago. I came home from work smoked a joint and fell asleep chilling on my bed. When I woke up it was dark outside and my bladder was swollen I had to go now so I jumped out of bed and went straight for the toilet only to find the door locked apparently my sister was in there. I instantly leaked and tried to go back to my room now im holding for dear life and the leaks are coming fast leaving a small wet stop on the joggers I fell asleep in. I realize that I couldn't wait and was about to pee myself so I ran outside through the back door and as soon ans I was outside I went toward the wall wipe it out and let out all my pee.

The second time I could think of was last year during the lockdown period. I was woken up by my bladder i think I did a hold the night before so my bladder was weak anyway I woke up and leaked checked under my sheets to analyze the damage not to bad so I get up and go to the toilet when I open the door I saw my grandmother sitting on the toilet I guess she didn't lock the door and I was to desperate for knocking. Seeing her on the toilet made my heart race cuz I had started leaked and I couldn't stop so I close the bathroom door and ran out and peed in my front yard.

This the third and final one I could think of right now. So this time I kinda put myself in the situation but I woke up and looked at my phone while using it I felt a urge to pee but I engorged it I stay in bed for about a hour and a half then my bladder started acted up so I decided to go pee on my way to the bathroom i noticed my grandmother walking behind me she then ask if I was going to the bathroom I said yes. She ask if she could go first and I said yes cuz she'd most likely pee herself if she waited. So she went in that when I noticed how bad I really had to go. I've never been the kinda of person to wait outside the bathroom for someone to come out so I went back to my room.

When my grandmother finished she came in the room and told me so now im heading to the bathroom only to see my stepmom go to take a shower now I'm starting to panic. Then she calls me apparently there was no soap in the bathroom and she wanted to get ond from where we kept it so I got the soap. When I walked into the bathroom I leaked and the water sounds for the shower made everything worst. I gave her the soap and left tge bathroom still as desperate as every. Normal she doesn't take long shower but that day was different I guess cuz she spent 30min in there. Well at this point I'm frantic for the bathroom and was considering the back yard method. Finally she came out and I rushed in leaking all the way to the toilet I made in tho but not without a huge wet spot on my boxer

*002*2021-09-12 03:08

{{8 hours ago, Windows XPee said:

Peeing in your front yard in the second story - you MUST have been desperate lol! Hopefully none of your neighbours saw you!

}}

Yes i was leaking and actually left a small trail behind me

