Basically your conventional running accident

Author: Alice grey

*000*2017-05-22 20:52

Recently me and my girlfriend of a few years are taking a break to deal with our personal issues. Of course this (for me) is frustrating and when I become frustrated i turn to running.

Running is a sport i have taken part in many times in my life though ive never done any more than a half marathon.

Yesterday evening i decided to go for a run in hopes to escape my frustrations and be productive, i suited up in my black nulon nike running pants and my sports bra and bright neon pink (adidas) trainers and decided to set my distance to 5 miles.

As i ran the first mile i felt a pressing feeling in my stomach- thinking it was just from not running for a while i ignored the uncomfortable feeling that by the second mile had grown into an itching discomfort. I knew at that point that i needed the toilet.

Sure i probably could have stopped at that point and done a sneaky one in the bushes but i was doing good time and i didnt want to mess up my breathing or pace by stopping, besides the leggings where black and a very thick nylon material so even if i was exposed most people would probably just think i was sweating like a pig in heat.

As i continued anwards i flirted with the idea of stopping this time i must admit i was conditioning with myself "every runner pees themselves sometimes, especially during things like marathons" of course (except for the marathon part which may or may not be true) this was a load of bs. So i was faced with two real options

1. Keep running and pee as you run

2. Stop to pee in a bush

3. Try to hold it till you get back home and then do one of the above

Naturally i attempted number three and very nearly suceeded. I almost finished the fifth mile and get halfway down the yard before my bladder gave out. It was a strange feeling in the wetsuit like material very warm and also tingly in a strange way. Luckily none of the neighbours were out because even though the black material hid most of the damage im very sure calling a puddle of pee on the ground a puddle of sweat is less than convincing, i was right though i did manage to reduce my frustration.

