Bursting with vibrator on

Author: Ally98

*000*2017-01-22 00:51

Like I've said in my last experience, me and my bf are now open to each other with omorashi. A few weeks or so have passed since last time and we've had a bit of 'fun' intermittently in the period between. But last night, my bf tried something different.

For those of you who don't know, I came on this site because I was unsure what to feel about my omorashi fetish. It was nice finding support here from people who shared the same preferences. Ever since I opened up to my bf about omorashi, I felt the need to share here dwindle. But I would like to share with you what happened last night, and it would be great if you can give me your opinion on it.

Last night, my bf asked me whether I was up to another night of 'fun'. I said yes but it was still early and we haven't even had dinner yet. Just when I was about to ask him what he had in mind, he said we were going to do it outside. I was a little shocked to hear this. My bf likes to watch me hold my pee, but no matter how desperate I get, there's always a toilet nearby at home. Needless to say I didn't want to hold my pee outside, and it is always super embarrassing if I end up so desperate to have to hold myself in public. But my bf has always been so protective and thoughtful and to go against his one request would be poor repayment. Just when I was about to tell him I was ok to it, he brought out something I've always been too embarrassed to look at, let alone use. He brought out a vibrator.

It was a gift from my friend. She thinks me and my bf are, in her words, the cutest couple ever (awww :D ) and since I also played a role in setting her up with her bf, she decided to express her love and thanks by giving me a vibrator! It was the most awkward moment ever when I received that thing, unwrapped, in public. I think I blushed harder that time than when my bf confessed his feelings to me (another long story XD ). Anyway, with all good intentions, my friend wanted to 'enhance' my relationship with my bf with that thing, but I've honestly been to shy of the thought of using it and therefore it has stayed boxed and unused. 

So when I saw my bf take that thing out, I became really nervous. My bf saw the look on my face and calmly reassured me that it's perfectly natural to use a sex toy and that there's nothing for me to feel shy about. He took out the vibrator, which had the shape of a small bead, and it even had a remote. My bf asked whether it was ok to put it on me. I nodded. He then pulled up my skirt. Gosh thinking back I think that was one of the shyest moments I've had in front of my bf, I don't know why but I'm just really awkward around sexual matters. He slipped it inside my panties, and pushed it between the lips of my vagina. My vagina is really sensitive and having that thing on, without turning it on, was already making my knees weak. All things set, we went out for dinner.

After dinner my bladder was starting to build. I already had to pee a little when I was at home, and I had to go pretty badly by the time dinner was over. We went to a park for a walk. Luckily for me, it was quiet and deserted but for a few people lolling in park benches. I love wrapping my arms around my bf's arm when we walk and this time I did it out of necessity. Every step I took the vibrator pressed against me, and it was hard for me to walk straight like that. My bf asked me how I felt. I told him I had to pee pretty badly and we should find I toilet fast in case I peed myself in public. To him that was the cue to turn on the vibrator. He pressed the button on his remote, and I almost knelt down when the vibrator turned on. It felt nothing like when my bf played with my vagina.

I clutched my bf's arm harder and hid my face in his chest to stop myself from squealing out loud. I could feel my bladder loosing control. We walked on in the slowest pace ever, me latched onto my bf. After a while he turned it off, and I let out a long sigh of relief. I reached under my skirt and felt my panties. Luckily I still haven't peed myself. I turned to my bf and pleaded him to go home with me. I told him I couldn't hold my pee for long with the vibrator on and I didn't want to wet myself in public. I expected my bf to realize how hard this was for me, and to listen to me and go home. But instead he asked me whether I wanted him to turn the vibrator on again. I immediately begged him not to, and told him he could do it to me at home. His expression looked rapt when I was begging him, and I was honestly a little hurt to see him enjoying this.

But he listened to me and we got to his car. The car was next to a public toilet and I was really dying to pee. I asked my bf whether I could go but my bf said I had to wait till we got home. I really didn't want to pee in the car but my bf had started the engines already, and so I followed him.

The drive home was long. I had to pee really bad, and I was really starting to regret agreeing to my bf's request. But ironically, when I crossed my legs, the vibrator pressed aptly on my pee hole, and it actually helped me hold it in. My bf kept peeking at me and I was honestly scared he might lose attention to the road. Then out of nowhere, the turned the vibrator on again. I immediately bent down on my seat. I had the feeling of almost loosing control of my bladder and orgasming again, but it never came. I felt like I was on the brink of peeing myself but I didn't, and the feeling of approaching an orgasm was getting stronger. I wanted to tell my bf to turn it off since i didn't want to pee in his car, but my words came out as moans instead.

It turns out the vibrator has a power setting, and my bf had only just set it to its minimum. He turned it up, and the vibration became stronger. I clutched my vagina to keep myself from peeing, but that only pressed to vagina against me even harder. Then I realised we had stopped moving. It turns out we were home already, but my bf decided to be quiet on it just to watch me. I felt hurt again, since I was struggling so much just to keep his car clean. I opened the door, and the moment I stepped out, I knelt on the floor and peed. Again, luckily for me, there were no neighbours around. I was still clutching onto my vagina so hard my skirt became soaked, and I left a giant puddle on the floor. But I still haven't orgasmed yet. By bf picked me up and put me in the shower. Not going to detail what he did, but with the vibrator, I had the longest orgasmed I've ever had in my life.

After all that when we went to sleep, I told my bf how difficult it was for me to hold it in public. Then I asked him why he seemed to enjoy it when I begged him not to turn on the vibrator and let me pee. He said I looked very cute when I did, and he just couldn't resist it. He said he was sorry if I didn't like it, and we both went to sleep happy.

While It's nice to hear my bf compliment my appearances, don't you think it's a little callous to like to see me beg? I would never like to see my bf beg, or is this another one of those boy girl differences? Do boys really like seeing girls beg? My relationship with my bf is good, but I would really like to know whether he's normal to like seeing me beg him to let me pee. Hope I don't waste your time with this and thank you in advance if you replied :)

*008*2017-01-27 05:58

{{On 1/22/2017 at 11:25 PM, satyr said:

Sounds like he enjoys a little bit of domination. This is perfectly normal. Certainly not something everyone is into, but many are. It's not a boy/girl thing, it's a kink thing. I suggest you have a good talk about it. Even if it's embarrassing, it's going to save you a lot of pain later on and can open the door to a lot of fun. Establish what is and isn't okay - what's a hard limit, what's a soft limit, and what you'd be willing to experiment with. Sounds like overall you enjoyed the experience, but you're a bit conflicted. I suggest just considering whether this is something you'd be okay with doing more of, or if you feel like this was going a bit too far.

If you can't stand being made to beg, tell him and I'm sure he'll respect that. But if you're okay with doing it up to a certain point, it really pays off to discuss openly what is and isn't okay. No one is a mind reader - not you, not us, and not your boyfriend. So open communication is really key. Maybe playing like this in public is a bit too scary, so perhaps it's an idea to do it at home next time. You can always lock the bathroom and give your bf the key - that way, you can play out the same kind of scenario without risking any public embarrassment.

Have fun!

}}

You're very kind, thank you for your suggestions :)

