Music festival desperation

Author: sttl88

*000*2022-05-12 15:15

These are a few short stories about my experiences with some ex girlfriends at music festivals. I’ve only typed one out so far but there have been a few and I’ll keep adding if you’re interested! Would love to hear other people’s stories too!

Music festivals in the UK are awesome. Muddy fields, camping, drinking beer and cider all day, toilets miles away with long queues… you get the idea. The first time I went to one with a girlfriend, we had been drinking a bunch of cider and were heading back to our tent after the last acts finished. It was Leeds festival, if any of you are UK music fans. In 2005 maybe?

“Are there toilets round here?” She asked quietly as we were walking past some pop up food vans. There were not.

We stopped to take a look around and she kept shifting and stepping from one foot to another. “God I need a wee - I needed it for that whole last act and now it’s really bad” she crossed one leg over the other and curtseyed a little.

“I think those ones in our campsite might be the closest” I said, truthfully. It was only a 5 minute walk from where we were.

She bit her bottom lip. “Ok - can we go there quick please?” She rummaged in her bag for some toilet paper and as she did so a wave of desperation hit her hard. “Aahhhh” she whimpered and stopped looking, walking quickly round in circles, lifting her legs high to cross them as she stepped. “Don’t you find when you are looking for something it makes you need to pee even worse?” She asked me “always when I’m looking for my keys at home”

I nodded and made a mental note to ask her about that later.

“Let’s go before I wet myself” she said and started marching off.

She was pretty quiet on the walk back and I could barely say anything as I was too obsessed with watching her desperate walk. She undid the top button of her jeans and every now and then would pull up the waistband of her panties to add a bit of pressure to her crotch. She would go through phases of walking quickly and purposefully, to walking gingerly and grinding her hips. It was a spectacular show.

As we approached the porta-potties, she started running. As you can imagine, there was a huge queue. End of the day - everyone drinking, some of them were out of order because they were full.

She turned to me, a worried look on her face. Her hands grabbed at her crotch, one inside her open jeans, one outside. “I can’t hold it” she whispered. “Help me!”

She was clearly on the very edge and I genuinely wanted to help her. “Let’s go back to our tent, you can pee between the tents, nobody will see”

She nodded. “Quickly”

The tent wasn’t that far, but it was a winding, narrow path which was mostly guesswork between the tents. She was panting, grabbing her crotch, stepping from one foot to the other and saying “quickly, quickly” over and over again.

Finally we saw our tent. She started running again, both hands inside her jeans, which were falling down a little because of all the movement. I don’t know exactly what she was hoping for at our tent, but she didn’t make it.

“Fuck fuck fuck noooooo” she moaned and pulled her hands away. I could see a dark patch spreading in her jeans. Frantically, she pulled her jeans down, pee spraying everywhere, being pushed out with such force that it forced its way through her soaking panties , spraying all over her jeans as she pulled them down, all over her legs and then, finally, on the muddy floor. She stood there, barely even squatting, as pee poured out of her and kept pouring and pouring, unstoppable.

Finally, after she had finished, she looked over at me, embarrassed. Luckily, nobody else had come near us, so she took her jeans and panties off, put them in a plastic bag from her handbag and we walked back to the tent with her naked from the waist down and glistening with pee.

*003*2022-05-12 23:42

{{4 hours ago, jango said:

Awesome story! Do you remember what color/style panties she had on and whether or not she got them off with her jeans?

}}

I really don’t remember. Sorry! It was kind of dark. I wish I remembered every detail!

Ok here is another one. Same girl. I have one more story about this girl I think (unless I remember some more!) I will post it soon.

That same festival, we woke up in our tent the morning it was time to leave. Outside, you could hear the sounds of thousands of people packing up their tents and leaving.

In our sleeping bags we kissed and cuddled a little, trying to put off the inevitable time where we would have to get up into the cold air.

“Mmph I really have to wee” she said. My heart started beating faster. “Been desperate for ages but didn’t want to get up. Feel!” This girl was the opposite of shy. She didn’t know about my omorashi thing, just was super comfortable in her body. She took my hand and gingerly moved it down her stomach. Her bladder was rock hard. She kissed me and moved my hand lower, into her panties. She was slippery and wet between her legs.

She gave a quick yelp as my fingers brushed her clit. “Wait! I’ll pee all over the sleeping bag. I’m about to burst! Just wait a minute I’ll pee outside the tent and be back to finish this”. I almost told her not to go, but lost my courage at the last minute.

She got out the sleeping bag, dressed in just an old tshirt and panties, and started looking for some shorts or trousers to put on. The search was hard, it was a complete mess in the tent, and every few seconds she had to stop, curtsey and grab her crotch. It was a pretty big tent that you could stand up in.

“Fuck this is bad” she kept saying. “Fuck I have to piss”

Eventually, after much desperate squirming, she found some shorts. As she bent down to put them on i saw a wet patch on her panties. She had leaked at least once. She grabbed her crotch again as she tried to pull her shorts up with one hand, stepping frantically from foot to foot. With her shorts barely on, she struggled with the tent zip, one hand still buried in her crotch.

“Back in a sec!” She said, and disappeared outside.

It was almost literally a second. She came back in with a pained and worried expression. “There are so many people everywhere, there’s nowhere to pee. Oh my god I cant hold it - its about to come out. Fuck fuck fuck!”

Dancing, stepping, two hands in her crotch, pacing around the small area she could stand in the tent, whimpering, frantically massaging her crotch to physically hold back the flow. “Help me” she whimpered.

I could barely think straight but I couldn’t not help her. We were about to pack the tent away anyway, so I moved some stuff and started pulling up the ground sheet in one corner. “If I pull this up you can pee here” I said.

“Oh god hurry hurry please hurry” she started tearing her shorts down again, and then her panties, until she was stood there naked from the waist down, both hands in her crotch.

“I can’t hold it any more!” She said. I had only taken out a few pegs and there wasn’t much earth to aim for yet so I kept pulling at the ground sheet. But she wasn’t kidding. It really was the end of the road for her tortured, bursting bladder.

“It’s coming out! Move!” She stepped onto the ground that I had exposed, her hands and crotch right by my face, as pee started to push its way out. I backed away reluctantly as she started to attempt to squat down. It sprayed off her fingers for a moment before she moved her hands and a waterfall of pee squirted out of her, spraying her legs and thundering on to the ground. She must have peed for a whole minute, full force. It was amazing.

*005*2022-05-14 08:43

Same girl, different festival. Cant remember which one, but maybe Glastonbury, given the long drive time.

We got a bus down to the festival and it was one of those super cheap Megabus ones with no bathroom on board. It was maybe a 5 hour drive and on the way down we stopped once and everyone used the bathroom. No dramas. The fun was on the way back.

Returning from festivals is tough, you’re hungover, the music is over and you’re tired from several nights of bad sleep, drinking and dancing. Consequently, we both slept for most of the first half of the journey. When we stopped half way, I got out to use the bathroom. I didn’t really need to go but I knew there was at least two hours left and probably more with traffic. My girlfriend told me she didn’t need to go.

“Are you sure? It’s a long way home still and this is the only stop?” I asked

“You sound like my mum!” She complained. “I’m fine!”

I shrugged and left to go pee. Got back on the bus, back to snoozing.

About an hour later, I get nudged awake.

“How far left to go, do you think?”

I looked out the window and saw a sign. “Hard to say, maybe an hour and a bit?”

“Fuck” she bit her bottom lip. Then I noticed she had slipped one leg under herself and was sitting on her heel. “I need to pee”. As if to show me she wriggled around on her foot, grinding it in to her crotch. She saw me looking. “Badly.”

She turned to look out the window and I kept my eyes fixed on her hips. They would wiggle rapidly for a few seconds and then she would keep perfectly still for maybe a minute before another wave hit her and she would wiggle again.

Half an hour later, the wiggling had got longer and the stillness much shorter. She was almost constantly moving now. She turned to me again and I pretended I hadn’t been watching her this whole time.

“How far now?”

It was still about 40 miles and I told her so. “Maybe half an hour, if there’s no traffic “

“I feel like I’m about to explode,” she whispered, looking genuinely worried. “What if I can’t hold it that long?!” She was pushing herself down onto her heel now by grabbing the edges of the seat and pulling, increasing the pressure on her crotch.

“Oh god oh god please hurry.” The girl was beside herself. “It’s going to come out! Find something for me to pee in!” She was wearing a skirt which had mostly ridden up to her waist with all the squirming, so peeing into something would have been relatively easy.

She had now abandoned any pretense of hiding her predicament from me (although she was still managing to keep pretty quiet so the rest of the bus didn’t know). Both hands were thrust into her crotch and she was bouncing up and down. “Oh god oh god oh god. I have never been this desperate in my life”

I rummaged around in our bags but neither of us had anything. The water bottles we had were either finished and put in the bin when we stopped or in the bottom of the bus with our big bags. I told her we had nothing. She just nodded, put one hand inside her panties and started furiously massaging her pussy. I almost came right there.

Somehow, she made it through the next 30 minutes or so, and we pulled into the bus park. A bleak expanse of concrete with a few other buses scattered around. There were no toilets in sight.

“Fuck fuck please hurry please hurry fuck” she was muttering under her breath as people started to get off the bus. We were close to the back and you know what these things are like - people faff around getting their stuff together and it takes time. Her breathing was shallow, her legs grinding together and her hands were buried in her crotch (outside her clothes now).

Slowly we made out way forward and slowly she got closer to the outside of the bus. It must have been torture. “I can’t hold it,” she whispered to me, “I’m leaking!”

We took the last step of the bus and she hobbled towards a fence. No idea where she was going, but she only managed about 10 steps before the dam burst. We had gone behind the bus a little so nobody else could see what was happening but pee exploded from under her skirt as she walked, streaming down her legs and splashing onto the floor. She kept walking for a few steps and then realised it was pointless and just stood there, legs apart, pee cascading from under her skirt. The look of relief on her face was amazing.

*008*2022-05-18 00:34

Here’s another one - different girl this time. Glastonbury festival again though. I wasn’t actually there for this one but she called me several times while it was happening and then I got her to relive it in detail afterwards. I’ll call her Robyn.

Robyn had been drinking and watching music all day with a group of girlfriends, one of whom was a particularly good friend, I’ll call her Jane. I got my first drunken phone call about 8pm. I couldn’t hear much because of the loud music but Robyn was drunk and having a great time. They had managed to get really close to the front for a favourite band by slowly edging forwards over the last hour, while steadily drinking. I’ll recount this as I was told it, with little snippets from the phone calls.

Jane had to pee, badly, but they were right at the front of the crowd and so either they could force their way backwards or go over the railing at the front and be taken to the back by security. Either way, they would lose their space for their favourite act. Not ideal.

Jane said it would be fine and she could wait, but as the music went on she was more and more desperate. She started stepping from foot to foot and occasionally curtseying down and grabbing her crotch. She was frantically looking around as if a toilet would have appeared somewhere.

By this time, Robyn was starting to get pretty desperate too and seeing Jane’s pee dancing was making her need more acute. Added to that, the crowd was bustling and bumping around, jolting both girls’ bladders violently. Robyn told me that at this point she was about an 8/10. She wasn’t one to hold her crotch (sadly), she always said it made her need to pee worse, her desperation move was stomping from foot to foot and crossing her legs. She was doing this constantly at this point, but it was easy to disguise it in the crowd.

After another 5 minutes, Jane had her hand in her crotch pretty much the whole time. She was squirming around next to Robyn, their desperate bodies squeezed up against each other by the crowd.

“God I have to piss so fucking bad” said Jane.

“Me too,” replied Robyn “We will make a run for it after this act finishes” Just imagining running to the toilet made her cross her legs extra tight as pee tried to surge out of her. “Ahhhh thinking about toilets makes it so much worse!”

“Stop it stop it stop it” cried Jane, both hands in her crotch now, her white skirt pushed against her panties so hard she was straining with her arms.

“Oh fuck I can’t do this,” she suddenly said. “I’m pissing myself!” She Poured the rest of her drink on the floor and jammed the cup under her skirt, pulling her panties to the side. Pee was already shooting out of her and it thundered into the cup, filling it up quickly. She jammed her hand back against her pussy while she emptied the cup onto the floor and then kept peeing in it a second time. With all the music, nobody had really noticed (besides, this happens all the time at festivals), and with the crowd moving a large amount of pee had soaked both Jane’s and Robyn’s legs, but they were both drunk and didn’t care. Jane dropped the cup on the ground and turned back to enjoy the music.

Robyn was beside herself. Seeing (and feeling) her friend peeing so much and so close to her had sent her bladder into overdrive. From my phone call shortly afterwards:

“Oh my god I was so desperate. I was on the verge of losing control, but I was wearing light denim shorts so it would have been so obvious. Every few seconds I would have to stop, cross my legs super hard and try with all my strength to keep it in, but even then I was letting leaks go into my pants. They were soaking wet. I knew I only had about a minute left before I exploded completely.”

So she did the only thing she could think of, which was to copy Jane. She poured her drink on the floor and tried to pull both her shorts and her panties aside, but the thick denim was too difficult to move to get the whole cup in there.

“I was seriously losing it at this point. I was frantically trying to hold it in. The most desperate I’ve ever been because I was holding relief in my hand, I just couldn’t fit it under my crotch. It was torture, and I was soaking wet by this point, leaking loads.”

So she ripped the top off the cup (paper cups) so it was about 6-7 cm deep, managed to get it inside her shorts and panties just as she lost control. Obviously, this smaller cup filled up way quicker than Jane’s did and so after a tiny little bit of relief, she had to try to stop peeing.

“Oh my god, it was agony. I just wanted so desperately to piss but I had to stop because that fucking cup was so small now. I needed it so so badly. And I tried so hard to stop but I physically couldn’t.”

She couldn’t stop the flow, she tried stepping from foot to foot but couldn’t cross her legs because the cup full of pee was still wedged in her panties, and the cup was harder to get out of shorts that it was out of a skirt, so by the time she had removed the cup, she had poured most of the pee in the cup over herself anyway and was peeing full force into her clothes. She half heartedly tried to get the cup back in there but she had already soaked herself and it was running in rivers down her legs that there wasn’t much point. She was drunk so she didn’t feel especially embarrassed, but said she kept peeing for so long and felt so free to be able to pee next to all these people and none of them knew a thing.

I spoke to her maybe an hour later on her walk back to her tent when she told me this story.

“Actually I really need to pee again, and my clothes are completely soaking wet already.” She paused. “I’m pissing myself again! God that feels good. Why don’t people do this all the time?”

When she got home the next day I volunteered (selflessly, of course) to do her laundry and those shorts and panties were seriously sopping wet. It was like she had dipped them in a lake. I just wish I had been there!

