Prison Wetting

Author: ilovepee123

*000*2016-06-24 06:04

So not long ago my fiance found out about my omorashi fetish. She is currently in jail for a probation violation but I assure you she is a good girl that just got a little too wild the summer after high school graduation. Anyways we visit every week and visits are typically 45 minutes long. She told me in a phone call that she had a birthday present for me. I laughed and asked her if she was going to send me a dirty letter and she said "no you'll see". So I showed up to our weekly visit and sat down. She came out and told me that she drank a ton of coffee and water and she was going to hold it the whole time she was visiting. Keep in mind that she has never done this without me begging her to before. We talked as normal and she told me she really needed to go a few times and that her bladder felt very full.

About 20 minutes into our visit she started to squirm and fidget. She could barely focus on talking and kept talking about how bad she needed to go and how she could barely hold it. Finally she stood up really quick and grabbed herself. She told me that a little bit just came out and showed me the little wet spot quickly. She told me she hopes this makes up for her missing my birthday and I told her it definitely does. She held it for a few more minutes and then she stood up and started peeing her pants. She wears khaki pants in there.

It ran down her legs and she looked very relieved. I asked her if she would get in trouble for wetting her pants and she laughed and explained that it actually happens a lot because girls cant hold it as long and during visits inmates are not allowed to leave to go pee and come back to a visit so it isn't uncommon for a girl to pee her pants so she doesn't have to end the visit early. She also explained that so much bizarre shit happen in there that no one even cares if you pee your pants. It was a great birthday present and I was very surprised that she actually peed her pants for me and we are going to have a lot of fun when she gets released.Hope you enjoy my very first female omorashi experience.

