Memories from my girlfriend: 1

Author: yellowsailgg

*000*2022-07-21 07:28

Obligatory first post intro and excuses. long time lurker to this website first time poster a little nervous and tired gonna try my best though!

I read the rules twice and I don't think I'm breaching any but If I am please please let me know because I want to be in the right here on good terms.

My girlfriend of eight years and I live together in rural Oregon. For the sake of anonymity lets call her ‘Jane’. Jane is the perfect person to be in the relationship with an Omonaut (not sure what to call someone who is into Omorashi,diapers, inco and regular pads and general absorbent paddedness). Sometimes I feel super lucky to have been a witness to a few incidents that I wish to share here on this site. Have you ever had something amazing happen but you were the only one to witness it? Well I have over the years and would enjoy sharing some of those happenings on this site also because I believe some of you naughty people will enjoy them as well. I must admit that some of these have been partially forgotten or moderately embellished by my brain over the many times I have recalled some of these moments. But I promise the core facts and the greater ~75% details are accurate plus the times I get something wrong usually only adds to the fun .

Jane has some quirks and habits that unintentionally add to her omo flair.

Firstly she holds her pee constantly and is generally aloof to her body’s needs. She is not into omorashi that I am aware and as of this point she knows that I enjoy seeing her have to go and be desperate (but I don’t think she knows I would also enjoy seeing her wet something jeans, pad, diaper) and she knows I get pleasure out of seeing her wear thick and long pads ( the thicker more diaper like bulge the better. I also enjoy the way it gives pad lines on her butt through clothing especialy extra heavy overnight pads leaving a distinct bicycle seat/ whale tail shape.) It took me an embarrassingly long time to notice that she typically only uses the bathroom once maybe twice a day (if she’s on her period) either shortly after she wakes up or last thing before bed but not always both.

She has also told me and I have witnessed that that she only knows that she has to pee when it basically starts dripping out or a medium spurt will come out then she has a 20-30 second window to get to the bathroom before it small and medium spurts come every few seconds and or every few steps as she is usually speed walking/ running at this point. After 3-7 minutes she enters critical mode where full wetting is likely. Remember this is usually after anywhere from 12- 20 hours of holding so this is just sort of the overflowing of her bladder it seems. I have seen many partial wettings, countless heavy leaking incidents but only 2 full wettings where she wasn’t wearing some sort of pad.

I know I am hypersensitive to looking for omorashi in real life but it seems that she still doesn’t believe that she has some sort of wetting problem. Jane also hasn’t ever changed her habits and schedule to go to the bathroom more. I don’t think she’s doing it for me and I don’t even think that she has a fully fleshed out understanding of what she’s doing that would trigger my fetish and so she continues on through the minefield creating incidents that could fill volumes on this website more than I could ever remember or share.

Jane is a streamer so she has a vastly different schedule than my part time job. I usually go to work when she is still asleep and she stays up sometimes but not too often where our schedules are reversed my night is her day and so on. On my days off she usually schedules time to be together though. And when it’s reversed I get to see her right before her bed and right after she wakes up and she sleeps the entire time I’m at work. When I realized just how little she uses the toilet I watched and tested to see if she was just going when I leave the house during her sleep time I put some toilet paper in the toilet to see if it was flushed , I’d rearrange things in and on the way to the bathroom.

Nothing was disturbed no change had occurred. then I thought she was just going in the shower which I know she has done in the past (more on that later). but she takes a shower at the times that she usually uses the toilet either when she gets up or right before bed but only every few days though (she doesn’t leave the house but maybe once a week or when ranch projects are happening or we go into town to get food and I don’t care if she’s a little stinky so showering every few days works for her). Keep in mind that she also doesn’t drink that many fluids while streaming but She was indeed actually holding it as long as it seemed!

An episode of omorashi that is on rerun usually 3 or more times a week is that she will have held for over 12 hours and had drank more than her usual liquid intake of a small teapot of tea and a varying portion of a water bottle. Then she will finish a stream and either directly speedwalk to bathroom or maybe I’ll hear her typing on her computer while I’m in bed then suddenly she’ll stand up and walks past our bedroom door to the bathroom.

She almost exclusively wears her pajamas around the house and her pajamas normally consist of a nightgown (usually above her knees but some she’s had since she was a teen and those are pretty short) or an over sized tee with no bottoms. Now and then when she wants to wear a little more clothes she will wear a t-shirt with some leggings or sweats. She only wears panties about 55% of the time and the majority of that is when she is on or around her period. Bras are a similar affair normally only when we are traveling, going somewhere to meet people or if its really cold out. She does not wear tampons and only wears pads.

Anyways because she has an open bottoms when she is only wearing nightgown when as she walks from wherever she’s at to the bathroom there will be a steady pattern of drops on the floor in the middle of every stride she will drip or spurt. I have followed these trails to our toilet and usually the last 4 feet is where the most liquid mess (urine ) is. There is usually a few 1-2 in wide drops in the last 4 four feet.

The longest hold I have seen her do went like this: she got up used the toilet, ate and drank a large tea bottle on her Monday morning which was actually 5 at night but for everyone else just keep in mind her morning is usually 4-6PM and her bedtime is anywhere from 3:30 AM to 8 AM. Anyways I knew she went on her Monday morning then stayed up so late into her night that when I woke up late tuesday morning to see she was asleep in her office couch still wearing her VR headset but she managed to pull her earbuds out probably so she could pass out. I gently took off her headset and turned off her computer then made an effort to rouse her enough to get her to come to bed. She was probably only a quarter awake when she shambled out of the room and into bed with me shortly behind.

She woke up at about 8 PM tuesday and she had slept about 10 hours since getting into bed. So far she was at about 27 hours ~5PM monday to ~ 5PM tuesday is 24h then 3h to 8 PM. I saw her leave the bedroom and enter the kitchen as I was starting to heat up so leftover spaghetti I asked her is she wanted some and she said yes she was super hungry. I asked her if she wanted any wine though but she said no I had forgotten that this was her breakfast so in that context it seems weird to be eating spaghetti and wine. Jane does love wine though especially pink moscato. We ate and watched a few episodes of Hunter x Hunter when she sat straight up in her seat hands in crotch for maybe 8 seconds( I’m guessing that she was trying to regain control) and ran to the bathroom she didn’t even think about the door.

I don’t wasn't counting the seconds of the stream but it seemed very close to a minute or at least a minute. Now you would think that after all that there would be a sizable amount of damage but there was only a wet spot smaller than a baseball maybe 1.5 american half dollars in diameter on the back of her sweats. When she walked out I pretended to be distracted by the food but I made sure to look when she had her back turned as she entered the bedroom to change. The couch had a quarter sized spot so it mostly absorbed by her sweatpants. This was the longest hold I’ve seen her do but far from the story with the wettest clothes or most dramatic accident.

One time early in our relationship I was taking a shower when I heard the bedroom door close. I heard her come into the bathroom and I think she surprised even herself us when she entered the shower. She joined me never having done this and being a nervous nerd I just sort of started washing my and then I jokingly offered to wash hers she and we traded places and she stood mostly in the stream of water. now fully entering the warm water she sort of shivered shivered she sorta teetered back and fourth on her legs and I now knew she had to pee and she was trying not to show it I’m guessing she though it would kill the moment. She loooves doing this cheesy rom-com stuff and if I’m honest I like it too so I like to play along to get her riled up.

So I start putting a little shampoo in her hair and then lathering it in jokingly try to give her a mohawk she laughs then I switch to the shower wand and as the water starts up through it the old cold water comes out onto her back of head she does a mini startled jump and I apologize.( I actually didn’t mean to do that) I wash the shampoo out of her hair when she starts swaying a little wider. I looked down on the tub between her legs and I see a quick spurt of yellow amber pee dissipate into the clear shower water. She says that she really has to go pee. I was so nervous and excited I had a ball of lead in my stomach. I don’t remember my words but I told her that it made me excited to see her so desperate.

She tried to subtlety tell me that she’s gonna have an accident very soon and it seemed that she believed I would be in some way disgusted to see her pee. I gave her a naughty smirk and moved my head to one side sort of to say that’s the point sweetheart She looked a little confused for a sec then she seemed to decided she was going to try and torture me and make me as horny as she could with this another smaller spurt of yellow faded as it fell, mixed in and went down the drain. Already in the critical phase of her desperation she didn’t hold as long as I think she believed she would while trying to tease me. Only about 90 seconds past deciding she wasn’t going to leave the shower. There was no way to hide how excited I was and I moved to stand behind her.

I walked up behind her as she continued to leak and there was no space between our bodies. Sensing she was about to burst I reached around and lightly slid my hands along her skin feeling her bladder buldge on my way to put my hands between her legs. I did not want to cause her pain so I was especially careful when sizing up the mound her bladder was making. My hands now firmly between her legs I followed her fingers and attempted to hold her pee hole like she was but when we traded her hands for mine she lost control right as my fingers found their destination. I wasn't sure I’d found the correct place until a jet of hot urine shot through my fingers. She quickly pressed her hands against mine as she lost control and the warm liquid ran down both or our legs mine between hers. The hiss the relief was too much for the both of us and the tension broke and well I’m sure you can figure out what happened next I believe we started even before her stream had completely finished.

More to come as I write them down. follow me If you enjoyed.



*003*2022-07-24 08:48

I just posted a new experience on a separate topic. Should I put my next post in this topic or should I start a new one with a new title IE part one 2 3on different topic pages?

*005*2022-07-25 09:24

Ok thank you. a brief intro then maybe a mention to this page if they want to know a bigger picture? what do you think? still new to posting on this site so thank you for the input . i wasn't sure what the procedure for how people usually post.

