Unexpected Shift

Author: ElleEnchanted

*000*2015-09-26 02:44

I was just on my way home for yet, another coffee at McDonalds. Most of the exits were closed so I had to keep going around in circles trying to find a way out of the lane. And the make my day even worse I got a call. "Hello?" I answered attempting to concentrate behind the wheel. "Gregory had to go home sick so we need you to come back and take over his shift," my boss said. "Me?" I asked. "Mm hmm," he replied. I hung up the phone and sighed. "Seems like this day will never end," I murmured.

I finally arrived at my building (I work at pet hospital/ER) and parked my car. I threw my cup away and walked in. "Oh! I'm so glad your here!" My boss, Sam, cried. "A dog is about to give labor!" I looked at him. He wanted me to do an operation? I don't know how to do a surgery, I assist the surgeon.

"I'm sorry, you want me to do the operation?"

"Yes"

"But I don't know how!"

"WHAT?! Oh, forget it, we'll find someone else!" He scurried off. I went to the break room and saw the coffee machine turned on next to my favorite coffee flavor. I got some right when Edment walked in. "Hello, Ed," I greeted him. "Hello, chilly day today, huh?" He got some coffee as well. "You can say that again," I slurped my coffee and laughed.

I finished the coffee and went to the restroom to change my clothing into my purple uniform. It's a purple t-shirt and purple pants- creative colors right? Anyways, I changed and went to the front desk to assist the people. Right when I sat down I felt pain near my thighs. I thought I was just having some night cramps so I just ignored it and assisted the owners that had pets to be taken care of.

When Dara arrived, I let her take over the desk and headed to the cafeteria. As I was walking, I noticed that my bladder was full and our stupid policy about no more bathroom breaks for employees after 10:00 pm was started to tick me off. I tried to ignore it but for some reason I couldn't stop thinking about it.

"I had just passed the bathroom," I thought to myself. "It's only 10:07 pm, they won't mind...would they?" I looked back at the bathroom and suddenly held my crotch trying to act casual. "Hey Elle!" I heard someone call my name. I turned around, it was Mike. Mike is our head surgeon, surprised they didn't choose him to do the surgery for the dog giving labor. "We have a small meeting! Room 326!" He told me and ran off. "Ugh, I have to walk up stairs?!" I thought anxiously to myself. I head towards the staircase and walked up slowly in pain.

Finally I made it, still dry, to room 326; where they already started the meeting. There were no more chairs left so I had to stand. I stood there crossing my legs tightly. I kept looking at the clock with despair. I got shocked when Mike tapped me and quickly held my crotch. "Umm, Elle, you can go home. Your shift is over," he told me. "Oh thank goodness!" I staggered out the room and walked to my car very weirdly.

I turned the key, low gas, I went to a gas station nearby and put the gas into my car. As I walked impatiently, I crossed my legs and bounced up in download "ahh, come on!" I whispered to myself. A leak came out, "Ahh, no!" I ran into my car. I sat down leaking again. I lived only about five minutes away, I could still make it! I turned to find myself in a red light. I bit my lip. It finally turned green, but I didn't make it in time to turn.

I looked down and saw my purple pants turned darker where my groin is. I finally got to turn and made it home. I fumbled around with my purse as I searched for my keys. I bent down while trying to find it. Another leak came out, it was much longer than he others. I put a worried face and finally found my keys tucked away in a hidden pocket inside.

Once I opened the door, I looked up the stairway. "Ugh," I sighed frustrated. I staggered up the stairs letting out a few spurts. I stopped at one moment and bit my nail. "Oh no," I muttered. A huge stream of hot, yellow liquid escaped my crotch. My pain decreased and my purple pants got soaked. I unfortunately had to accept the fact that today was another day with a satisfying wetting. I cleaned up my mess and headed to the showers!

Hope you enjoy this experience! Thanks for getting my forum, "Day at the Beach" on Popular!

