Desperation and wetting to date

Author: sttl88

*000*2017-08-07 02:21

I am a 31 year old male, and over the last 15 or so years i have had a whole bunch of experiences with desperate girls, more often than not my girlfriends at the time, but sometimes female friends or casual sexual partners. I want to record them here for my own memory and also because hopefully others can enjoy them too. For the girls in question, i will just refer to them by their first initial, for privacy. I promise that everything that I write about is 100% true and as accurate and detailed as i remember.

My first girlfriend, A, I would later discover, had what she called a "weak bladder" and to go with it, perhaps because of trying to hide it for her whole life, a rather strong sense of embarassment about needing to pee. she was blonde, about 5'6" and slim. We first got together at around the age of 16, and as neither of us were remotely experienced with the opposite sex, we did a lot of exploring and experimenting with each other and I got very familiar with her bladder. Generally, she would go from being absolutely fine to frantically desperate in just a couple of minutes, at which time I would be trying to find her any place she could pee without wetting herself (which happened a lot).

More stories to follow, but the first time this happened we were in her bedroom on the top floor of her house. The bathroom was on the floor below, which was a long way for her when she got to her desperate state. I remember we were sitting and chatting about her being really into horses and me having no idea at all about them. She suggested it would be fun for me to pretend to be a horse and ahe could show me how to ride properly. I laughed and got down on my hands and knees and she showed me some basics. From memory, she was wearing some skinny jeans and some kind of top. We played around like this for a while and then i decided to be a terrible steed, and tried to throw her off. To her credit she stayed on very well, but then suddenly she gasped, stood up quickly and started quickly pacing up and down the room.

Bending slightly at the waist she said "can you go and wait outside for a minute",

"What's up?" I replied, worried i had hurt her or something.

She looked strained and was slightly out of breath. Suddenly, she sat down on her foot and started grinding her crotch into her heel while breathing really shallow and pressing her lips tightly together with her eyes closed. This, i came to learn later, was what she did when she was absolutely on the verge of peeing and could barely hold it anymore. If she had known me better then she would have had both hands on her crotch pulling upwards with all her might. But she didn't know me that well, not yet.

"Please?!" She said, almost begging, half closing her eyes as she summoned every last ounce of strength she had into keeping her pee inside her.

"Sure, of course," I had no idea what was going on at this time, so i stood and walked outside, leaving the door open a crack so i could see what was going on.

When she thought the door was closed, both her hands shot to her crotch, as well as her heel, and she bounced up and down, up and down. After a minute or so when she seemed to be a little more in control, she stood up slowly, both hands still in her crotch and waddled over to the bin, which was made of metal and had some kind of cartoon character on it. She was grinding her legs together desperately, and took one hand off her crotch to try and open her jeans button. Suddenly, the hand snapped back and she collapsed on her heel again, grinding it hard into her crotch. I couldnt see the button because i wasnt at the right angle, but after another few seconds she stood again and pulled her jeans down with the hand that wasnt holding her crotch.

Now, she was standing, half crouching, hand in crotch but outside of her panties and wiggling the most i had (to that point) ever seen anyone move.

Super quickly, to her credit, as if all in one fluid motion, she moved her hand away, pulled her panties down and started peeing full force into the bin. I saw the pee start coming out the instant her had had moved and it sprayed through her panties for a tiny second and on the floor before she got everyhing in the right place.

When she had finished, she pulled up her panties and jeans and came out to get me. I was the most turned on i could ever remember being, which for a 16 year old is quite something!

The first thing she did was show me a huge wet patch on her jeans where she must have started peeing before she got them down.

"I have a weak bladder, and sometimes I get really deaperate to pee really quickly," she said, acutely embarassed. "Sometimes i cant hold it long enough to get to the loo"

My heart was beating so fast and I felt so turned on I thought i might pass out. "I love that" I managed to say, and she smiled gingerly and showed me her wet patch again. I breathed even more heavily.

"Really?" She asked, surprised, "I hate it! What about this?" And with that she opened her jeans, pulled them down to mid thigh, turned around and showed me her panties, which were absolutely soaked.

That was the start.

*003*2017-08-08 01:11

A couple of quick stories about A whilst I write a longer one.

We were sitting in her living room watching tv and joking around when I playfully asked how ticklish she was. She was wearing some soft tracksuit ahorts, light grey, and a loose tshirt with no bra. Basically her pyjamas.

"Oh god so ticklish," she replied, edging away and looking at me suspiciously. A's sister, one year younger, was in there too and she confirmed it.

"If you tickle her she'll wet herself" the sister said, deliberately annoying A.

"No I won't!" A protested strongly, although with hindsight she did look a bit worried. "Tickle me and I'll prove it!"

This sounded great to me, so i started tickling her a bit, and she fought back, squirming and kicking. Suddenly, she grabbed her crotch and slammed her legs together, wiggling her hips from side to side.

"you ok?" i asked

"yep" she tried to say breezily, hands jammed into her crotch, her breathig shallow all of a sudden.

Her sister looked at her as if to say "I told you so" and walked out the room.

"I'm peeing myself!" a whispered urgently, "I can't stop it!"

I looked down at her crotch and sure enough her fingers were glistening as liquid ran slowly over them, her grey shorts had a large dark grey patch where her hands were clamped.

"Shall I help you to the loo?" I said, not sure how to take this amazing spectacle.

A nodded and stood up, drips of pee falling from her fingers, still clamped onto her crotch and squeezing. I helped her hobble to the bathroom, leaving drips of pee on the carpet like a trail.

When we got there i guess the fact that she was already peeing and only managing to slow down the flow got too much for her. She moved her hands and ran for the toilet, shorts still on, pee now shooting furiously from between her legs. She sat on the toilet with her shorts still on, extremely red faced and embarassed, unable to meet my eyes until she finished peeing. There was pee all over her hands, her shorts were almost completely dark grey and soaking and there was a fair amount on the floor.

"Sorry" she mumbled, turning away slightly.

I simply put her hand on my crotch so she could feel that there was really no need to say sorry.

The second story is even shorter. I had got to her house before her and been let in by her sister. A arrived home a few minutes later but someone was already in the bathroom. A ran through the door tugged on the locked handle with one hand on her crotch, whimpered and then saw me.

"Hi gorgeous!" She said, trying to pretend she wasn't desperate but doing a terrible job.

She walked over to me, kissed me while scissoring her legs backwards and gorwards and then walked around the room, holding her crotch tightly while she walked away from me as if that meant i wouldnt notice.

"Just going to pop to the loo" she said when she heard the toilet flush. I could see her face was red and trying to keep calm was taking a lot of effort.

She half ran, half waddled, hand in crotch back to the toilet but whoever had flushed was washing their hands. At the door, she dropped immediately onto the floor, sitting on her heel and grinding it into her crotch, bouncing furiously up and down.

The toilet door opened and she stood up, ran in, and I could hear the pee start hissing before she sat down.

When she came out she smiled at me in relief and said "that was close"

As i followed her upstairs though, i saw a definite small wet patch in her crotch. Maybe a bit too close!

*007*2017-10-28 00:02

Possibly the most desperate I ever saw A was when I picked her up from a house party about 30 mins drive away from her home. I arrived at maybe midnight and she bounced over to the car kind of skipping a bit which made me think that she already needed to pee a bit. She was wearing tight denim shorts and a low cut top and as she skipped over she looked like a cowgirl from the movies.

“Hey!” She said enthusiastically

“Ready to go?” I asked

“Definitely”

”Do you need the loo before we go?” I asked her quietly, so her friends wouldnt hear, but they were already getting in the car and A clearly didnt want to keep them waiting so she just said

“I’ll be fine!”

The first part of the journey passed quite quickly. As I was staying with A that night, I had to drop off her two pals first and they lived in nearby towns. If I’m being honest, I knew that all the girls had been drinking so I was constantly checking my rearview mirror to see if the girls on the back seat were showing signs of being desperate. I saw a little bit of leg crossing and some nervous shifting in the seat, but I was concentrating so much on this I hadn’t paid much attention to A in the front seat.

When we dropped off her first friend after about 30 minutes I looked over at her as she said goodbye. She was doing everything she could do to hold it, short of holding herself openly in front of her friends. She was sitting on her heel, grinding forwards and backwards frantically and in the streetlight I could see that she was flushed and sweating from the effort.

For the 5 minute drive to the next friend’s house, I didn’t take my attention far away. It seemed to come in waves. She would be doing aome small grinding and wriggling for 30 seconds or so, followed by a period of extreme desperation where she would grab the seat with one hand and pull herself harder onto her heel. With the other hand she would grab the top of her panties and pull them upwards as hard as she could to add pressure to her urethra.

When we finally dropped off the second friend and it was just the two of us in the car, she firmly grabbed her crotch with both hands.

”Oh.My.God.” She stuttered. “I am so close to peeing in your car. I have never been this desperate.”

She was bouncing up and down, side to side, forwards and backwards, one hand holding her crotch on the outside of her shorts, the other holding inside.

I had driven maybe 100m - this was suburbia and there were only well-lit open lawns wih no pee spots.

“STOP” She basically yelled at me “Im peeing!”

I emergency stopped the car and stalled it. Sure enough, without the sound of the engine I could hear spurts of pee spraying into her panties, hissing.

One hand still inside her shorts she scrambled out of the car (leaving only a tiny wet spot on the seat to her credit), took maybe two steps away from the car, pulled down her shorts and panties and squatted, right in the open. Before she even squatted down I could see pee puring between her legs, and when ahe got back into the car her shorts were soaked almost completely.

”Oh my god” she said again as she sat back down. “I was so desperate almost as aoon as we got in the car. I was leaking way before we dropped [first friend] off. You nearly ended up with a very messy car!”

After all the effort of holding she fell asleep for the 10 minute drive home, leaving me to my memories.

