Waiting in line for a drive up test

Author: BeeCat

*000*2021-03-06 20:55

[warning, includes sexual feelings/masturbation, holding]

Every time I have gotten a drive up covid test, I somehow always feel my bladder start to get a little too full right when I get there.

On weekends it takes two hours to get through the line, so I've had to hold it way past where I normally would.

Usually the urge starts small, but after 30 minutes I'm getting really uncomfortable.

After an hour, it starts to feel urgent. I get more and more desperate, I feel the pressure building slowly.

By the one and a half hour mark I'm so desperate, my bladder hurts and I can barely think about anything else.

I don't enjoy sudden urgency, but the slow build really turns me on, and in this situation, where I feel trapped but know for exactly how long I will be, it feels really erotic and pleasantly dangerous.

To get through the line, I have to stop the car, wait a few minutes, and then move the car for each person. Near the end, each wait between people feels slower and slower, my bladder feeling more full and aching as time passes. I'm enjoying holding it but I am also nervous and want to let go so, so badly. The sense of being stuck feels so good.

By the time I'm about fifth in line, I am nervous I'm going to just let go, and wet myself and my car. I think about how it would be really annoying to clean up, but that I was alone, and losing control would feel so pleasurable. I feel more aroused the more I hold it, imagining my body refusing to wait any longer and giving into its need.

The idea of losing control and feeling the immense, involuntary relief is so appealing.

Finally I get to the front, take my test and start my drive home.

Now that I know I'm going to make it, 20 minutes from home, I'm really turned on, and enjoying the fullness and even the pain. Alone in my car, I grab myself and squeeze to hold it in.

At every stop I'm pressing my thighs together and aching. I need to go so so badly, and I'm starting to need to cum almost as badly.

As I get close, I feel like I'm going to explode, a fullness I've rarely felt, and the more I'm sure I'll make it, I press on my bladder to feel the ache just a little harder.

I finally make it home, park and run up to my door. I try to rush to the bathroom without my housemates noticing, I'm a little embarassed and don't want to be stopped on the way.

I finally, after two and a half hours, start to release my very full, bursting bladder, and quietly moan with pleasure. It feels soooo good to finally let it out. I think about how long I've been desperate, and get even more turned on as I feel the relief.

Once I'm done, I go to my room and lock the door, read stories on this site, and give myself a very satisfying orgasm. The relief after all of that waiting is incredible.

*002*2021-03-07 04:27

Thank you!

