Morning Pee Fail

Author: Axis

*000*2016-09-13 15:15

Greetings, forum. This will be a quick one, just something I wanted to share. This happened just a few minutes ago.

I stayed up pretty late last night, as I usually do, drinking tons of water. I was getting that sensation where my mouth was dry, and no matter how much I drank I still felt thirsty. I fell asleep having neglected to pee beforehand, and I paid for it!

I woke up rather calmly at first. I should stress that I am incredibly groggy when I wake up. If I have to be somewhere I have to set my alarm an hour, maybe two before I'm even supposed to leave, just so my brain can wake up in time. I intended to fall back asleep when my bladder jolted awake, clearly ready to burst. There was no time to waste, but I was so tired. I was hitting off things, almost falling over on my way to the bathroom. It was a kind of pathetic display to be honest, I'm glad my roommate had class this morning.

After stumbling my way into the bathroom, lifting the seat and whatnot, I pulled my pajama pants down and let loose. It came out so quick, so immediate, it felt like I had held it until the absolute last moment before my body would have taken over and my bladder would have voided. I was enraptured in the sensation of relief, moaning as I often do when I hold it too long (or just long enough depending on how you look at it, wink wink). That being the case, I wasn't paying attention as my stream casually grew stronger, moving toward the back of the bowl. 

I was suspicious when the familiar trickling turned into an unexpected splattering in my ears. I looked down, gasping as I saw pee hitting that sweet spot below the raised seat, hitting the tank and just going everywhere. Slightly panicked, I tried to push my nozzle down, but either from the intense relief or just waking up, my dick was standing at attention. I attempted to compensate, giving my shaft a shove; unfortunately, I think I overcompensated.

Before I knew what was happening, I felt something warm hitting my legs. The splattering sound became more of a hiss. I stood there, in front of the toilet, pissing like a racehorse into my pajama pants. At that point I really didn't care, and just enjoyed the sensation. There was something magical about such an unplanned accident, especially one that was so childish. It reminded me of when I was two or three and attempted to use the toilet like a big boy, failing to see how pulling my shorts down was part of the equation (hey, I had only peed into my clothes before that, I couldn't be expected to know how these things worked). After what felt like ages of powerful spraying, my bladder finally became empty.

Once my stream came to a full stop, I quickly inspected the damage before tossing the pajama pants into my hamper. I'll need to wash them soon, but I'm still really tired.

