Stress relief

Author: EtchyFox

*000*2019-04-08 15:42

Hiya again friends!

I was having a bad day. Long story short I was forced to hire a useless employee onto my game dev team where I function as creative lead. While I was having some fun times with @Gemgirl and @drenna on the discord I get a call from the person I left in charge saying that the whole project was screwed. Anyways I ended up getting pulled from some fun times into work and lots of meetings. Needless to say stressy Fox ensued.

We got to the point where we had a path forward and I saw the light, this of course being several hours later and many coffees. My shoulders were tight, I was in a bad mood and I was still more than a little horny from earlier... I decided then that I was going to have some fun~

I kept drinking and enjoyed the feeling of building pressure as I finished my work. By the time I could crack my back and shut down my computer I was already at a strong 8.5 and very wiggly indeed. I went onto the discord to chat while I squirmed and foolishly mentioned my plans. From that moment on, @Biku, @Faust, @Pondera and @KozmoFox held my fate.

As this community is apt to do, I was forbidden from using the bathroom by Koz until "I begged sufficiently hard enough." Being sufficiently worked up in stress and other things I thought this could be fun!

A little bit of time with no control and people poking and prodding my bladder verbally...Plus many pets and words of encouragement had me quickly relaxing and getting very squirmy. I was at a solid 9 before I started begging.

*OBLIGATORY DESCRIPTION PHASE*

I am about medium height with a slender/ athletic build. Because I know someone is going to ask...Cs. I have a sort of olive colored skin.

I was wearing my long brown and purple hair in a high ponytail and I had taken my glasses off as soon as I got off work. I may or may not have been wearing clothes while working in my home office so when people asked I went and put on my favorite outfit on.

Black Blake RWBY tee with a purple plaid mini skirt. I don't remember the bra I had on but I think it was the purple one with the pink bow. My panties were white and black striped and cotton. I was wearing tall purple thigh socks to keep warm.

*END DESCRIPTION*

Now something to know about Etchyfox. I usually don't like begging, but at this point it was really helping me relax. I was rambling, bouncing and squirming in my chair. Twisting and turning, bucking my hips I could barely type and it showed on the chat. Koz was being mean and decided to sit back and watch as I squirmed, not replying at all to my requests to use the bathroom.

At this point I was desperate. A solid 9.9 about to piss my seat and finally after 20 min of me asking koz where she was she comes back and gives me a challenge. Lean over my chair arms with my bladder and beg her to let me up. Good god that was hard. As soon as I leaned down I started dribbling into my panties. It was immediate. No chance to stop it. The only thing I could do was convince Koz to not make me wet my carpet.

I begged.

Typos and poor grammar plagued my chat as I couldn't think, type or hold it. Finally it got to the point where I was spurting. Not leaking. Not dribbling. I had about .5 seconds where I was peeing. Koz finally allowed me up and I immediately started dancing. I almost fell over trying to march in place with my legs crossed because that was all that was keeping in the rest. At this point my panties were wet and my socks were getting damp.

I sat back down for a second on orders and immediately dribbled on the leather chair in my office.

The chat at this point looked a little like this:

KozPLEson ELT ME PEE

PLES KJOz LET EM PEE

KOZ ITS comING ouTT

KJOZZIM GONA PEE

I was begging her to at least let me pull down my panties and squat. She wasn't having it.

Everyone was having a good time with this or so I'm told.

Koz knows me a bit to well now I think. She knows when i'm about to burst and this was it. I couldn't hold it. This was the end, but koz was having none of that.

"Get on your knees and beg"

Fuck me that was the worst thing I have had to do EVER involving holding. By second two I was starting to pee. I could hear it on the carpet under me. I couldn't type. I couldn't breathe. I managed one cohesive sentence in the panic.

"Kozmofox please let me pee."

"RUN" she said and I ran, leaking the whole way. I knew I would never get to the toilet so I jumped in the bath, yanked down my panties and...

OH MY GOD WAS IT BLISS. I was panting, shaking and spraying pee harder than I think I may have ever done before.

Have you ever experienced relief so extreme all you can do is laugh?

All the stress from the day and my bladder all bubbled forth in a mad giggle as I peed for over a minute.

When I was done I just plopped by bare bottom down in the tub and relaxed. Better than any massage, better than meds, better than a therapist.

Just friends and mad relief.

Thanks to @Biku for the incredible art! Go check him out! He has a few comics out now that are well worth the money!

Hope you all enjoyed the story!

*004*2019-04-09 02:08

Haha thanks everyone. It was a good end to a bad day.

I never expect to be let off easy here, especially not with that crowd...

