There Was Another Time (Also, My Discovery Of Omorashi)

Author: Dorin

*000*2010-11-11 03:44

It's when I was 14 while I was at the movie. I was going to pee in the bathroom but the movie is about to start. About 30 min. in the movie(and having a big jug of 40 oz. soda didn't help either). "*Groan* gotta go...", I thought as I was holding myself. Of course, I never got up during a movie. I could pee in my cup... then I realized...It was a full theater. I'm trying my best not to drawn attention to myself, so I squeezed my thigh really tight. My bladder was feeling it was about to burst. I was getting so desperate and then... It hit me... it started to feel good.

The danger of wetting yourself in front of everyone, the sensation of needing relief and letting it go when pee into the toilet(or pants). Well anyway 2 hours later...the movie was over, I slowly made it to the bathroom, leaking little by little. I finally made it. Oh no... There's was a line of 3 guys for each urinal. So I rush to the stall, pull down my pants sat down to pee (yeah, I know like a girl...even though I'm a guy. I really don't care). I finally done. I pulled up my pants. Of course, I have a couple of awkward stares... Then I, without saying anything, walked out.

Heh, I know. I'm not much of a storyteller, but I'm much of an artist.

*001*2010-11-12 05:40

{{ 

Hey, I'm a guy and I sit down to pee a lot when I'm at my own house :/

Nice experience though, thanks for sharing!



Was kinda hoping you'd wet though, heheh.

}}

You know... I have never wet myself by accident... just a spurt here and there. The only time I wet myself is on purpose.

