Putting the P in Pool

Author: diokno44x

*000*2018-11-23 18:35

Before I begin: A belated Happy Thanksgiving and a welcome from Black Friday to you all....

Now, let me take you back to my days at the YMCA, which I've recounted quite often. On this occasion, we were having a class swimming lesson. I was, and still am to an extent, not the best swimmer. Prior to this, we were all asked to go into the nearby bathrooms, and change into swim trunks, or swimsuits for the girls. As I changed out of my current attire, which was a pair of blue shorts, a green T-shirt, and my shoes, I came to one obstacle, my diaper. Now, normally, I'd be fine with keeping it on, however, it wasn't a swim diaper. And while I hadn't been diapered and in the water all that often, even at that age I knew copious amounts of liquids+non-swim diaper=mass leakage at best, and falling apart of said diaper at the worst.

Feeling a twinge in my bladder, I decided to untape my diaper, and tuck it in with the rest of my clothes. I then slipped the swim trunks on, these were a dark blue in color, probably closer to midnight blue. I placed my clothes and diaper, which I had folded and placed inside my bundled shirt, into a shelf with my name on them, alongside my shoes. Now, we waited in line as each of us did doggy paddles and other basic aquatic maneuvers, three people at a time.

It was while I was waiting in line, pretty much at the back, that my need to pee came back full force. I remember holding myself, and shifting a bit, as I tried to keep my urine in. While someone else might have used the bathroom, me being uncomfortable with restrooms outside my home, especially if I say, didn't have my mom with me, I let out a few dribbles here or there as the line shuffled forward, squeezing my legs together to help out. The splashing of the others in the pool didn't help matters.

As I neared closer to the line, I had to stop holding myself with my hand, though I was still crossing my legs, and I guessed the teacher, when I was one of the three up, thought it was waterborne fear induced anxiety, as she got to my high level, smiled, and said something like "Hey, its alright, you can do this." something motivational like that. Giving her a smile, I dived in.

While I was doggypaddling, all the water around me aggravated my bladder. As I was swimming, my mind thought "Well, I'm already in water." and I released my bladder. Relief and warmth filled me, as surely as my pee filled the water. Thankfully, my pee was relatively clear. I got out, my shorts wet from both pee and pool water. I sat down nearby, toweling off, while I waited for the remaining handful of students to finish up.

Once everyone was done, we were once again directed to change back. A smile blossomed on my young face as the security of my diaper once more was wrapped around me. I fixed my clothes, and went on my diapered day.

