Desperate plumber (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2021-10-11 11:31

A few weeks ago, a plumber came to my house to carry out a boiler service and to do some work in the bathroom. He was a slim, good looking guy in his late 20s and when he arrived at around 8.30am I offered him a drink. He asked for a coffee so I made him a large mug of strong coffee and chatted to him while he opened up the boiler to be serviced. He mentioned that it was going to be a long day as I was his third customer already and he had many more appointments to carry out. I left him to it and after an hour or so he'd finished all the jobs and left for his next customer.

Around midday, I noticed that although he had fitted a new bathroom tap, he had forgotten to fit the new pop-up plug for the basin and he'd also left behind some spray for detecting gas leaks. I phoned the plumbing company and they apologised and said he'd be back later in the afternoon to finish the job and pick up the spray.

At around 4pm, he came back and when I opened the door he was very apologetic, explaining that he hadn't noticed the new plug in the box and had completely forgotten about it. He also apologised for how long it had taken him to come back, as he mentioned that they were very busy and he'd been on back-to-back appointments all day without a break. I couldn't help but notice that he seemed quite flustered and fidgety, stepping from foot to foot and jiggling around a bit as he spoke. He also seemed very distracted and lost his train of thought a couple of times, and while he was holding his toolbox with one hand, his other hand was deep in the pocket of his work trousers. Of course, I immediately started wondering if this poor guy was absolutely dying for a piss but had not had chance to go all day, and was desperately trying to hold on until he could finally go back to the depot.

I invited him inside and offered him another drink but he declined. We went upstairs and he started work straight away in the bathroom while I sat working in my home office just a few feet away across the landing. He finished the job in about 10-15 minutes and then spent some time documenting the work that would be required to replace the shower (the current shower mixer unit leaks when in use), taking a video of the current setup. We then went into the bathroom and discussed future work and the possibility of fitting a whole new bathroom.

The whole time we were talking, he seemed to be trying very hard to stand still and keep his composure, he kept crossing and uncrossing his legs and he kept reaching his hand into his pocket. I was sure he was doing it to discretely squeeze his cock and I actually caught him giving himself a couple of quick crotch squeezes through his work trousers too when he thought my attention was elsewhere. It must have been so difficult to stand there right next to a toilet, knowing that he wasn't supposed to use it despite how badly he must have wanted to relieve himself. I even thought about asking him if he'd like to use it, but didn't want to embarrass him and he was clearly trying his best to stay professional and not let on to me that he was bursting for a piss.

Eventually, we finished our discussion and he set to work tidying up and putting his tools away. After he finished, he placed down his toolbox outside the bathroom, hesitated then asked very politely if he could use the toilet! He explained that they weren't really supposed to use the toilet in customers' homes but he'd been holding on all day and was "absolutely bursting". He was trying so hard to be polite and keep his composure but couldn't help but cross his legs and give his cock a quick squeeze as he said this, looking very embarassed. I thought back to the huge mug of coffee I'd made him that morning as well as all the other drinks he must have finished throughout the many appointments he'd been on that day and couldn't believe he had held on for so long! Of course, I said it was fine and he thanked me breathlessly as he quickly shut the bathroom door.

As soon as the door was closed I heard him frantically undoing his belt and unzipping himself before unleashing a powerful torrent of piss into the toilet for a few moments before quickly adjusting his aim so it was hitting the side of the bowl instead with a loud, high pressure hissing noise before trickling into the water. He was clearly trying to pee as quietly as possible but was so desperate that he couldn't do much to reduce the noise. After around a minute of high pressure pissing, his stream eventually tapered to a gentle tinkling into the water for a while longer followed by a quiet moan of relief. He must have been dying to go for hours and it must have felt incredible to finally let it all out.

I heard him flush the toilet and wash his hands, and when he came out of the bathroom he thanked me again, explaining that he genuinely couldn't hold it in any longer and also apologised for how unprofessional it was that he'd had to use my loo. I said it was no problem at all and that he was welcome to use it whenever he was round again in the future!

