Stop and go man wholonged to stop and go

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-03-03 23:54

There is some major roadworks in my town just now and in one location instead of temporary lights they have men standing holding stop and go signs. I was driving heading for a certain shop and I had no others option but to go through the roadworks.

There was a queue of traffic and as the road was on a slight bend I could see the man dressed in bright yellow clothing holding the stop sign. What caught my attention was the fact he appeared very restless moving from foot to foot and generally looking frustrated. I thought he either looked like he was cold or needing the toilet so decided to watch him more.

He changed his sign around and more cars got through though just as it got to me he changed it back. Now with him right in front of me I could see clearer that he very much was needing to pee bad as he crossed his legs, moved from foot to foot loads and even placed his spare hand over the top of his legs.

I tried to think where the nearest publicity toilet might be and reckoned it was a good mile away at a supermarket but could not see how he would get to go there anytime soon because he needed to keep the traffic moving, he may no have known where the supermarket was and he must have been holding all day. It was almost 4pm and he must have been desperate. He certainly looked it.

I found it quite ironic that his sign said stop ans go when all he wanted to do was to actually stop and go!

I do wonder if he made it but I would not be surprised if he didn’t. I wonder if his waterproof high visibility work trousers would have showed any leaks?

