Some bladder torture

Author: satyr

*000*2016-04-24 17:19

I wish I had a sexy wet girlfriend to show off, but I don't. I like female omo, but I don't have any real-life content for you guys. My last real experience $$ proved that there's a few of you who enjoy seeing a dude like me desperate, so here's something for you guys. Apologies in advance, I'm just a regular guy, not a hot babe or a bodybuilder!

The backstory isn't as exciting as the last one, but maybe the video makes up for it. My personal life has been very, very bad recently. I won't go into it, just know I'm having a tough time. Last night, I went out drinking. It wasn't very fun. I got home, ate a pizza and passed out in bed. I didn't do any actual holding while at the club, but in the early morning, I woke up, already needing to pee quite urgently, maybe a 7/10. Now, normally when I do a deliberate hold, I don't wet the bed, for several reasons: (1) I can't fall asleep if I have even a small urge to pee, and (2) my bed is unprotected since I'm not an actual bedwetter. The mess would be too much. And (3) why wet the bed while fully awake? It's just a bigger mess to clean up without the added excitement of sleep-wetting.

This time, though, I thought, man, I need a little excitement in my life. Maybe some omo could cheer me up? So I said, to hell with it, if I wet the bed, I wet the bed. Normally I would force myself to get up and go, but right now, I ignored my urgent need and, since I was still drunk, managed to fall asleep.

And I had a real pee dream! I almost never have any dreams involving pee, even on the occasions when I wake up at night to pee. When I do have a pee dream, it's always one of those dreams where you really need to go, but for some reason, you're always thwarted at the last minute, and I wake up without having peed either in the dream or in reality. Last night though, I did pee. In the dream I was at some hotel with my family, and I peed all over a mattress. Then my entire family bursts in and sees it. Terribly embarrassing. Inexplicably, because dream logic, I had a black aunt (my entire family is white). She started cussing me out for wetting the bed and bringing up some stupid art project I did years ago (in real life) as if that proved, somehow, that I was crazy and that explained everything. Trust me, I'm crazy, but that art project has nothing to do with it.

Then I woke up, still dry, and not really sure if I was disappointed or not. On the one hand, to experience a planned bedwetting once in life would be exciting; on the other, the cleanup would be awful. Now I was really desperate, but not quite at the leaking stage. I think I dozed off for a while again, but then my bladder woke me. I was tired and hungover and desperate, all at once, so I just stayed in bed for a long while, looking at omorashi content and weighing my options.

I tend to hit a plateau where my urgent need is too distracting and painful to concentrate on anything, but not strong enough to cause an accident yet. This phase can last for hours, which is why my holds don't tend to end in genuine loss of control. It stops being fun before that point. I sort of envy those who go through this phase faster and actually lose control. On the other hand, my strong bladder could come in handy in real life someday. I'm not into unplanned wettings (for myself; would love to see a woman have one though).

I formulated a plan. I was going to force the issue. The result is what you see in the video below. It's a big file, the 1080p file (downscaled from 4k) was too big to upload. You get one in 720p. There were some requests for audible moans and desperation last time. Well, I think you'll enjoy this, then. What I'm doing is basically trying to do a static hold in the position that puts the most amount of pressure on my bladder. Apologies for any uncouth noises; putting so much pressure on your abdomen does that. Only pee in the video, don't worry. I'm not sure how much of the actual peeing I captured, but at least you get to see and hear me struggle mightily to keep control. When the camera shakes, it's me shaking in a losing effort to keep it in.

I finished the pee naked in the shower, down my legs. It was a giant puddle.

%smallest.mp4

