No more pyjamas

Author: blisster

*000*2017-01-24 18:56

As I was creeping back to bed i trod an a squeaky floorboard, froze solid and waited - only to hear my wife call out "What are you doing". I had to tell the truth and said I was just getting some underwear. She said "Have you done a wee in bed?" I strenuously denied this (although there was a wet place I hoped she wouldn't notice because it was only saucer sized). She asked why i needed underwear and i admitted that i had "lost it" and wet my pyjama bottoms on the way to the toilet. She just said "come back to bed" in a fairly exasperated tone of voice.

In the morning i got up and was instantly told "You can put those in the laundry basket" by my wife who was pointing at my admittedly soggy striped pyjamas lying on the bedroom floor.

Then followed the kind of lecture mums give kids. Basically I was told she understood I had a weak bladder and wan't blaming me, but she did not want to be disturbed so please don't go running about the house in the middle of the night. She spared me the "make sure you don't drink late at night and go before you go to bed bit" but it was hanging in the air. Then she moved on to say that I should just wear underwear in bed in future - it was too much trouble to deal with extra pyjamas and also she had got me coloured underpants because it was too difficult to keep the pee stains out of my beloved "tighty whities".

We managed OK after that - but it was a good job there was a waterproof mattress cover!

