Deliberate Wetting

Author: Bex

*000*2015-12-12 20:07

My first time sharing a story on here so hopefully you folks enjoy it, if you do there is plenty more stuff I can share.

I always remember being desperate and having an accident but I can remember this as one of the first times I deliberately wet myself.

I was in my early teens, 14 I think, and was out on a bike ride with a couple of my close friends. I hadn't peed since I had a shower in the morning and it was nearly dinnertime. We had eaten lunch at one of their houses and then gone for our bike ride.

We had been riding for at least 2 hours and were about an hour from home when it started to rain. The rain started as drizzle so we stayed out but soon it became torrential. I remember us taking cover under some trees and after a while deciding it would be best to head back home. About half way home we took our separate routes and shouted goodbyes not wanting to stop in the rain. I had to cycle up 2 hills which were quite steep in order to get home and I could feel my bladder was almost full and I would need to pee when I got home.

Halfway up the first hill I stopped for a quick breather and realised I was soaked through my raincoat, jumper, shirt, jeans, socks and panties. I gave a test push to see how full my bladder was, it was almost full so I would be desperate by the time I got home. I cycled further up the hill to a part where there was no houses and I looked around to check for people. Nobody was around and I cycled up to the bottom of a tree and made it look like I was waiting on the rain.

I put one hand down onto the front of my jeans just at my crotch and slowly started to push. A spurt of pee came out but stopped quickly. I closed my eyes and concentrated on peeing and I could feel my pee slowly starting to run down my leg. As my pee started to get going I could feel it leaking through the front of my jeans. I looked down and couldn't notice the difference between my pee and the wet jeans from the rain.

I finished my ride home letting out the rest of the pee before getting home. When I got home my mum never noticed as far as I know and I got changed out of the wet clothes. I noticed a slight yellowy tint to the inside of my panties.

Since then I remember having lots of dribbles, spurts, full wettings and other pee (sometimes poo) experiences both alone and with friends/family so let me know if you want to hear a couple.

Bex x

