I wet myself outside my house

Author: Desptowee

*000*2018-03-18 17:47

I’m sorry if this is lacking description or doesn’t have that ‘feel’ to it, but this is my first post and I’m a little bit nervous about writing it.

Anyway, I’m gonna start with some description because I know some people like that

I’m 19, although this story happened when I was 16, I’m short, only just 5ft, skinny, but toned and I have blonde slightly longer than shoulder length hair. On the day of this story I was wearing regular coloured denim shorts, with a yellow loose fighting tshirt and white converse.

I used to live in Florida and the toilets in my school were dirtier than any school toilets I’d seen in the UK and it seemed to be a popular hangout for the more popular kids as they reapplied their make up, so I used to hold it until I got home where I felt much more comfortable peeing.

This day wasn’t anything different. I peed just before I left home that morning, making sure I was ready and empty for the day. I got to school and like everyday drank water regularly throughout my lessons. However, this day was an extra stuffy Florida day, so I was drinking more to keep the headaches away, but I kept an eye on what I was drinking because I really didn’t want to have to use the school bathroom. It got to lunch and I was feeling ok, still. I filled my bottle up and drank a lot of it with my lunch, something I wouldn’t normally do. I knew it was a bad idea, but I was so hot and was starting to get a headache, I felt like I had to do it.

We only had two lessons after lunch and I felt surprisingly ok. Until the last 10 minutes of the penultimate lesson. I was suddenly warned that I had to pee, it wasn’t urgent, but it was a strong need. I considered going between lessons, but decided not to because that’s when the lines are longer and my next teacher hated people turning up late, so I held it.

I started having to hold myself about 15 minutes into my final lesson (they were an hour long). It wasn’t constant, but when I did hold myself, it was definitely necessary. I kept drinking, though because it was still so hot. With about 20 minutes of the lesson to go, I got hit with a huge wave of desperation. I threw both hands into my crotch and crossed my legs squeezing hard. I started to panic, I REALLY had to go. I wanted to ask my teacher, but I knew he’d say no because he’d just said no to someone else in my class. I knew I had to wait until the lesson was over. I kept one hand on my crotch for the rest of the lesson and kept my legs crossed tightly. I tried my best not to look at the clock because I knew it wouldn’t help my situation, but I couldn’t help myself.

With 5 minutes to go, I felt quite confident, knowing the toilets weren’t far away and I could quickly pee before getting the bus. But of course today would be the day where my teacher wouldn’t let us out on time. We were let out late and I only had a few minutes to get to my bus before it left, meaning I had no time to pee.

I panicked again. I didn’t know how I was supposed to survive 20 minutes on a bumpy bus. I got on and sat down, putting my bag on my lap so I could hold myself discretely. I needed a drink, but I didn’t want to put anymore liquid in my bladder, I wasn’t sure if I could take anymore.

With about 10 minutes left of the journey, I felt a small leak. I was really worried now. “I can’t pee on the bus” I thought to myself and finally admitted my dire need to my friend. She didn’t really know what to do, but she gave me her jacket so I could completely cover myself and hold as much as I wanted. I put my hands between my shorts and my underwear to get a better grip. My underwear felt damp and it made me wonder if it was visible on my shorts. I didn’t really care at this point, I just wanted to keep the rest in.

When we got to my stop, I struggled to get up, I had to act normal and standing up straight nearly made me lose control. I squeezed my legs together tightly before walking off the bus. I had a 5 minute walk from the bus stop to my front door. I felt determined to get there, but my bladder had other ideas.

I spurted. I could feel it on the inside of my thigh. I walked as fast as I could, trying my hardest not to have an accident in public. I got to the end of my road and let out another small stream. I knew this one was visible on my shorts. I gave myself a quick squeeze and started walking again, trying not to think about the relief or how far I had to go.

I could see my house. I could see the bathroom window. I was going to make it.

I got to the end of my front path. And started rummaging for my keys. Then it happened. Pee shot out of me so hard and fast and straight onto the ground. I was full on peeing myself. Outside. In public. It wouldn’t stop, no matter how hard I tried. I ran to my front door and finish peeing as quickly as I could. I opened the door and ran inside straight into my bedroom and got changed. Grabbing my wet clothes and the rest of my laundry and putting it in the washing machine before my mum got home.

I looked outside and saw that my pee puddle (and path) were drying quickly under the heat of the sun. I felt so relaxed. My bladder was finally empty and no one was ever going to find out what happened.

I hope that was ok and that you enjoyed it. Please leave me some feedback on how I could improve :)

*006*2018-03-20 01:06

{{10 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

I really liked your first story. Seems that you have a talent for writing.. I hope you continue sharing here!

}}

Thank you. Will definitely post some more :)

*007*2018-03-20 01:08

{{On 18/03/2018 at 10:54 PM, The Dark Wolf said:

I hope it wasn't too bad for you, but you wanted us to enjoy it, so I'll say it was pretty enjoyable.

}}

I didn’t enjoy it so much at the time, but looking back at it I definitely did. (Also, I know you’re on Fimfiction and I’m gonna be writing some MLP omorashi soon under @flashingdash if you’re interested ☺️)

*009*2018-03-20 14:17

{{7 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I'm interested, as long as they're peeing in an outfit that isn't a diaper.

Following you there now so I'll be notified when you write those stories. I'd recommend joining the groups My Little Toilet and My Little Fetish and adding your stories to those groups so more people with the fetishes will be able to find them. Just don't let kinkshamers or large amounts of downvotes get you down, fetish stories always get downvotes and kinkshamers are just rude.

}}

Nah, I’m not interested in diaper wetting so that won’t be happening :) and I don’t really care about kinkshammers, not the kind of person to let people like that get me down :)

*017*2018-04-17 17:33

{{On 29/03/2018 at 12:35 AM, OblivionES said:

Hey there! I am so happy to see someone close to my age on this forum ?. Great story!

}}

I always feel like a young one on here so it’s good to know I’m not alone :)

