Wetting Myself By Accident!

Author: Marlee

*000*2019-03-13 18:10

So this experience it actually quite recent. I'm not going to say exactly when as it's not important. Lets just say, this was my first time wetting myself completely unintentionally. I've wet myself before, but it was always at least a little bit of a choice on my part. Let me preface this by saying it was the day after a session of rapid desperation, so water was still semi-running straight through me. This is a pretty fun story so I thought I'd share!

So lets jump on into it shall we? We shall.

Around 12:45 pm my boyfriend and I were hanging out in his, car, he likes to unexpectedly hit me in the bladder sometimes just to see my reaction. On this particular occasion, I flinched heavily. He asked if I had to go. I did but I wasn't going to let him know that. I told him I kind of did a little bit and that was the end of it. At 1:00 I walked inside the building we were parked at, which was a library, my boyfriend drove off to run to the store. I worked in the library for a few minutes before the ache started to set in. I had to go really bad. Knowing he would enjoy it, I texted it to my boyfriend, asking if I could go. I knew he wouldn't let me. 

And of course, I was right. He texted me to finish my hydro flask (I have the forty ounce one and I carry it with me to most places). I had maybe about 25 ounces left and did as I was told. I finished it. This is when the ache really started to set in. I had to go and right then. I knew there were public bathrooms near me, as this was a library but my boyfriend would be picking me up and driving me home soon enough, and I didn't want him to get angry and punish me.

At 2:40 he told me he would be right there and to wait outside for him. Turns out this a completely LIE. I waited out there for about 25 minutes until he pulled up. He enjoyed making me wait out there in the cold. By the time I stepped in the car I was sure I was going to explode and die right there. He offered to let me go in the library but Marlee ain't no quitter. I told him I would once I got home. I bounced, shifted, and moaned and groaned the whole way home. He pressed my bladder over speed bumps and would make sudden stops in the road. That day, I wasn't intending on doing a hold. And was wearing grey dress pant-like things. You could easily see my wet spot from any given distance. My boyfriend laughed at how big it was getting. 

As he dropped me off, I hurried in. I luckily had a jacket to tie around my waist so the wet spot wasn't too noticeable. By the time I had gotten into my place, that had definitely changed. He had called me by the time I had gotten in (which was about 3:35) and told me I wasn't aloud to go until he had gotten home and into his bed. While I was waiting, I laid down several towels on my bed. He liked to see me leak so I need to protect my sheets. He doesn't live too far from me so it didn't take longer than ten minutes for him to get home and into his bed. I hoped this would be it and he would let me go. Spoiler, it was NOT.

He facetimed me, and before I answered I decided it would be a nice surprise for him if I answered naked. Which he did enjoy for sure. He told me to lay down on my bed and show him my bladder, which of course I did. He then asked me to put the phone in between my legs, spread them and leak. He liked to tell me how much to leak, when to start, when to stop etc. It's something I enjoy too as it helps with my control. I'm not going to go too much into this, because somethings I'd like to keep private, but I will mention that at one point he told me to let a big spurt out and I totally sprayed the camera of my phone. Oopsies.

Well this was all going nice and dandy, until I heard the door open to my place. My room mate who was supposed to be at work right about now had walked in. Fearing she would go straight into my room I quickly hung up the call without saying much, and threw on a pair of jean shorts and a t-shirt. I texted him soon after letting him know that my room mate had gotten home and I would call him back when she left. I asked her why she was home so soon and she said she had time between meetings. Her next one was at 4:30. It was three forty at the time. I texted him all this and he told me to have another glass. Feeling like I was literally about to explode at that exact second, i told him didn't think I could. He responded with one word: "Now.".

Well that answered that question, I got a glass and filled it and chugged the whole thing. I called him about five minutes later at 3:47 or so. I was bouncing around and couldn't stand still. He gave me permission to hold myself which I desperately used to every advantage. This was the most I had ever had to go. For the next three minutes I was bouncing and shaking. Tears were filling my eyes. Of course for my boyfriend, this was music to my ears. He loves to get me begging and desperate. I heard my room mate's voice in the other room calling for me. You know that feeling where you just stop dead in your tracks and want to die? That's the feeling I got when she did. I was sure she knew exactly what I was doing and being quite the conservative person was going to kick me out and I'd be homeless.

Luckily, that was not the case. I waddled out of my room trying to seem as natural as I could and all she wanted was the mascara I had borrowed earlier that day. That was a relief or so I thought. I had always heard that looking at a toilet was a psychological thing that made you need to pee. Well turns out that's extremely true. The second I walked into my bathroom (we have three. She uses one, I use one and guests use the other.) and took one look at my toilet, it was like a stream between my legs. I stopped and tried to hold myself or do anything possible to stop myself from peeing everywhere and getting in trouble with him.

After I realized hope the lost I tried to rip off my jean shorts to pee in the toilet. Another failed attempt. After almost ripping them trying to get them off, I settled for just sitting on the toilet fully clothed. Unfortunately by this point I was pretty much done. I had made a huge mess (which I cleaned up completely). I walked back into my room, picked up the phone that my boyfriend was still on and told him what happened. He laughed and didn't seem to care too much but trust me. I did get punished for it.

