Breathholding to the extreme

Author: therelolord

*000*2021-12-13 10:43

First of all, DO NOT TRY THIS, if you're not absolutely sure and prepared on how to do it!

I just wanted to report on how it went for me.

So, what i did was:

First the rapid desperation thing for a few hours; drink>hold>wet(or go to the toilet when you cant hold it anymore)>repeat, untill you have weaken your muscles to a point were holding it gets nearly impossible. ( of couse i made sure to not drink too much and eat while doing this)

Then I did the Breatholding thing BUT! (here comes the "do not try this" part, really, don't do it, as can be extremely dangerous if done wrong!!) Ididn't just hold my breath, i put a big bag over my head and waited untill the oxyben started to run out. I prepared enough saftey meassures; just in case if something goes wrong> Kept the bag closed with my hands (I made a tube out of it), fixated it on a shelf with a string, so that it gets ripped of my head if i should fall over and I was standing in a spot where I couldent hurt myself if i would faint.

And it worked, like it really worked in a way i was not preapeared for it!

I didnt just lost control and started to wet, I really couldent controll my bladder at all !

Normally you feel when you start to loose it and you can kinda can try to stop it, but in this case my bladder/muscle just gave up without any chance to stop it. I really tried to stop it, but it felt like my muscle was gone, literally, I tried to clench it but there was absolutely no reaction at all, like somene else controlled my bladder.

So, that's that ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Once again, do not try this!

*002*2022-02-02 09:50

{{21 hours ago, wolferine said:

This is so hot and I want to try something much tamer with my partner sometime.

}}

As far as I understood the whole thing: when oxygen runs low, your body priotizes important organs (heart, brain etc.) and therefore not needed muscles start to become weak.

A muscle that is not used, dosen't need much oxygen in its cells.

And as far as the body is concerned, as long as the urine gets OUT of your body, everything is ok, therefore the bladder (and its muscles that it needs to work) itself is not needed in a scenario where oxygen runs low. Your brain dosn't care if you just peed or pooped yourself if it fights to survive.

BUT I just have basic human anatomy knowledge, so take my explaination with a grain of salt!

And when you already have weaken your bladder over time, with the rapid desperation thing, there is not much needed for it to simply "completely fail".

If you want to try something similar with your partner, you could simply hold your breath. There is this "breath holding technique" which follows the same logic, just without you putting anything over your head.

But I had a hard time holding my breath for long, because the breathing reflex simpy won over time, so I used the bag to confuse my body, by slowly reducing oxygen with each breath.

As I said, DO NOT try this the same way i did if you're not absolutely prepared for it and have safety meassurements in place, because if you faint and not get any oxygen while fainted... well... you die.

*004*2022-02-02 12:30

{{29 minutes ago, Kitty Angel said:

As I understand it, there's supposed to be a 'perfect' point to hold your breath at. If you have too much air in your lungs, you hold it too long and carbon dioxide builds up; too little and a separate instinct kicks in to make you breathe in. (The breath reflex is triggered by carbon dioxide in your lungs; your body can't actually detect if the air has oxygen in it). Another trick would be to hold your breath with your lungs about a third full, and when you get the urge to breathe just let a little out to get rid of the CO₂ without providing extra oxygen. Someone told me that decreasing pressure in your abdomen as the diaphragm can also reduce your ability to feel if your bladder is full, confusing your sensation of pressure. But I don't know if that's true or not.

}}

I did some testing with it, but never managed to get the effect I had from my bag experiment. (but then again, I never did the rapid desperation thing before doing the breatholding so i definitely have to try it again)

