More of an Accident than I planned

Author: KAQSW

*000*2022-02-22 01:31

So it’s been a while since I’ve done a sneaky wetting at my gym in the stall and it went kinda awry. So I decided kinda on a whim to do a quick pee accident in under my shorts just because and at the end of my workout I went into a stall quick and lowered my shorts to expose my blue briefs. Needing to pee I figured I’d wet myself a little and be ready to go home. So as I released and felt nice and warm I heard the stream hitting the toilet water. So I decided to get more relaxed and let more & more go and really wet my briefs. 

But by then I started to realize my pee wasn't hitting the bowl and instead was running down my legs, soaking up the front of my shorts….. So I kinda panicked and yanked my shorts up, which are now nicely wet all along the crotch, which would be nice if I wasn’t in a public restroom . Luckily I knew I was alone at that point and scrambled to the lockers that are in the locker room/bathroom and grabbed my extra layers that I wear because it’s still cold out here. Once I had my all black outer layers on I quickly scurried out of the gym to my car feeling my accident all hidden down my legs. I’m in my car typing this up still kinda embarrassed and exhilarated by it

FullSizeRender.mov

*003*2022-02-22 06:30

{{2 hours ago, Flybaby85 said:

This happened to me today too at work. I get bored sometimes like today and I decided to pee through my underwear. Got a little carried away and before I knew it my underwear was pretty wet and my jeans showed about a tennis ball size wet spot right at the zipper. Wasn't too visible but scared the hell out of me until it dried.

}}

Yup, totally didn’t realize till it was too late. Definitely nervous till I got to my car because I felt so wet even tho it was hidden

{{58 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

How embarrassing and I’m sure this happened to the best of us.

}}

Super embarrassed, just glad no one saw lol. Guess I’ll have to be more careful next time

*007*2022-02-22 18:55

{{11 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Super embarrassing but well worth it

}}

Super worth it

{{4 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

A number of times I have peed without turning on a light and realized I'm not hearing the splash into the toilet. That's because my shirt is in the way and it's running down my leg!

}}

Same thing happened to my shirt/tank. When I realized I was wetting my shorts I dropped my shirt down over my wet pants and got a big wet spot at the bottom. I hid that under my hoodie tho.

{{11 hours ago, ClayJayton said:

I do this sometimes as well. It is one of the hottest things on earth to do! I’d do it more if I was living with someone else into it xD. It works sometimes and other times, not so much. If you think that’s bad, one time I was using a urinal and I hadn’t pulled my dick through the fly and I ended up pissing all over my blue jeans on accident accident, the edge of the zipper blocked my stream. I was mortified!

}}

Ughhhh you must’ve been soaked and blue jeans are definitely gonna show a lot. Even after I threw my layers on eventually my shorts started to seep thru and there was so wetness glistening off the black sweatpants.

