Peeing along the trail

Author: Sheepish

*000*2017-08-12 18:01

Hi there,

I don't post here often but given how much I read anonymously it's only fair that I start to share myself... and I have had some fantastic experiences over the past few months.

If you want to know - I'm a trans guy in my mid 20's, quite short (5'2"), brown hair & eyes. I work out and try to stay in reasonable shape.

I love to hike and last June I walked an 80 mile trail in Scotland. It was one of the best hikes I've done and involved a lot of wild camping with no facilities for several days at a time - so plenty of opportunities for a wild wee!

I love peeing outdoors, the natural freedom of it. I like to get desperate and then unleash a torrent onto the ground. It gets me pretty excited- and when that's the only way to pee, that makes for a lot of horniness which you can't do anything about when sharing a tent. So I spent a lot of that trip frustrated!

So, then. A collection of wild wees...

We set off early after a night of pretty heavy drinking, driving half an hour to get to our starting point. Coffee and water featured heavily to counteract the night before, so I had a slight need to go from the offset. I'd half hoped the car park would have a toilet, but there were none. Our hike started up through a popular tourist spot where the rocks form incredible structures. The path was steep and we were getting used to our backpacks (mine weighing in around 18kg). Wearing a backpack uses some of the same muscles as holding - and when they're busy with one, the other becomes much harder. 

I've had accidents through misjudging this before and was in no hurry to have wet pants given I had limited supplies to change into, so knew I'd need to let it out sooner rather than later. After an hour, I definitely needed a wee - but we were approaching another car park and the path was busy with tourists. Damn. Each time we stopped to look at the map I was gently shifting my weight, keeping my legs moving to deter my bladder from contracting. I forget exactly how long it was until we stopped, but remember dumping my pack down and walking quickly away from the rest of the group to pee. Dropping my trousers and letting it flow, I mused on how much more of this I had to look forward to.

That night we camped up on a mountain ridge, at a grassy flat section between two peaks. We got water from the stream and boiled it to make tea, before cooking our dinner. Making camp is pretty busy work - pitching the tent, getting water, layering up to avoid getting cold - and there's not always a chance to sneak off for a pee. Tea is also the worst for making me have to go - worse than coffee, which is unusual. It soon occurred to me that I hadn't emptied my bladder since lunchtime and had drunk a good 2 litres of water that day. Still, there was a lot to do and my need wasn't urgent - perhaps a 6/10, or so I thought. 

But carrying a pack really does a number on my holding muscles. Squatting down to tend to the stove, my tired pelvic floor lapsed for a moment and I had to quickly sit on my heel to avoid a leak. When the urge subsided I ran off down the hillside until I was out of sight then, wiggling as I tried to co-ordinate waterproof trousers, hiking trousers and boxers, squatted and started to release a long hissing pee onto the grass. I relaxed and looked out at the view, to see an eagle soaring through the valley. Desperate to tell the group about it, I started to stand up but realised I was still peeing, and couldn't stop! I have a pretty big bladder and however much I pushed it to go faster, it was still a good 30 seconds before I was empty. By the time I got back to the camp, the eagle was a speck in the sky.

That's all I have time to post for now - but there's much more to come! Let me know what you think.

*001*2017-08-13 13:12

Another instalment today...

The next couple of days were fairly uneventful in terms of peeing. The scenery was beautiful, the company great. We got used to peeing (and of course pooping) in the great outdoors whenever the need took us. It was so remote that we didn't really need to think about needing to go or plan in advance for it.

On the third day however, it all got a bit more tricky. At 5pm we walked into our first town in 3 days and as we approached, the path got busy. It was hot and I'd drunk my usual 2l + of water - and hadn't had a pee since mid morning. About 2 miles from our hostel I started to feel a tingle in my crotch that indicated I was starting to need to go. We were so close to the town that I thought I'd be OK, so didn't make for the bushes. But as we walked closer, my bladder seemed to fill rapidly. We stopped as we entered the town to consider where the hostel was and as I stopped walking my need became quite urgent.

I subtly pressed my legs together and shifted, barely concentrating on the conversation and very glad when we started moving again. 15 minutes later, when we found the hostel, I was bursting and ready to rush to the toilet. But there was a problem - we had booked for the wrong day. I stood at the desk, frantically squeezing my pelvic floor to keep it all in and trying to talk to the receptionist without giving away my desperate need for a wee. When he turned away to do something on his computer, I hurriedly asked my companion to take over the booking while I 'just popped to the loo' and made a mad dash before it was too late. I got to the toilet just in time and pee (and poop) exploded out of me - I had really cut it fine.

The next event of interest was on our 5th day. It was drizzling in the morning and as the day went on, it started to rain properly. Scottish rain tends to blow sideways at you and get everything *soaked*. I was wearing waterproofs and although it wouldn't have shown if I'd peed in them, cleaning up would have been impractical. That night we slept in a bothy - a basic stone shelter shared by whoever is around, with no electricity or running water, and no toilet. If you have to go, you go outside. You can pee wherever, as long as it's not too close to the bothy or running water, and take the shovel they provide a good distance away to dig a hole and poop.

There wasn't a whole lot of privacy, and the weather was awful. I hadn't been since first thing that morning because I didn't want to undress in the rain, and we were making lots of tea to warm up after being outside in it all day. I was probably at a 7/10 when we arrived - I badly wanted a wee, but could hold on for a bit. I sat in my bunk, doing the crossword with some friends, jiggling my leg and trying to ignore the urge. But it didn't go away - instead, the dull pressure in my bladder grew into an ache and finally a sharp pain. I got more and more withdrawn from the group, lying back and squirming trying to find a comfortable position.

Eventually I gave up and braved the outdoors. The rain had reduced but the wind was still strong. I walked a decent distance away and squatted in the grass, groaning softly as I finally relieved my bladder. But I'd made an error - the wind caused my pee to splatter everywhere and I soon realised I was peeing down my leg and into my sock! I struggled but managed to stop the flow for a bit, and chose a different position before letting go again. I suspected it still wasn't going in the right place but for a few seconds, the relief was too good to care.

When I looked down I saw it was still blowing all over my trouser leg and running down into my boot. I should have finished my wee, with hindsight, as the damage was done - but instinct told me it was Going Wrong and I Had To Stop. So I did. My bladder was still half full but it no longer hurt, so I decided to go back inside and hold on until the wind had died down. As night finally fell I settled into my sleeping bag. I was at a 6/10 at this point and would normally have relieved myself before bed, but it was still rough outside. So I put an arm inside my sleeping bag and held myself to dull the urge - and was so tired that I managed to fall asleep.

I woke up at midnight. It was pitch dark and oh my word, I had to pee *right now*. I was a 9.5/10 now, my bladder screaming for relief. I realised pretty quickly that if I didn't get outside immediately, it was happening right here in my sleeping bag. I stumbled out of bed and made for the door. As I stood up a spasm hit me and I had to push my fingers hard against my pee hole and dance to stop it coming out there and then. Everyone's boots were piled against the door and in the darkness I couldn't find mine. Shit. I couldn't take someone else's, what if I peed on them?! I had to let go of my crotch and shook my leg hard to deter my body from peeing as I rummaged through the pile. I opened the door to let the moonlight in and this allowed me to finally find them. 

I shoved my feet in and staggered outside, already undoing my shorts and managing to pull them down far enough that the first spurt didn't get them wet, but dampened between my thighs. There was no time to find a place, and nobody was about so I yanked my shorts all the way down and squatted where I was to finally let out all of my pent up pee. My hurry had meant I was close to the hut and it was sheltered, so it went in the right direction. I looked at my watch, and timed myself as I peed for over a minute, gushing and hissing onto the gravel. A pleasant shiver rushed through my body as my bladder finally emptied for the first time in over 12 hours. Aroused and exhausted, I allowed myself to rub my cock a few times as I was pulling up my pants and came there and then from the sheer relief. Needless to say I slept very well the rest of the night!

*003*2017-08-17 23:20

{{On 15/08/2017 at 7:12 AM, queerTboy said:

Hey I'm also a trans guy - I joined just to make this comment ?

I never know where I fit in as far as M/F but your stories are really hot. definitely inspiration haha

}}

Hey - good to hear from you! It's nice to see other trans folks are into this kinda thing. Glad you're enjoying it - and by all means take inspiration :p

*004*2017-08-17 23:49

So, two final experiences to round off this thread, but I have plenty more that aren't from this trip to post...

On our penultimate day we left the bothy as the rain began to clear and stopped mid-morning at a tiny coffee shop we passed. I had a fantastic coffee and we refilled our much-depleted water supplies. Naturally before refilling we drank our water bottles dry - and combined with the coffee, I'm sure you can see what's coming next. We all used the toilet at the harbour but by mid-afternoon I kinda had to go again. I didn't think it was urgent but as we were walking along road now, kept an eye out for a suitable place. As we were all getting pretty tired by this point we kept plodding on to our camping spot and my need grew - my bladder starting to swell against the harness of my rucksack. I wasn't going to break our stride just so I could pee though, as stopping and starting were painful on aching legs and sore feet. So I loosened the waist strap of my pack and held it.

Eventually we stopped at the side of the road to look at the map. Once my legs were no longer moving, it turned out I needed to go really quite badly. Dancing, I removed my pack and ran to the bushes, past the point of caring that my desperation was obvious to my companions. I became aroused knowing that they knew I was bursting and as I dropped my pants, I noticed I was hard. Even though my anatomy is a little different to most guys, it's still hard to pee with a hard on! I leaned against a tree and enjoyed my pee trickling slowly out, making a puddle on the ground beneath me. While I was out of sight, I took the opportunity to deal with the erection too.

Apparently I hadn't fully emptied my bladder as an hour later when we got to our camping spot, I had to go again. We had decided to camp next to a waterfall and maybe to try and swim in the pools it had created. Two of my friends decided to compete for who could find the best spot for the tents, going progressively further up the hillside to try and find a dry place to pitch. My joints were agony by this point so I was lagging behind - and with the sound of the rushing water, increasingly bursting for a wee. I didn't want to go in view of the guys, but also didn't have the energy to walk much further so I decided to wait until we swam and go in the water. After all, there was plenty to dilute it!

My friends were taking *forever* to find a pitch though. A spasm hit me and I bent down to control it, pretending to adjust my boots. I knew if I waited much longer there's a strong chance I'd end up with wet pants, considering the work my bladder (and all my other muscles!) had done lately. I hobbled off under a slight bump in the hill, hoping that was enough to hide me, and squatted to release a strong jet. It soaked into the boggy ground at first but quickly saturated it and formed a frothy pool between my feet. Relieved, I returned to the group who were still trying to decide where to pitch. I'm sure I would have had an accident if I'd waited for them!

