Theater pee-views ;)

Author: Jaylah

*000*2017-01-06 09:13

Jan 4th, 2017

Today I was wearing a knee length denim khaki skirt, black button shirt to my elbow, my hair was in a French braid, lace pink v-string with pink bra, and black pantyhose.

My hubby took me out on a date. We went and grabbed tea and coffee, then went to the movie theatre, where I got a litre of fresca soda. Yum ^^'

We were like 20min early, but we like to have left row seats by the back. I could feel the tea from earlier kinda hit me some but not enough to set off any alarms. We were whispering, giggling, looking around to see if we knew anyone. I whispered in his ear about when was the last time I went down on him In the theatre, i could tell his face went bright red, I smiled and rested my head against his arm. The previews sucked, something I could of been doing myself for my hubby ;) since we were alone for a few sections around. I sat there sipping my soda.

Maybe 45minutes passed and this time I was having a growing need to pee. My bladder was filling up and aching, I was getting uncomfortable, I crossed my legs and took in a deep breath. My hubby turned to whisper at me. "Are you okay?"

I nodded as I sipped more of my soda. Obviously he doesn't know me by now ^^' lol, bad boy! I kinda rocked back and forth, it was getting painful now, I just wanted to see the movie! I refuse to waste money so if I pee right here right now so be it!

I clutched rather hard onto my hubby's arm, and he was kinda piecing it together, "Sing" wasn't a scary movie ^^'

My breathing became hard and short, my nipples were incredibly hard, it hurted, I could feel my private area swell abit as it was doing everything it could to hold on tight. It dawned on me, the last time I had a similar accident in the theatre or related somehow was my first time, I was kicking myself for not dressing in similar wardrobe :P

I whispered "can I have your hand?"

He gave me his hand and I placed it on my private area through my skirt.

"You make me wet" I winked as I began to feel relief in my bladder. I closed my eyes and you could hear the faint hissing sound as it came rushing out, and the dripping. Luckily with the movie playing and it being loud no one could hear ^^' or see!!

I bit my lip to contain a moan. I could feel my skirt soak like no ones buisness. I re adjusted myself and straightened my skirt out and finished Peeing. Sweet relief ^^'

I could feel the pee pool around my butt being absorbed by the seat and my skirt.

"Oops" I giggled ^^'

I sat there during the rest of the movie in wet clothes. I didnt think this one through. The movie ended, I had to pee again, but this time I wanted my hubby to see, lol,

He was nice and put his jacket around my waist and we went to the van that he parked across the street.

"Anyone around?" I asked looking

"No, why?" He asked me.

I gave him back his jacket pressed my hands against my crotch and kinda half bent pressing inwards.

"Want to watch?" I asked him In a seductive tone.

He turned to look at me and I began to pee, a wet spot formed and you could see the pee run through my skirt.

"Hmm" I moaned out as pee still came out, as I closed my eyes. I could feel the pee pool in my shoes.

My hubby was very turned on and took me home where he gave me a very "hard time" ;)

*002*2017-01-06 16:51

It was a daring move ^^'

*005*2017-01-06 17:06

I can't wait to have one, my hubby's away at the base to help with whatever it is he does, he offered to tell me but it's kinda boring the way he makes it sound =| lol, he's big into omo, so I try to do make it hot for him, I don't wanna risk him looking it out even out of curiousity, we fulfill his lusts and mine combined ^^'

I'll stop typing now

*007*2017-01-11 02:50

{{27 minutes ago, Ghost13 said:

I wish my girlfriend was as into it as me, haha. I often tease her about it, and we've discussed doing public stuff... but she's too shy, haha. Damn though, you're brave.

}}

It's not easy, the fear of being caught and getting in trouble is real ^^'

*009*2017-01-11 03:07

{{9 minutes ago, Ghost13 said:

YEAH thats my fear. I've wet in public a few times, but it was always at night when no one was around.

}}

It's the risk factor, I find the risk is a huge huge turn on for me and even for my hubby, we did some daring stuff and almost got caught, got caught by the police, got caught by ppl, no regrets, hard to explain to a few people of what we were doing, like me being tied up to a table forced to pee myself and had my brothers girlfriend walk in in the middle to get her jacket she left, it made it weird...very weird. My hubby was almost arrested for our little rough sex bit, by my bosses husband, who is a police officer on duty at the time...he didn't tell his wife anything, told us to find another place lol, plus my hubby is in the army, which helps i think to a point

*011*2017-01-11 16:43

{{13 hours ago, Ghost13 said:

Omg yeah the risk factor is super hot. wow at you two not getting in more trouble for that!!

}}

When you know the police officer that's busting you lol, it helps, that and my hubby is in good ranks with the Army, and does a lot in the local community, we just learned to be abit more careful ^^'

*013*2017-01-12 07:22

Probably the poor cleaning guys, what I left out was my hubby "accidently" spilt the rest of the soda on the chairs by "tripping",

*015*2017-01-13 16:14

I didn't think the movie would of been as good as it was ^^'

*016*2017-01-13 16:24

{{11 hours ago, lovetohold said:

You peed during SING? Lol! I loved that movie.

And I'm jealous. I've never peed in a theater. It has been my dream to try.

}}

It was nerve racking to say the least, even my hubby was more in shock, but he adapts fast to whatever happens around him ^^', Q: What exactly is pansexual? Just curious is all ^^'

*018*2017-01-14 17:44

Gotcha ^^'

