Drenching Myself After Almost 12 Hours (+ video)

Author: Sir Nobody

*000*2012-10-17 19:27

It's been a little since I've had the chance to wet my pants. While at work the other day, I had little help and had to go to lunch early in order to compensate for the other employees that came in. As my break time winded down, I decided not to use the bathroom since I had hardly been at work for very long. My shift ended and I went home. After a few hours of leisure, it dawned on me: I haven't used the bathroom since 7:50 this morning. It was almost 5 and I wasn't feeling too bad, but I didn't drink a lot that day. Unfortunately, I couldn't have the epic accident I wanted since I had family around.

Two days later, I had my chance. While at work, I used the bathroom around noon and set a goal for myself: Midnight. I got home from work and after watching the soccer game, I realized that this is pretty easy. It was close to 9 when I decided to really earn my stripes. Earlier that day, I had a medium lemonade from McDonalds, a 591 mL Gatorade, and a glass of iced tea. Feeling at about a 7.5 on the bladder scale, I went up stairs and started hitting the fluids. I added a bottle of water, two glasses of apple cider, and two more glasses of tea from 9-11.

It was only an hour until my goal, but I was truly desperate to relieve myself. My holding muscles were tired from a full day and climbing the stairs every few minutes was pure, blissful, arousing agony. With about a half-hour to go, I knew I wasn't going to make it. I set up my camera, turned on the faucet (for added psychological pressure), and climbed in the tub, only seconds away from losing all control on my first spurt.

It was a real torrent. I burst at the :40 mark and keep peeing forcefully for a long time. I had to cut off the video at 2:14 because even short videos take an enormous amount of space, but even past the end urine was still dribbling out of me. You can see that my whole front is soaked as far wide as the edges of my pockets. I hope you all enjoy this one because I sure did. ;)

HDV_0099.MP4

