Can barely make it across the room before peeing

Author: nAt2017

*000*2019-08-26 19:49

I love holding a full bladder when there's a bathroom less than 10 feet away, and I wait so long that I can barely make it that far before bursting. Has anyone ever had an experience like that? I usually stay in one position when I'm trying to maintain control for a really long time, so sometimes, I don't realize how badly I have to pee until I stand up and gravity makes all the liquid slosh down in my bladder. Then I have to grab my crotch and shuffle to the toilet as fast as I can!

I'm holding a fair amount of liquid in my bladder right now, and sitting in a very comfortable chair... since I don't have to be anywhere for another few hours, I think I'm going to stay right here until I truly can't hold it any longer. I'm not sure if I'll have the willpower, though – I already need to go really bad!

When I held this morning, the urge to pee got SO much worse when I got into the bathroom. The minute I saw the toilet, my body tried to let go! I could barely get my pants off before releasing. I really want to get to that level of desperation again this afternoon!

*002*2019-08-26 20:44

I'm sitting down right now, but I can already feel the pee starting to come out... which means that when I stand up, I'm going to be frantic! I'm trying to hold it in for now, but I really need to go...

*005*2019-08-27 12:13

{{12 hours ago, Gregg said:

How do you pass the time when you start to get really desperate?

}}

I like watching videos of other people who really have to go! That typically speeds things along... when I’m truly bursting, I often can’t think of anything but pee

{{9 minutes ago, waterrat said:

You could wear clothes that are not so easy to get out of, like bodysuits or something like that. Would be interesting to delay your relief for a few more seconds...

}}

Ooh, good idea!

