The ACT - A Desperate Nerd

Author: ellemenopee

*000*2012-08-09 06:51

Just a warning: I'm a writer. I do it compulsively. If you don't like a backstory, please feel free to skip to the italicized section and ignore all the verbose garbage in between. =) I'm also a super-newbie. If I'm not following any conventions, please let me know, and I'll adjust ASAP.

I was a senior in my final semester of high school, and had spent most of the previous two months touring colleges. My parents are both doctors; my brother is now studying engineering at one of the top schools in the country. Needless to say, mine is a family of...achievers. No pressure, right?

So, anyway, a few of the schools I applied to also wanted to see ACT scores (which, for anyone who doesn't know, is basically just a national standardized test for high school students transferring to colleges. The SAT is very similar). I had already taken and scored fairly well on my SATs, so I was not digging this, particularly because the test was early on a Saturday morning, and I was in my second semester of my senior year. The ONLY thing I wanted to do was sleep in and watch Disney movies with my friends.

That morning before leaving, I had a huge argument with my mom, because I woke up too late to eat breakfast, and instead decided to down a thermos of coffee on the way to the facility, about a half hour drive. I packed light, because those ACT folks don't mess around: a calculator, three sharpened pencils, an eraser, a book to read when I finished testing, a a large bottle of water, because I have testing anxiety, and I drink like a fish when I'm thinking.

Pause: You'd THINK I'd see the problem here, right? Wrong. I'm an idiot.

The drive there was uneventful. The slightest twinge in my bladder that was completely ignorable, because I hadn't even started drinking my water yet.

Fast forward and hour, and I'm working on section one of the test, English. English has by far been my best and favorite subject in school since I was a child, and I was almost enjoying this section...except that now I'm regretting having anxiously chugged half of my ocean-sized water bottle before the test. It seemed like a good idea at the time. My hands were shaking between the nerves and the caffeine from the coffee, so I chugged to help calm down.

It occurred to me it was going on 10 am – which meant roughly twelve hours since the last time I'd used the bathroom, and that's without the the coffee, water, and the hot chocolate I'd had the night before.

'It's okay,' I started telling myself, chewing on the end of my pencil. 'You're okay. You're a big girl. You're going to college in the spring. You are NOT going to wet yourself.'

My bladder gave another contraction, as if to say, ' lol, yeah, right.' But I'd been flying back and forth across the country in window seats for a month. I could handle a little desperation.

The English section was 45 minutes long, and by the end, I had hit about a 7 of 10 on the desperation scale. Not SUPER urgent, but definitely getting there. I was just excusing myself to go use the rest room, when the instructor called my name to go up to the front of the room. Not only was I mortified in a room full of about 100 judgmental high school students, but I also *really* had to pee.

As I stood up, I had to pretend to fiddle with my bag as she shift in position made my bladder scream obscenities at me. I stood there and clenched until I was sure I could hold it, then I walked to the front of the room. As it turned out, it was just my mother calling to make sure I'd brought my calculator (I had), and she couldn't reach me on my cell, because I'd turned it off for the test. By the time I'd walked (briskly, stopping every so often) to the office and back, the next section was in progress. People were taking out their stuff, the instructor was setting the clock for an hour, and my desperation was at a nine.

That's when the real torture started. Now, I'm pretty bad at math on a good day, but when my bladder is full to bursting, and all I can think about is how good it would feel to let go?

I was pretty sure I wasn't getting into college.

The section was 60 minutes and 60 questions long. I closed my eyes, clenched hard, and snuck a few fingers down there to help relieve some of the pain. My desperation dropped back down to six.

'Alright. 60 minutes. 60 questions. That's a minute per question. 60 seconds. You can hold it sixty seconds.'

This is what I thought. Instead, all it did was make the count down worse:

Question 10: My desperation is back up again, and I'm rocking in my chair, trying to find a comfortable position. I keep squeezing my legs together, all while trying to look like a normal human being AND recall basic trig rules.

Question 20: It's getting difficult to focus. I'm well behind where I should be, because I can't even answer questions anymore. I can feel my muscles trembling, and I've jammed my sweatshirt between my legs, praying that the pressure and pain ease up. It's getting very difficult not to moan.

Question 25: I can't take it anymore. There's no way I'll be able to finish this test if I can't focus. I raise my hand to ask the instructor to be excused. She gestures for me to come to her, and I honestly think I'll lose it there.

I make a big show of put my calculator safely on the ground, but really, I'm moaning into my knees, and trying to ease some of the pressure building in my bladder. I put out a leg to stand up, and feel my entire stomach go cold, then hot, then cold again as a small amount of liquid forces its way out of me. I stand quickly, leaning as casually against the desk as I can, trying hard to gain control, all the while thinking, 'It would feel so, so good to just let go now. I'll take the test later, and never see any of these kids again.' But I know if I come home saying, "I couldn't finish the test, because I had to pee on the carpet," my parents will go ballistic.

I make my way slowly to the front of the room for a second time, one foot in front of the other, trying to will the urine back up inside of me. I explain the situation to the instructor. She apologizes – if I leave, I won't be able to enter the room again until the test is done. She asks how far I've gotten. I tell her I've only *actually* answered about 12 questions, and am running far behind. She apologizes again and asks if it's worth. I know what she wants me to say.

Question 35: At this point, I'm just filling in bubbles to look like I've done something. I know I'll have to take the test again. It doesn't matter. Nothing matters, except getting to a bathroom. All I can think about is the relief that's coming, and I begin imagining scenarios, almost dreaming I'm in the bathroom, standing over the toilet, letting it all flow out of me, relieving my bladder in a matter of seconds.

Question 45: Just a few more minutes. Just a few more minutes. I can't think anything except – just a few more minutes.

Question 49: There are teeth marks in my pencil, and I'm almost crying from the pain. I haven't actually read a question in almost half an hour. Desperation is at an eleven. My legs feel weak and shaky, and there are goosebumps everywhere on my body. I'm trying to remember how to breathe, and trying not to cry at the same time. A contraction makes me groan aloud – a cough to cover it, and spurt again into my underpants. The relief is so great I almost give up and go right there. The thought makes my bladder release, and I have to sit forward to keep from having a full blown accident.

It's time to go.

I don't even stop to talk to the instructor. I just explain on my way out the door I did the best I could, and I'll wait outside until the other students are done.

As soon as I got outside, I felt warmth on the inside of my thighs. I knew there was no stopping it then, so I bent over and started run-walking toward the closest bathroom. Every step was torture – every bounce forced another spurt out of me. I wanted to fall down and let it come there, just for the relief. I'm moaning in pain as I run, both hands in my crotch, trying to hold everything in, even as my fingers are collecting warm drops.

I made it to the bathroom, and the sight of the toilet almost killed me – there was another spurt, then a longer one, then I couldn't hold it back anymore, and my body let go before my pants were all the way down. It all came out of me like a flood, unstoppable, and I was surprised at how much there actually was. Once I was down, I was down for almost two minutes, crying again, but with relief this time. My jeans were wet in the back, so I had to tie my sweat shirt around my waist before I went back into the classroom. Fortunately, it was break time, so I could just sit down without anyone knowing the wiser.

I was there for another three hours, and used every bathroom break I could, since my bladder couldn't hold much after that. I had another two brief spurts while waiting in line, but nothing compared to the first time.

And for anyone who's curious – My ACT score SUCKED. =p

Hope you enjoyed! I had a lot of fun with this, so please, suggest away! I'd love to write more, if it's appreciated.

~Nice

*006*2012-08-10 05:23

Thank you all! What a great reception for a first post! Confidence -> boosted.

And don't worry about the ACT. That was years ago. College has come and gone since then, and all poor test scores were successfully buried. =p

*008*2012-08-10 05:59

^I *knew* I couldn't be the only one. How do they expect you to focus when you're fit to burst? They ought to have a national recall of all less than stellar testing scores, so we can AT LEAST appeal for a fair trial. =D

*012*2012-08-10 18:14

{{ 

Great story. Sorry to hear about whatever those Act scores are, but loved the federation descriptions.

}}

Thanks so much! That was probably the best and worst I've ever felt, so I wanted to be sure to get that part right.

{{ 

This is honestly probably the best story I've read on this site. The desperation descriptions are excellent, and describe exactly what you were feeling and thinking. There is nothing sexier in the world to me than a woman needing to pee but unable to go.

I applaud you for writing such a wonderful story so early, and welcome to the site! You're a very welcome person already!

}}

Wow, thanks! You have no idea how much that means to me. I wanted to get started in a big way (mostly so I couldn't chicken out and back out later, lol), so it's nice to hear that.

{{ 

Amazing story! I think that many people can relate to this, too. I got a bit damp during the ACT test when I took it as well.

}}

Right??? Too much thinking, not enough time in between. Then again, maybe it works out for the best. =p

*014*2012-09-03 01:50

{{ 

Hey Izzy, you are truly a fantastic writer, I can see why they pay you to do it ;)

Any other stories that you would like to share? Maybe one where you weren't lucky enough to make it :)?

}}

Thank you! I appreciate it! I'm actually working on one now. =)

*018*2013-02-02 22:23

Thanks! Maybe I should try grad school.

