I have no control today!

Author: Jaieee

*000*2021-04-12 02:58

I seriously can't believe this happened! I walked to the store this evening to get a bottle of champagne. I put on a pair of black tights under my skirt because the sun went down and it's starting to get cold.

One thing I love at this grocery store is that it has a cold water machine that chills your wine bottle while you shop. Unfortunately for me, water has a way of making me feel really urgent, even if I don't really have to pee that bad!

So anyway, I chose my wine, set it in the cooler, and went to grab a couple more things. My bladder wasn't empty, but going to the bathroom was far from my mind. I returned to the wine cooler and checked my bottles. They weren't very cold yet, so I left them in. My fingertips were wet from checking the bottles, and that brought the first sudden wave of deseration. I instinctively tightened my muscles to avoid any leaks. I began to shift my weight from foot to foot because the sound of the water swirling made it impossible to relax. Every ounce of liquid in my bladder became very noticeable in a second rush of desperation.

I was so frustrated. I barely had to go, but there I was, holding myself in public. A lady turned the corner and I quickly removed my hand to avoid embarrassment. She grabbed a red wine, and kept on her way. I decided that it wasn't worth it to stay any longer, so I reached for my bottles in the water. The machine hummed loudly, and right as my hand touched the water, my muscles gave in. I stood frozen in the aisle as a small stream of pee ran down my black tights. I slipped off my new shoes, not wanting to get them wet, and felt my underwear begin to soak. The nylons I was wearing were so tight that most of my accident was being absorbed by the fabric underneath.

I stood with my legs crossed and wet my panties where I stood. I watched piss trickle down to my knee before disappearing. I was lucky that no mess had been made. Just as I went to feel the wet spot between my legs, a man turned the corner and began browsing the aisle. I nearly jumped with fear and panicked to find a way to casually grab my shoes without drawing attention to myself. I pretended to adjust the straps on them, and squeezed my legs together so he couldn't see they were wet. I slipped my shoes back on and hurried to the register.

I waited in the long line for nearly 7 minutes. By this time, the champagne I had already drank this evening was beginning to catch up with me, and despite that small accident, my bladder was beginning to hurt. I paid for my items with cold nylons clinging to my legs, and left the store to walk home.

I walked quickly and was aroused to feel my pussy grazing against my wet underwear with each step. I reached my apartment and was ready to burst. I knew my roommate was inside, and I couldn't bear to walk by him when I was clearly close to having an accident. I considered running in and heading straight for the bathroom, but I was so nervous that I stopped in the stairwell. I weighed my options as I began to squirm on the steps.

I figured since I was wearing all black, it would be easier to hide an accident than it would be to hide my desperate run to the bathroom. I moved down to the landing closest to out door, pulled up my skirt, and wet myself on the stairs. Of course with my luck, I heard a neighbor's door. I panicked and stopped, just in case. I came inside, saw my roommate was thoroughly occupied with his game, and took a towel into my bedroom to finish ☺

20210411_184623.mp4

