Desperate wetting trapped in my room

Author: OliviaGardner

*000*2021-05-04 21:48

Heyyy! Its been ages since i have been on here, i have just been really busy. I also had the chance the other day however to try another hold annnnd there isnt much else to say so this is how it went:

I woke up at like 11 last weekend, had a shower and peed, and then ate breakfast. I knew I already wanted to do a hold so i decided to drink 2 rather large cups of tea with breakfast and then went about my day with a glass of water constantly next to me. I drank ALOT of water that day. I was really fucking desperate by like 4 in the afternoon. I had spent the day playing the ukulele, reading harry potter for the 100th time and playing through Portal 2 again because its one of my favourite gamessss! I was going through the levels in portal 2 with cave johnson (the brilliant J.K Simmons) when I leaked.

It was weird because i normally know when im going to leak and it never surprises me like that but i must've just been really into the game or I drank alot. I was wearing some random grey jogging bottoms and a pair of grey guy underwear (its comfy) along with a long sleeve tshirt as i was having a comfy lazy day. Oh and i also wasnt wearing a bra if people want a clear picture .

Anywaysss I ended up trying to pass the level i was playing before heading down to the bathroom to see how much longer i could hold. I wasnt even planning on peeing any clothes but since i had leaked already i didnt really care about playing it too safe. I didnt even last another minute before i leaked again. I had my legs squeezed together and was really trying to get through the level so i didnt stop for this leak either. I ended up bent over with my hand in between my legs for a couple seconds from an intense wave of desperate urges. I ended up just deciding to push through and not come off the game until i had finished the level (You would think after playing this game a couple times through i would know what to do) I was bobbing in my chair so much when playing the game.

I had a massive dark grey wet patch in between my legs and when i stood up i could feel a small drip of pee going down the back of my leg. I couldnt go out of my room now with these clothes in case someone saw me so i decided to use a towel to pee in... only to find that i didnt have any towels in my room. I was starting to panic now cuz i couldnt stand straight and had to have at least one hand firmly in between my legs at all time or i would have peed right there and then. I didnt want to pee on the floor (for obvious reasons) so i was getting pretty worried. I was bouncing up and down bent over when i saw a plastic bottle under my bed.

Using a bottle has always been a small life goal of mine for some reason so i decided it would be a good fix to my problems. I reached down to get the bottle and leaked a little more. Idk if anyone else gets that feeling before they are about to wet themselves sometimes when you know you are about to wet yourself no matter what you do and you have like 4 seconds to do something. I knew what was about to happen so as fast as i could i yanked off my jogging bottoms and pants. as soon as my pants had gotten to my knees i just couldnt hold it in anymore and started peeing.

I trying really hard to stop it as i unscrewed the bottle lid but the longest i could stop the flow was for like a second. So at this point i was peeing all over my legs and clothes around my knees whilst clumsily trying to take the lid off of the bottle. I got the lid off of the bottle and tried peeing in it but as it turns out, i suck at peeing in bottles apparently. I think i got more on my hand, clothes, and floor then i did in the bottle.

I really fucking enjoyed this expirience personally XD Was a bit more of a cleanup then im used too but oh well it was very fun and turned me on a lot!

I decided today to try and do a hold and write up my weekend expirience at the same time tonight but i dont think i drank enough because Im still completely dry :(( im quite desperate but it wasnt that hard writing this when needing to pee. I dont know if i should just give up and go pee or not XD

Anyways i really hope you enjoyed reading this as much i enjoyed doing it

