Soaking my pants in the car

Author: kilianj74

*000*2021-05-10 23:13

As an adult I have only had two genuine accidents (as opposed to times when I wet myself for my own pleasure). Fortunately for me both the times I have wet my pants uncontrollably weren't noticed by others. My first time was walking home late at night (detailed in my other post) and I put it down to drinking a lot and a long walk. The second time, however, I was alone in my car and genuinely shocked I wet myself but reading this forum it seems a lot of people have got desperate in a car so I don't feel quite so bad.

My first accident took place when I was late twenties and my second a couple of years later when I was about 31. When I turned 30 I had a rough year - my ex broke up with me and I suffered badly from anxiety. This led me to develop IBS (irritable bowel syndrome) which means for me that when I am stressed I get bloated around the stomach (looking pregnant haha), gassy, and sometimes urgently needing the toilet. Although this affects my bowels mostly it means at times a lot of pressure is placed on my bladder meaning I get a sudden need to pee at times. I have also found that when I am desperate if I can manage to fart and release gas it can significantly ease my desperation to pee. If I can't do that, I have to pee much sooner, and sometimes it restricts my ability to just "leak a bit" - I know if I let go a tiny bit the floodgates will open. Or I would accidentally poop my pants which I would not enjoy.

When I turned 30 my housemate moved out, so I was living alone in a rented terrace house with on street parking. This frequently meant I couldn't get a parking space outside my house - at busy times I would be parked down the street and round the corner. I used to drive to my parents fairly regularly, a trip of around 2 1/2 hours and I used to do that in one, drinking coffee beforehand to stay alert for the long drive. I am a careful driver but not always relaxed when I drive, and when I developed my anxiety and IBS I had moments when I felt quite stressed after seeing my family.

Even if I went to the toilet before driving home from my parents there were a couple of occasions where I felt suddenly desperate, and would plan to stop in a layby in the countryside just 30 mins after leaving them to relieve myself before I got onto the motorways. When in my car seat I needed to concentrate fully on my driving not my bladder, and trapped in a car there is no ability to squirm, move or hold yourself so I just had to rely on clamping down my bladder musles until I found a safe place to stop. I had a few close calls where I felt sure I would soak myself in my car but managed to hold on just in time.

On the day I had a wetting accident, however, I wasn't travelling an especially long way. I had been to a choir rehearsal, and it was the custom of the choir to have a drink at the pub near the rehearsal venue afterwards, about 25 mins drive from where I live. I was always very careful about sticking to UK drink driving limits, so would never have more than a pint of beer. I usually regularly visit bathrooms in pubs, and one pint doesn't affect my bladder that badly usually.

However for some reason on this day, when I was about 15 mins from home in my car, I felt an urgent need to get to the bathroom fast. It came on very suddenly, but I knew from experience that if I had been on the motorway I would have been looking out for the next service station or parking layby I could find. I was in the city, however, so parking the car to pee at the side of the street wasn't an option. Surely I thought I can manage 15 minutes.

I carried on driving, and at every set of traffic lights adjusted my position to try and get comfortable. I did all the things I could think to avoid pressure on my bladder - moving the seatbelt to the best place, undoing my trouser button and zip so there was no pressure there. But I felt my whole stomach was clogged and there was no way to release gas to ease the pressure. I thought about leaking into my pants a bit to make a difference (I had tried this after drinking beer before and sometimes it helped) but it soon became apparent to me that if I broke the seal and wet at all, it would be a full blown soaking.

Eventually I got to a crossroads and stopped at a set of traffic lights, which was literally only a couple of streets from where I lived. All I needed to do was cross this set of crossroads, drive for a minute down the high street (which could get blocked, but wasn't usually too bad) then I would turn in to the road where I lived. However my bladder had other ideas. The entirety of my crotch region had gone from a state of cramping and discomfort to complete numbness and mildly spasming, and my legs were shaking.

I was parked at a red light, and I knew at that moment that I was going to wet myself. I also knew that I couldn't pull over (I was on a three lane road) and I would have a job even operating the pedals and starting up again unless I sorted this. My brain was a mush and my priority to safely drive was to get my mind off my bladder and relax my legs to drive the car, so I pushed to let out a leak into my briefs and jeans.

As soon as I started, that was it. I felt the hot pee flood into my pants in a steady stream, and heard the hissing noise of a full blown accident and complete loss of control. I hadn't wet myself like that in such a desparate way since I was a kid at school (even my first accident had been a more controlled affair). I had no seat protection so felt the warm wetness in my underpants, jeans, legs and even soaking into the fabric of the seat.

I got back home and someone else was parked outside my house, so I parked round the corner. and sat in my car. I had completely emptied my bladder and had nothing left, so now my priority was now the car the seat. I hadn't a clue what to do. At first I tried to blast up the heating and direct it to dry the seat (no idea if that would do a thing) or not. Then I did the walk of shame up my street in wet pants when the coast was clear (walking past about 20 houses in all). I changed out of my wet things and prepared a basket of cleaning things (a towel, some kitchen cleaner, and a small pot of baking soda) and went back to my car. I tried to clean the seat with a towel, then the cleaning cloths, then the baking soda, all the while not having a clue what to do.

Over the next couple of weeks I eventually got the smell out of the seat, using cleaning vinegar, baking soda and a hoover. I managed to park outside my house but had to do this subtly knowing that the people walking up and down the street probably wondered what on earth I was doing!

Hope you enjoyed the story!

*003*2021-05-11 12:38

{{10 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

I'm not one of those people who can just let out a little to ease the pressure. Once I start to pee I can't stop until I'm at least half empty. Also, trying to let out a little gas with a full bladder doesn't work well for me, either!

}}

When I drink a few beers I could let out a bit early on if I want, or a planned wetting in the shower, but I don't think it eases things it just makes me more desperate. If I am really desperate though I don't have the control for a partial release - it's all or nothing!

