Azula's Nightclub Desperation

Author: Lips

*000*2016-07-05 00:25

Hello all! It’s been a long time since I’ve written a story or experience omo in particular, but last night put an end to my non-omo experience in a long time…for now at the very least. So, a few days ago, it was my b-day. But since everyone was busy that day, we’ve (friends and I) decided to celebrate it on the weekend. Which worked for me. So last night, as you guys should figure out by now, I’m now 21. And what is the first thing 21 year olds do? Buy alcohol and go to clubs. And when alcohol is involved…So are omo moments.

“We only have 30 minutes to get ready!” was what my friend and I heard as we came into her house. So she and I rushed to get ready. I considered beating my face (the term “beating face” is another way of saying putting on makeup) but I’m no good at contouring, so I just settled with red lipstick; which matched my flowing short blue dress with red flowers on them. As soon as I was satisfied with my look, I waited for one of our mutual friends to finish getting ready. While I waited, I thought it’d be a good time to drink a glass of pinnacle. And let me tell you, that drink was strong as fuck. But I did eventually gulped it down.

Everyone was finally ready to leave, so we left the house around midnight. While on our way to the club, my best friend filled our bottles half way (the bottle could hold 24fl oz.) with more pinnacle mixed with mango juice. By the time we got there, I downed the whole thing. I was feeling tipsy and felt a little bit of liquid in my bladder, but not enough to use the bathroom. But after having guys buying me drinks while I dance my night away to reggae music, the inevitable was to come.

After leaving the club with a guy, we stopped and chatted (although he did attempt to get me into his car – but I wasn’t having it. I’ve seen too many lifetime movies to know that’s usually not a good idea) And since there was no re-entry to that club, I had no choice but to wait for the club to shut down, which was in 10 minutes so I wasn’t pressed about it. While waiting for my friends to come out, the effects of alcohol was taking over my bladder, and I needed to use the bathroom – badly, needless to say. So I started to cross my legs, but each minute was getting worse and it doesn’t help by that time, I was drunk. So I had 3 options:

1. Ask to go back into the club to use the bathroom.

2. Find a well secluded area to take a piss.

3. Wait until I got home to use the bathroom.

2 and 3 were options just in case the bouncer didn’t let me back in, but they were both risky. I thought about not asking because to be honest, I feel weird admitting I need to go to the bathroom. But when I’m drunk, it’s definitely the opposite. Anyway, I decided to ask the bouncer nicely with my thick thighs pressed against one another. Trying to hold in my pee. He told me to wait one moment but all I could think about was “please…hurry” as a small amount of pee started to escape my lips.

The bouncer came back after what seemed like an eternity (only though it was 5 minutes) and said I could go in. I thanked him kindly and sped walked to the bathroom. I see my friends in the bathroom, and they asked where I was. Since I was on the verge of wetting myself, I walked past them without saying a word, entered the stall, removed my polka dot thong – which was already damp, and let the pee flowed out while letting out a long sigh. I think I peed for like a minute or two but regardless, it felt orgasmic. After relieving myself, I answered their question. They told me to be careful next time and we went on our way to a restaurant.

After a night out like that, I can’t help but to wonder what would’ve happened if I had decided to be very naughty.

*002*2016-07-09 03:46

{{4 hours ago, poodle21 said:

Nice story! since you only just got to the bathroom in time, it doesn't sound like number 3 was really an option for you that night. A wet thong under a dress is easy to keep secret though, or so i'm told....

}}

Thank you!

And it is, but I was with a group of people that night. So I didn't want to make them look bad - Even if I could have went with option 2. If that makes sense.

*005*2016-07-14 20:29

{{On 7/10/2016 at 0:45 AM, ADL said:

I wonder what would happen if they didnt let you return to the club to use the bathroom.

Plus, you should do more videos.

}}

Thank you!

And once I get my own place, I shall.

{{On 7/10/2016 at 3:46 PM, corsa198 said:

Great story!

A wet thong would have been very naughty :) but I'm sure you'll have many more opportunities.

}}

Thank you!

It would have. I also plan on having more opportunities. :D

