Business trip double fun

Author: JulesH

*000*2018-08-18 09:53

This is about a conference I participated last month in Osaka. Although it was a very lucky time to get two dates (specially with some omorashi fun)... the second one did or may end up in trouble in the future (advice appreciated!).

As I love the city, I stayed for the full duration (4 days) of the conference. Almost two years ago I met on Tinder (with my omorashi fetish profile) a really nice girl from there. We chatted daily for almost two months and she even made me a video of herself wetting her "pajamas" (lycra pants) in the morning at the ofuro before taking a shower to go to work. Although she doesn't have the fetish, she is very cool with it and we enjoyed exploring each other kinks. Unfortunately we had never had any opportunity to meet until then, so this time we finally decided to meet in a cafe in Umeda on my first day there. She works near there and, by sheer coincidence, my hotel was also located nearby.

First part:

The conference ended around 5pm on he first day and I went to the cafe to wait for her. She arrived at around 7:30 as she had to do some overtime. She was using a light pink shirt with a dark (blue? black? I forgot) skirt, a very thin skin-color pantyhose, and black shoes, typical Japanese office-worker clothes (but without the jacket, as it was summer). Her body type is chubby, but sexy. She has good proportions, not too wide hips, large breasts and thick legs, all coupled to a very innocent roundish face. She still uses long bangs which are always falling on her eyes and contributes for the cute look, and unlike almost all Japaneses she prefers glasses rather than contacts, although it is one of those black thick frames, quite fashionable and not nerdy at all.

We talked mostly about how nice it was to finally see each other and everything looked pretty innocent. In just 30 minutes we finished our coffees and she asked about my hotel. I'm proud of my hotel finding skills, so I told her about how nice it was, with big windows and that is probably had a nice view at night, right away she asked to see it. Again, it seemed really innocent: she said since she doesn't have much time to travel as she need to take care of her young daughter she haven't stayed in a hotel for a long time, and she loves staying outside home.

We got there, chatted, things got more romantic while sitting by the window, she was telling me which buildings are which "that one is that famous department store... that is close to my work... that..." and pointing. We got closer and closer and finally touched the subject of the videos we sent each other 2 years before. We showed each other the videos and remembered them (quite shyly actually). Then I said my favorite one as the omorashi video.

Her: Oh, really? More than the naked ones? That's cute... do you still like omorashi?

Me: hm.... I do. I don't think those things change...

Her: Do you want me to pee for you?

I was so surprised at the question. We were not making out or anything until that time. Right away I started kissing her we moved to the bed and made out for a while. Unfortunately......... I didn't have any condoms (I know I know.. I'm a dumbass) but I continued to tease and please her in other ways (and I told her I love teasing and touching). All that while she was still wearing her bra-although it was not covering anything by then, panties and pantyhose, which were very wet. I kept my shirt (opened by then) and underwear. After a while she asked to reciprocate, moved down and made a motion to remove my underwear... at the time I gathered my courage:

Me: hm... if it's ok... how about the pee?

Her: HERE? Is it ok? It will get all wet, I have to pee a lot and I don't know if I can stop if I start...

Me: let's go back to the sofa...

The sofa by the window had impermeable leather/plastic cushions, so I gathered the towels from the bathroom and just threw them on the sofa.

Me: This is ok...

Her: should I get naked? How do you want? Should I sit on you?

Me: just do it while we are making out, make it a surprise.

We continue kissing and she was rubbing herself on me, but to my real surprise she didn't wait even 30 seconds and started peeing full flow until her bladder seemed empty. While still in the middle of the pee we could already hear it dripping from the towel in the carpet bellow, she just smiled a little but continued until the end.

Her: Sorry, I couldn't stop.

Me: I loved it, don't worry.

Her: It's the first time I pee my pants with another person...

Me: Did you pee alone before? I mean... except for the video...

Her: Oh, it happens almost every month, I want to go home soon and I don't go to the toilet at work... then I always end up peeing myself right before reaching the toilet or at the house entrance... last week was terrible, I couldn't hold and we myself in the elevator... but I went home and got a towel to clean.

Me: didn't any neighbor see it?

Her: I was alone in the elevator, luckily.. and the building is small. But if they see I can say it was my dog and say sorry.

That spontaneous (and innocent, for her) chat while she was still on top of me, both with pee soaked underwear, and me laying down with my ass in a pee puddle, just made everything hotter. Unlike almost every other date I had so far, she didn't seem to mind being wet, so we continued like that for a while, making out and talking a little to cool down once in a while (because of the damn lack of condoms...).

Me: (her name), I think I need to pee too... it is hot so I drunk a lot of water before the coffee... I will just use to toilet really fast...

I was actually trying to tell her in a nice way that I wanted her to get out from top of me so I could use the toilet, as omorashi is my fetish, not hers... but I still wanted to continue playing there, so I didn't want her to decide suddenly to go get a shower or break the nice romantic climate.

Her (laughing and not taking me seriously): we are already wet... it's like peeing in the shower now.

I didn't answer, we just continued what we were doing for some time as I'm pee-shy, and she asked twice if I had peed so it made me even more shy. But after a while I started peeing, and she could feel it right away:

Her: It's warm! It feels good! I understand why you like it...

Me: (just awkwardly smiling and concentrating in continuing peeing)

Her: Oh, I can see the pee coming out of your dick from the underwear, that's hot!

I could almost finish all. It felt good. And she peed again twice (just a little each time) before we went to shower. She washed her panties and tights in the shower and, unfortunately, had to go back home before the last train as she had to go to her parents house on the next morning (she had plans with her daughter, who was staying there during summer vacations).

*001*2018-08-18 10:57

Second part:

We could only meet on the first day, as she was busy with her family after that. But right on the second night we had one of those "non-optional drinking party" with colleagues and bosses. Usually rather boring, but since it's my first year at this work, I'm still enjoying it to get a better idea of my coworkers. It was just 8 people, all over 40's except for me and this woman from another branch (in a different city), we were exactly the same age and both single. She was wearing a red skirt with some embossed details, a loose (but rather fancy) white shirt, and red shoes without heels (god, my memory is awful and I only remembered that after checking a picture from the day). Her hair is short , middle neck length and slightly curved on the tips.

Anyway... People soon started making jokes and teasing her that she was always telling about how she wants a boyfriend and to get married... this is typical chat, specially among drunk Japanese. They didn't tease me too much as I was new at the company, but she was taking it all well. After a while and a few drinks, she started making some jokes herself, that indeed I was her type, that she liked the same things I like... and her boss told the guy sitting near me to exchange places with her. She right away accepted, sat, grabbed my arm and put her head on my shoulder for a second, but kept holding my arm with both hands (all while sporting a very red drunk face).

At that time I was quite drunk too and getting into her teasing, so when the guys said it was time to go to the second party I (impolitely, but understandably) said I would rather get some wine in the convenience store and drink in the port near the sea while watching the moon, she right away said she was coming with me and seemed really excited about it.

During the long walk to the port we got sober and had some deep chat about love, relationships, and a little about work... I was truly enjoying talking to her, she is a very intelligent person and also a researcher in a similar field as mine. We sat in the port and kept chatting until 11:00, the time I should get the train to my hotel, which was quite far. As she didn't offer me to stay at her room, I got more pushy (learned from the previous night girl, lol) and said I would have loved to stay at the Hyatt (where she was staying), but it was fully booked when I checked. Then she said I could stay that night, that her bed was very big. She even said she didn't want to ask before because she snores and she thought I had to get a good night of sleep for the conference and bla bla bla... anyway, that pretty much means one thing in Japan: sex. And this time I had the condoms (yey!).

So right then I said thanks, got closer to her, and gave her a kiss. It was still early, the weather was not so hot anymore as a typhoon was coming on the following day, and it was really romantic... so we went to the nearby convenience store and got a bottle of wine to share and stay in the port a little more, just sitting in some stairs close to the docks. The talk only got deeper, we got slightly drunk again, started talking about sex (not out of nowhere, the guys from work on the dinner were talking a lot about weird fetishes and S&M, and she didn't seem to have any taboo about it and was active in the conversation)... she said she had a strange fetish (sad spoiler: it was not omorashi) and I said me too... and that it is normal.

After pushing her a lot, she finally told me she enjoyed men's butts (is that even a fetish?!?!?!). I said mine was waaaay weirder and refused to tell. But the wine and the excitement were stronger and I finally told her it was "pee". It went along on these lines (I don't remember well because I was drunk and her English was rather bad and mixed with Japanese, so I'm correcting it):

Me: it's pee...

Her: pee? Women peeing in the toilet?

Me: no... now.. it's more strange... it's women peeing.... ehr.. like... ehr... in their clothes.

Her: ...

Me: I mean.... it's kind of innocent... I met people before who said it is innocent... it's not very sexual.. right?

Her: It is not sexual at all. It is boring and shy/shameful! ((laughing)).

...

Did you meet people who do that before?!?!?!

Me: (lying) only once...

Her: (excited) Oh, what did she do for you? Was it good, did you feel good? What happened? I want to hear!

Me: That was long time ago... it was in Tokyo. Oh, it was also in the port! She just... ehr... she wanted to pee anyway, so she just peed, right there in front of me. It was dark... so it was not shameful.

Her: It was shameful! You saw it!

Me: Yes... but I like it... so...

Her: Don't talk anymore! I want to pee, hearing that makes want to pee more!

Me: You can go to the toilet (pointing).

Her:No, it looks dirty! I will go in the hotel.

...

... I really need to pee! I will "make an effort" to hold it -(it's a normal phrase in Japanese)

Me: (laugh) The girl I met I just told you also said that. But she said it was the ocean sound that made her want to pee.

Her: YES! Now I want to pee more! Why do you say that????

...

...

But... yes... that's not shameful, I think... It's just pee. I mean... what she did.

Me: ...

Her: ...There is nobody else here... nobody would see...

Me: .... (probably with a very shocked face)

Her: (laugh) Joking! I will not pee! I think there are cameras, the cameras will see me "naked"...

Me: no, no... ehr... the fetish is not squatting and peeing... it is really "omorashi" (that was the first time I used the Japanese word with her).

Her: Oh... it never happened to me after I grew up!

...

...

It must be funny.

...

...

Just pee when you are an adult.

...

...

Children can do it. Why adults can not?

...

...

If I'm drunk I can do it!

Me: You look drunk (laugh)

All this time I was looking straight at the moon... then I looked down and noticed the glint in the concrete in front of her. She was probably already peeing after saying it never happened after she grew up.

Me: Did you pee?

Her: (with a VERY red face) I did "omorashi"! (laugh!)

Then she suddenly stood up with while awkwardly beating her skirt with her hands with pee dripping from it. She was laughing all the time during that. For me it was absolutely sexy and I didn't have any reaction to it. I stood up too and tried to kiss her there:

Her: (with her arm stretched and the back of her hand facing me like an inverted "stop" gesture, as her palm was soaked) - nooo, I'm wet with pee!

Me: I like it.

Her: No, it's dirty! Let's walk a little.

We walked for maybe just 5 minutes, but the pee got in her shoes and she complained it was very uncomfortable, so we went to the hotel. Before that she asked me 3 or 4 times if I could see she had wet herself. I said no, because her skirt was dark. But the truth is it was very visible... but I think she would not feel good if she knew how visible it was. We went to her room, she insisted in taking a shower alone as she was "dirty", unfortunately, and... well.. after that I made sure to compensate her for the amazing sight. Later she told me it felt really good to pee, was almost like and orgasm, because it was painful to hold. But she didn't like the feeling of wet clothes and, specially, wet shoes.

- Now the issues:

First, she is in the same company as me. I don't think the company has any rule about getting sexually involved with someone in the same hierarchical level as your own... but those things are usually messy.

Second, she took it all REALLY seriously. And now I do feel bad about it... I think I was giving her some expectations of having something serious... she is messaging every day since then, she talks about traveling to visit me, but I make excuses that I'm very busy at work these days. She is behaving as if we are already boyfriend and girlfriend. Oh, and I made the awful mistake (???) of going out with her on the day after again... dinner together in a nice restaurant, observatory to see the city, and more deep talk.

Third, she talks about her "crazy bad ex boyfriend" who dated her but didn't want to marry and keep saying about how bad it it a man date a woman he does not intend to marry (WTF!).

I don't know how to tell her in a nice way we really have nothing going on, and I'm really scared she may cause a scene or make trouble in the company. My boss and her boss are really close friends, and it's my first year in this job...

*006*2018-08-20 13:05

Thank you all for the advises. I think I expressed myself terribly, I'm actually worried about the job in case she decides to make a scene, has anyone got involved with someone from work where it didn't end up well or saw something like that happening at your workplace?

Those things are terrible in Asia... people are very conservative about it, specially in countryside. It is not the first time I get into something without realizing, and one time before it did end bad... I was still in grad school and although I was at no risk at all of being expelled, a lot of people I knew actually thought I was wrong for dating someone without getting serious about it (at that time we only had 4 dates and I was clear to her from the beginning I was not looking for something serious...). I had to hear my advisor telling me it's very bad to date a girl without intending to marry her. BTW, like many men (and some older women) here, he thinks prostitution is alright for married people - "if you pay it is not cheating". Female administrative staff from university also started treating me poorly after that. Luckily my colleagues, who knew me better, were more mature and didn't care at all about it, just assuming she was crazy.

{{On 8/19/2018 at 1:37 AM, TimLeary said:

Interesting that you had success using a tinder profile this way. I wonder if  it's really more popular in Japan. Have you tried that stateside? 

}}

I don't get many matches... and most are just curious about it or just want an open-minded guy in order to satisfy their own fetishes (most often S&M related). Quite a few of the matches were people who had ex-boyfriends into something related (golden shower, asked to watch them pee, or things like that...).

I did try it in US (many years ago) for only 4 days. Got no matches at all, zero, nobody, nadie. But also I kept the "Japanese style" profile with softcore Japanese style illustrations. I bet a more sober and "cool" profile with some mix of S&M (on the fame of 50 shades...) would work better there. Also Japanese are much more tolerant of profiles without any personal picture.

I also tried the same profile more recently in a South American country: I was banned in minutes, lol. Had to create a new one, with a new Facebook account and all the hassle involved.

*008*2018-08-21 07:03

{{11 hours ago, Delirio91 said:

Might copy the idea for a trip in Japan. So how  did you design the account?

You said no personal pics so what kind of pics kind? and what bio did you put? 

}}

For privacy reasons I didn't put any of my own pictures, but to give people more "confidence" I'm not a serial killer I choose two stock photos of random guys who I think are not too different from me and blurred their faces. As soon as I see the girl is nice and not a serial-killer/scammer either, I give them my real name and another form of contact where we continue chatting.

This is the current profile I'm using. I used other ones before. Somewhere in some of my old topics/stories I posted what I wrote in those other profiles. One of the most successful ones as actually taking more of a romantic/gentleman approach. I like this current one though ("funny style") because it matches with a few foreigners too (maybe around 30% of the matches). I have been using it only since July and got 14 matches (a few more, but some never answered any message, so I unmatched them). For such a niche fetish, I think it is quite good! But, as I said, most people are just curious or tired of boring tinder guys. I have met only 2 of those matches so far, and none of the 14 share the fetish.... despite that one of them said she wants to explore her sexuality and try it (haven't met her yet, unfortunately! I've been busy with work recently). The 2 I met, I haven't convinced them to try omorashi yet, the girl I talk about on this topic I met with another profile a while ago.

Feel free to get inspiration from my profile (just please don't copy and paste, lol). But as I always say about doing this kind of thing: be nice all the time and with every girl, don't be egoistic with your "pleasure". Never make the girl regret giving you a chance and, specially, giving herself the chance to enjoy some freedom (specially in such a traditional and sexist society). Make sure she will enjoy dating with you as much as you enjoy dating her. I believe many people with Omorashi fetish are very nice and it would be a shame if we made a fame of bad people for ourselves. Finally, try first at home, you just need to find what would make the girls curious around your area and what are the limits before getting banned.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*009*2018-08-21 07:08

{{11 hours ago, Delirio91 said:

Might copy the idea for a trip in Japan. So how  did you design the account?

You said no personal pics so what kind of pics kind? and what bio did you put?

}}

This is the topic where I talk about the previous profiles:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/40188-another-tinder-date/?do=embed"

*013*2018-08-28 05:51

@Weasel

Thanks, I will consider going first to my boss and get is straightened out in case I see any sign of trouble. I think that would be even a bigger problem in US than it is in Japan, so your advice is great. I just replied her messages more infrequently (with the same excuse as before that I was busy at work) and finally told her last week that I think it would not work because we are in different cities and we just started working and so on.

She agreed but unfortunately asked not to talk to her anymore as friends. Still, overall everything seems fine

