Obligatory Camp Experience

Author: Meowth

*000*2018-06-26 07:29

There's only been two events in my life where I've come so close to having an accident that I actually wet myself a bit. (This is obviously excluding the one time I actually did genuinely lose control of my bladder around 5.) Here I will relate the first 'close call,' though ultimately whether this constitutes as an accident or as a close call is up to you. To me, it is a bit of both.

I was in grade school at the time, so I couldn't have been older than 11 or 12. I went to camp with a friend, stayed with him in the same cabin and even had some of the same activities together. He was the only reason I made it in, since I was a year or two below their minimum age.

I've always been a tiny bit shy, nothing major, but being the youngest kid there made me a bit more bashful, especially in any situation that involved a lot of kids. Well, on the last day of camp we had a big ritual to commemorate our time there. There was a crazy amount of hype surrounding it from both the counselors and the other, more experienced kids.

I remember a good amount of organizing, confusion, and time leading up to the actual start of it—namely, the bonfire. Plenty of kids were complaining about how long it was taking, about how they didn't want to wait until nightfall for it to begin. I didn't mind, though, we had snacks in the meantime, and I was enjoying my soda. So much so that I had a second, and chased that with some water.

When the bonfire was finally lit, they lined all of us up and led us out into the field to sit around it. At this point, I'd been too shy to go use the toilet, so I kind of had to pee. It wasn't bad, but I could feel it. I was starting to regret all that soda. But hey, no big deal, right? I could just ask to go pee any time. Sure, we were pretty far away from any facilities and it was night, but it was only an open field, and I'd never truly be out of sight. No problem.

But then, between instructions and directions for the incoming kids, there was the announcement that there would be no bathroom breaks until the end of the ceremony. Not just until the end of the bonfire, but the entire ceremony. I wasn't even aware there was anything after the bonfire, since they'd deliberately kept everything a secret and had told the senior campers to do the same. They'd wanted it to be a surprise for the first years, and while some of it had slipped out—like the bonfire—they had been mostly successful. Successful enough to surprise me, at least.

I waited for that one voice to append that there were no bathrooms unless it was an emergency, but... that voice never came. They told us multiple times, each with increasing annoyance that nobody could go. At this point, I was getting nervous, and the nervousness was making it both harder to hold and making my bladder fill faster. I kicked my leg a bit, the growing pressure in my lower stomach a constant annoyance now.

During the bonfire, I remembered telling one of the female counselors that I had to pee. She asked me if it was an emergency and explained that if I couldn't wait, she'd have to get someone to escort me to the nearest bathroom. She told me, however, that it wouldn't be much longer, maybe ten more minutes. I told her nevermind. I was a bit worried, but I didn't want to disgrace myself with the theatrics. After all, I was a 12 year old boy—I could hold it a little longer, surely ten more minutes at least? Honestly, I was just being paranoid I'd piss my pants again.

I spent the next ten minutes thinking about how dumb it was that I needed an escort on the camp. I also thought about how dumb it was that there was no plan in case someone had to go, and about how they'd given us absolutely no way to plan ahead of time to avoid this exact scenario. I spent the ten minutes after that wondering how much longer the bonfire was going to be, and the five minutes after that wondering why she'd lied to me.

When the bonfire finally ended, if I wasn't 'dying,' then I wasn't far from it. My bladder was definitely full. So full that I was reminded of it every other second. So full my legs had grown close together and they'd kicked up and down in desperate anticipation. So full I'd considered multiple times asking one of the counselors or admins to escort me to the bathroom. Too full to be squirming around in a field with a camp full of older boys all around me.

We lined up, which took an obnoxious amount of time, but it was indeed a camp full of unruly boys. Then we walked back at a mind-numbingly slow speed. I'd hoped deep down they'd take us back to our cabins afterward, but we were heading for the cafeteria now.

At least there are bathrooms there, I thought. At this point, standing up to walk almost made me leak, and every step made my body echo with the urge. But I'd make it. I'd walk in that bathroom and take one of the longest and most satisfying pisses of my life... but I wouldn't piss my pants and that's what mattered.

They led us to just outside the cafeteria, under the attached pavilion. They sat us down in a big circle, and I eyed the outside bathrooms every chance I got. When I saw the first kid make a dash for it, my heart lept. I remember thanking God that I didn't have to hold it until the end of the ceremony after all, because I was really beginning to wonder if I could or not.

A few other kids did this, and finally a counselor came and told us the bathrooms were off limits until the end. My heart sank at first, and I remember thinking about how this was absolute madness and hating myself for not going sooner, but I saw another kid talking to an admin a few minutes later. He made a dash for the toilet. Then another kid. And then some kids who didn't even ask to go.

I was relieved that the rule wasn't being enforced. I didn't want to be one of the 'bad' kids who just up and walked to the toilet in sheer defiance, so I put my hand in the air and waited extremely patiently for one of the counselors to finally take notice of me and come over.

When one did, I politely asked to use the bathroom, and was denied. In shock, I asked why, since the other kids were going. I was told they weren't supposed to be, and would probably get in trouble for it. I was told it was almost over anyway, and that was the end of that.

The moment the counselor walked away, I immediately regretted not insisting on it, telling him it was an emergency and that I couldn't wait. But I'd been too shocked. I'd been so ready for a yes that the no left me flabbergasted, and that combined with my natural shyness and young age made me clam up.

So I sat there in the circle, my face getting hot from how badly I had to piss. I was sitting criss-cross like everybody else, which was an easier position to hold it in, but all the benefits of it were getting overshadowed by the last bits of soda making its way through me, and by how exhausted my full bladder was.

I kept looking back at the toilet, debating on whether or I should put my hand up and do the right thing, to insist it was an emergency regardless of how embarrassing that would be to do, or to just get up and go and hope nothing was done about it. Finally, when I reached my limit and felt like I was dangerously close to leaking, when I felt my hand getting ready to jut up into the air, the last candle was lit, laid out, and we were told to stand.

I was overwhelmed with a lot of different emotions in the following moments. There was the feeling of doubt that I'd been too slow, that I was too late; the feeling of anticipation and hope that they'd either dismiss us or lead us back to our cabins; then there was the shock of standing. I could barely keep it in while sitting down; I'd felt it on edge the entire time, to the point I'd been fearing a single sneeze would have meant damp briefs, but with my stomach tight now and all my piss being pulled downward, it took everything I had to keep from just pissing my shorts right there.

We walked around a bit and looked at the candles, admiring how they spelled out the name of the camp—though at this point I wasn't capable of doing much admiring. And then finally, when that was done, we were lined up and led back to our cabins. But of course it couldn't be that simple. We had to keep stopping at every cabin, so all the kids could be pulled from the line and situated and accounted for before we would move forward again. My cabin was close to the back.

I was leaning forward now. I wasn't sure how obvious it was, but I had a hand in my pocket to help hold out for the last stretch. The kid behind me asked me if I had to piss. I admitted I did. He told me he did too, and the kid in front of me agreed. I was happy they were being nice, and that helped relieve my fears a bit, but it was embarrassing I had to go so bad that I couldn't hide it, and I was terrified I was actually going to lose control for the first since I was 5—and that a lot of people were going to see it happen.

As we moved closer to my cabin, I start having waves of desperation. They were getting worse and worse, and finally I had one that made my muscles flinch, and the moment they relaxed, a momentary line of piss dribbled out into my briefs. I'd actually leaked. Not from sneezing or from laughing, nor was it leftover piss from having peed earlier. I actually pissed a little because my bladder was too full. And there was nothing stopping more from coming soon.

This was no tiny amount, either. It was no 'burst,' but it was enough so that piss leaked through my briefs and through the liner of my pockets, coating my fingers in my own shockingly warm urine. When I released my wet crotch, I could actually rub my fingers together and feel the piss. I'd actually peed through my underwear. It was a strangely ticklish thought, tantalizing in some deep, difficult to understand way, but an overwhelmingly horrifying concept all the same..

I managed to hold it until we got to the cabin without another leak. Of course the first thing my shy, young self had to hear was about how badly my other four bunk-mates had to piss. So while one dashed for the toilet, one lined up, and the other two went to their beds and waited patiently. I went to my bed and did the same.

The whole time I sat there I felt my muscles tensing and relaxing, tensing and relaxing. If I wasn't extremely careful, I'd not only leak, but I'd full force piss my pants, all over my bed. On one hand I was no longer around 'trillions' of older boys, but on the other, I was around the kids I'd be spending the rest of my camp time with, one of which was the friend who'd gotten me in here, who would always have this memory etched into his mind. To him, I wouldn't just be the poor, anonymous kid who pissed his shorts at camp; I'd be the friend next door who 'pissed himself that one time.'

The first kid finished, and then the second, and then like an idiot I waited for the third. By all rights I should have been right along with them complaining when we walked in the door. I should have told them that if I didn't get to go first, I was going to fucking explode. By all rights I should have told them I was leaking, made a dash for that toilet, and pissed without even closing the door.

Buuuut, I waited. I regretted the third, and sat there not sure if I was going to make it. Not sure if I'd be able to hold it until I stood, and not sure if I'd be able to hold it when I stood. So when the third came out, I walked toward the door before the fourth had a chance to go. Actually, I think I moved toward the door before he even opened it, that I actually stood there for a few desperate, clutch moments waiting for him to emerge. I was truly at my limit now. Whether or not I had an accident actually hinged on whether or not this other boy came out in time.

It was literally up to him if I pissed my pants or not.

When it was finally my turn, I slid inside, closed the door calmly, whipped around toward the toilet and darted toward it. Piss began dribbling out of me. In the second it took for me to make it to the toilet, the dribbling turned into a delicate stream that rapidly warmed my briefs. I undid the button of my shorts with deft, desperate hands, lowered my shorts and briefs the bare minimum needed, and then pulled out my already pissing privates

If I had managed to get my thing out before I'd started pissing full speed, then it is safe to say it was pissing full speed the moment that stream was hitting the toilet water. The euphoria of that moment defied words. I could hear them talking about me outside the bathroom, about how fast I'd started pissing and about how I must have 'really needed to go' and how I should have said something. I blushed at this, as well as from other things.

I looked down and saw the large wet patch in my briefs. It extended down below my testicles, further than I could see from my current angle. I could also feel fresh dampness down by my thighs, further than my briefs extended. When I finished pissing, I pulled my wet underwear back up and shuddered as the large wet stain pressed cold against my warm flesh. Then I pulled up my pants and felt the slightest wetness against the sides of my legs. I examined the brown shorts. They were a tiny bit wet by the thighs and there was a droplet or two that had extended down a leg, but fortunately that wouldn't be visible in the dark cabin. I managed to make it back to my bed without anybody knowing—though I'm sure they suspected at least a bit.

Every step remained me of what had happened, and every time I moved in bed that night I felt wet cotton rub against my genitals. I feel asleep wondering how things could have gone. About what would have happened if I'd drank a bit more water or, god forbid, another soda. About what would have happened if I'd sneezed or if I'd been pushed by somebody. Most of my thoughts, I reasoned, would have ended well. That if I'd drank more, for instance, I'd have had to go worse, and would have been more pushy to piss when we were sitting in the circle.

One of the worst case scenarios I pictured—that was still within reason—was the third boy taking extra long in the bathroom. I wondered how bad an extra second would have been. An extra two seconds.

If he'd been in there an extra ten, would I have lost control in front of the door? I shifted again and felt the cold moisture of my briefs rub against me. I told myself I'd almost pissed myself, that it'd been a 'close call,' but I knew deep down a close call didn't do it justice. Every time I moved I was reminded of the truth. I'd lost control of my bladder and basically had an accident at camp. I'd just been lucky enough to get away with it.

*005*2018-06-27 06:49

{{18 hours ago, Spectator9 said:

Weren't there any competent adults involved with this?

}}

Not really lol. I think there were a few admins, but there were faaar more camp counselors, who were really just gloried teens – swine among pigs, as they say. Had I gotten an admin when I'd asked at the circle of candles, then I'd probably have been allowed to go. Though, looking back, I'm happy for the memory.

@Allegretto

That was a great story. I've recently found this age range fascinating, probably because of the experience I had when I was younger. They're nostalgic lol.

Since there seems to be a small amount of interest in this, I'll make time to share the other 'close call' I had, as well as one other slightly more unique experience around the same time in my life.

$

*013*2018-07-09 04:04

{{2 hours ago, Azura said:

Would you be comfortable with posting your other wetting experience? If not, totally cool ^^'

}}

Already have! Here $$

And here $$

.

