Sophomore year: bladder shy

Author: small-wet-kitt

*000*2018-08-23 16:38

Long time, no post. Figured I'd come back with something that happened to me in my sophomore year of high school, so i wasn't an adult or anything but ya know, definitely old enough to not be peeing my pants.

So i was 16, and i had been really sick. I was mostly recovered by this point, but my throat was still killing me and i ended up having to carry a water bottle with me at all times. I usually went through about 3 or 4 refills by the end of the school day, which lead to many many close calls. This is the one that stands out the most to me though.

So i had just gotten out of my second period class and i was absolutely bursting, i practically ran from my robotics class across the school and dashed up the stairs where my english class awaited. We only had 3 minutes in between each class period, so i didn't have time to go between classes. I took my seat in the front of the class and crossed my legs, waiting for my teacher to come in so i could ask to use the bathroom.

I've got a really weak bladder, and i tend to leak really easily. So by the time my teacher, we'll call her mrs. smith, came in, i was basically panicking. Luckily, she was pretty cool and once i ran up to her and asked to be let out, she let me go.

I kept my calm until i got out of the classroom, immediately taking off down the hall and into the singular bathroom. I quickly yanked down my jeans and sighed in relief as my overworked bladder emptied, leaning back and moaning softly as my eyes watered at the sheer bliss.

I made it. So this is where the story ends, right? Wrong.

Once I was done and made sure my bladder was completely empty, i walked back into the hall and over to the water fountain. I refilled my now empty bottle of water to the very top and screwed the cap back on, then went back into my classroom.

Class went on, and i took sips from my water every few seconds. My throat was itchy and dry, so it was the only thing keeping me sane. Pretty soon i was almost ¾ of the way done with it, and it all hit my bladder at once.

Maybe if my bladder wasn't already overworked from my last close call it wouldn't have been too bad, but since it was already aching from holding so much pee before i was already in pain. I pressed my legs together and tried continuing writing the rough draft to the essay we were working on.

At this point i was probably 20 minutes into class, our class periods were an hour and 30 minutes long. I was screwed.

Still, my dumbass kept taking absentminded sips from my water. Luckily I'm easily distracted and working on the essay definitely helped occupy my mind, but eventually the need started to get really bad. On the desperation scale i was probably at a 7. My bladder fills up rather quickly and desperation tends to hit me all at once.

By now, I'd say i had at least another 50 minutes of class. My legs were crossed tightly, my foot tapping and i was biting my lip hard. I knew deep down if i were to ask my teacher and quietly explain that it was an emergency she would probably let me go, but I’m beyond bladder shy and will only ask if i’m seconds away from an accident.

So, i carried on writing the essay and trying to find other ways to distract myself. It worked for a while, but after ten minutes i felt the first leak. My eyes widened and i calmly slipped a hand between my thighs, adding a bit of pressure and looking around to make sure no one saw. Luckily, everyone seemed to be focused on their work and i sighed in relief. That relief was short lived though as i realized the situation i had gotten myself into. Sure i had been desperate in class before, but not this far from the end.

I sighed and kept my hand there, continuing on with the task at hand and trying to do things i heard helped you hold it (rubbing the back of your calf, thinking about sex, etc. yes my small bladder having ass did google ways to help you hold it). Some time passed and it started to get a little easier, though at this point my essay was long forgotten. I was pretending to write while forcing back tears at the pain in my lower stomach.

Suddenly I felt a large leak, lasting at least 2 or 3 seconds and enough to soak through my panties and darken the front of my jeans the slightest bit. My eyes widened and I resorted to basically sitting on my hand to stop myself from leaking anymore. i let out a barely audible whine and shifted myself. I needed to go, now.

I looked up to the clock and noted the time, there was less than ten minutes of class. I could hold it. Or at least i thought i could.

For some reason my shyness was still stopping me from excusing myself even though i knew deep down i wouldn't last the ten minutes. There was something shameful to me about using the bathroom twice in one class period and although now i know literally no one would've cared or probably even noticed, i was still anxious and shy and that didn't go well with a full bladder.

The ten minutes dragged on and i was staring at the clock, completely disconnected from reality as i had only one thing on my mind: hold it. Finally it was almost the end of class and my hand hadn't moved from its spot between my thighs. I was lost in my thoughts, not paying much attention to my surroundings when suddenly the bell rang. I'm naturally a jumpy person, loud noises and people touching me from behind scare me sometimes, basically anything I'm not expecting. Normally the bell wouldn't startle me, but since i wasn't paying attention and was so preoccupied, it did and my panties paid the price. I felt an even larger leak and i felt the blood drain from my face as I gripped my crotch tightly, shaking my head and praying to whatever higher power that i could get it under control for 30 seconds. That was all i needed.

Luckily everyone was filing out and no one was paying attention to me. I didn't dare move my hand, already knowing there would be a noticeable wet spot. Once the classroom was starting to become more empty, i finally stood. My hand didn't leave its spot, by this point my shyness had gone out the window. If I moved my hand i was gonna wet myself.

I knew my teacher's eyes were on me and i didn't dare meet them. I turned around, shrugging my bag onto my shoulder and waddling over to the door. As soon as i was out i raced down the hall and opened the door to the thankfully empty bathroom. I shut the door quickly and locked it, yanking my pants down and not even bothering with my already soaked panties. I sat down on the toilet, peeing forcefully through the cotton fabric and letting out muffled moans every few seconds. I felt my eyes overflowing with tears of relief and wiped them, sighing as i continued to empty my overworked bladder.

It seemed like the stream was never going to end, occasionally it would taper off only to start again. I was leaning back on the toilet by now, the sheer bliss of finally letting go causing my body to go limp.

By now i wasn't even feeling anything, i just heard the sound of it hitting the toilet water and knew i was still going, but my bladder literally felt numb. I was panting as the flood finally tapered off and i pushed out the last bit all at once.

I sat there for a second, head in my hands as i tried catching my breath. It felt amazing. My panties were soaked and sticking to my pussy, the fabric growing cold as i kicked off my jeans and stood up. I examined myself in the mirror, my pastel pink panties were definitely ruined but i didn't care. I peeled them off, tossing them in the bin and using a damp paper towel to wipe myself down. Once i was done i put my jeans back on and tried my best to adjust them so that the wet spot wasn't showing. It didn't help much, but thankfully the patch wasn't too big and my jeans weren't super light. Finally, i left the bathroom and headed out to the cafeteria with shaking legs and red eyes.

(Side note: lunch was next and at my high school we all ate lunch at the same time, so that's why i was uninterrupted and didn't have to rush to class lol)

