Peeing at the park

Author: Emma12

*000*2020-11-11 01:10

Omg guys, i figured out how to pee in the park in front of people without them noticing!

Sso basically, I have this obsession with going to the park nearby my house, and emptying my bladder. It just feels so refreshing!! Anyways, I’ve been doing this for the past couple weeks, and I have been peeing in the parking lot of the park. But I have had trouble finding good ways to piss discreetly without anyone seeing what I am doing, I always end up getting piss on my pants or something!

But today, I found the most amazing way!! It’s also really easy, and feels AMAZING!!

Here it is:

Before you leave, make sure to put on loose shorts, no underwear, and an oversized sweater. The loose shorts will let you pull them aside and pee easily, the no underwear just makes it easier, and If you leak into your shorts, the oversized sweater can cover it up. Now, go to the park, and sit down in some grass. Pull your oversized sweater over your bottom so people can’t see what you are doing from behind. Now pull aside your shorts until you can feel the grass on your lady parts. Double check to make sure that it is not obvious what you are doing, and let it ALL out. I love it because since you are sitting down, you get to sit in your warm puddle! Let me know how it goes!!

I was able to use this strategy to pee when there were two women in the parking lot, and people playing tennis and basketball directly behind me! None of them suspected a thing!!!

I made this specifically for girls and women, but boys can use this too, although since they have a different private part, they can pee much more easily.

