On my balcony during unstable weather, later a storm

Author: CaPeeRice98

*000*2021-06-21 20:41

I have mostly been a lurker (I don't even use my account regularly), but I told myself to muster up the courage and write a post after today's happenings, hoping that it was worth it.

It was a strange day for me, as I had woken up earlier than I usually do, as well as surprisingly feeling rather productive. I prepared myself some breakfast, having 3 cups of water along the way, not thinking much of them, thinking "My mouth is pretty dry, so I might as well try to better my drinking habits today...". I soon remembered consuming them, however, since my bladder was feeling somewhat full, making me rather aroused. After a while of reading and teasing myself, drinking more water, waiting up until before lunch, I snuck into the bathroom.

(Now, as my bathroom is rather cramped and I am a relatively light individual, I carefully sat atop the dryer.)

After removing my underwear, I started to touch myself, as help to encourage my release. I wasn't as full as usual, so I was somewhat anxious to release from such an unusual position, dribbling in doubt as I fear to not make a mess, but fortunately, I was met with a shy stream spraying itself all over the shower floor (the direction I was turned towards while sitting to, of course, prevent a mess).

Post this session, I went to have lunch, after which I consistently drank from my water bottle while going about my day. As it was Saturday, it wasn't much of an eventful day (at least, not in a regular sense). A few hours after lunch and I felt an urge, a bit of a bigger urge than before, having drank all that water...

It was sunny during this time, so I was doubtful, but I decided to use my balcony (this being the first time of a total few today); I was unsure, holding myself in doubt, when I noticed that it started to rain. I thought "This is it, just what I needed! With this, I can hide the fact!" and soon released a slow stream, careful to not damage the wall, but also trying to avoid suspicion from anyone else that may be outside, both from an auditory and visual standpoint. (While doing this standing up proved to get some liquid on myself, I payed no mind).

Of course, I soon continued with my regular activities, and felt an urge after a while shorter than before, although this release wasn't very memorable, as it went similarly to the first.

Now, finally, the situation that inspired me to write this in the first place...

Obviously, I was keeping up with my newly-learned habit of hydrating regularly, trying not to give in to my urge as I've engaged in this too many times in one day... But I had enough. I could feel how hard and heavy my bladder has become, begging for release, tingling with every movement... I didn't have a choice, I had to act quickly. The weather outside was unstable, raining and then stopping, then raining again, but it was mostly light rain. My balcony floor had a big puddle of liquid by now, mostly containing my own, if not for the stray raindrops getting past the balcony cover.

Then, I suddenly noticed the rain growing more steadily, wobbily rushing outside, holding myself desperately; This time, I tried to resist on purpose. Having to shield myself from the rain by crouching, I felt the building pressure of my bladder more intensely than before, offering myself more and more stimulation, holding back my moans... And then I burst. As the rain was hitting harder, I let out a strong jet, suppressing any sort of auditory pleasure I had to express. It felt wonderful when the rain increased in intensity just as I hit nirvana, the way it was in sync with my body... And just as I finished, it started sleeting; Really, on a late June evening, at that!

I hurriedly stood to my feet, getting hit by the sleet before hurriedly rushing inside and closing the balcony door, hearing the sound of icy particles hitting against metal, concrete and glass. I genuinely couldn't believe what just had happened, and for it to be as I was in such a situation...

As for things after this ordeal, the effects of rapid desperation didn't leave me just yet, even giving me a full bladder as I'm writing this!

All in all, I'm glad to share this experience, even if a little anxious, as I don't usually talk about personal matters like these with anyone, always indulging in them alone. I also apologize if this story isn't exactly fit for this site, as there was no clothes/underwear wetting involved, only rapid desperation and semi-public relief. Either way, I hope this was an enjoyable read, and I wish to recieve feedback, be it positive or negative. I may even write some more if there's demand, so stay tuned!

