Too many accidents, Tenas leak and Rearz!

Author: Xpgames

*000*2019-10-21 09:44

For me, female desperation and wetting has always been my favorite... but I’ve also been blessed with a weak bladder which has led to countless accidents, some wet beds, some “screw it I will just pee my pants” wettings, a tena trial and ordering Rearz!

Last Thursday, I had consumed a few beers and decided to have a cigarette... sometimes have one when drinking. Of course I don’t smoke in the house and I stepped outside knowing that I probably should have peed first. But thought to myself, “seriously who can’t hold it for 5 minutes?!?” Maybe it was the cool air and rain, but I didn’t even last 2 minutes before soaking myself. Decided to include this photo

Prior to ordering Rearz, I had previously trialed Tena Men’s Activewear... big mistake wearing in public for the first time. Walked to local Italian restaurant, had a salad and drank 3 glasses of wine and 0.75L of water. On the way home, I stopped at the Kiosk and bought a couple beers. After paying, I decided to just let go.... to the point where it started leaking and running down my leg. The last five minutes of the trek home was scary to say the least! Of course I used the full package, but they leaked 100% on a single wetting. I even felt like being naughty and wearing to work. I was careful not to pee until the ride home in the car, but it still felt taboo, nervous and adventurous at the same time.

I ordered Rearz (Dino print) to try something with a bit more capacity... because seriously, I’ve wished I had protection at pretty much every concert or sporting event I’ve ever been to. So the Rearz arrived last Friday and I was ready to put them to the test. Lots of water and a few beers... after throwing one on, I couldn’t believe I was actually doing it... I mean, these are full blown diapers with Dino print!!! Definitely not discrete and crinkled when I walked ... of course I didn’t care ... I literally peed six full times before even noticing a little leak. I was astonished!!! However, they were obviously quite heavy hahahaha and talk about a mega duck butt !!!! Lol! I did this twice!!!

Next day, I drove with my son to meet friends and we stopped en route to avoid any in car incidents. On the way back yesterday, we were in a hurry and didn’t stop. While pulling up to the house, my urgency escalated quickly... who knows, maybe it had something to do with peeing freely for a couple days!! Anyways, my kid was taking his sweet old time getting out of the car .... “wait papa, I need to do this... wait papa!!” Finally I’m like, “hurry up or daddy is going to pee his pants!!!!” He found that hilarious. And seemingly moved even slower. Needless to say, was wearing the backpack, his rain clothes, a basket , keys, etc to the front door and pretty much dropped everything outside the front door to manage getting the key in. Long story short is that I peed my gray sweatpants ... Had to exit bathroom in a robe good thing I don’t mind those situations

$$

$$

*001*2019-10-22 12:06

So I play hockey every Monday night. We drink a few beers in the locker room and I’m usually still wired when I get home. To wind down, I have a few more and try to be in bed around midnight. I wake up before 6, so Tuesdays can be rough. Problem is, after 2-3L of beer, I get up at least 3 times to pee. Yesterday, I’m like screw it, I will pee before bed, take a Xanax and wear a diaper. I was a little nervous because my kid was also sleeping next to me, but I took the risk.

Evidently I was comfortable with the protection and fell asleep almost right away. So, I NEVER have pee dreams, but last night was different. I dreamt I was on vacation with my family and staying in a hotel with balcony and sea view. In my dream, I was standing on the balcony (wearing the same Dino Rearz that I bought) and wet myself! After, I thought, “oh no, I need to get out of this before anyone notices.” So I went into the bathroom, took it off and threw it on the floor. For some reason, I needed to go more, so I walked to the toilet and starting going again. Then my son walked in and said “papa what is that?” (Pointing to the Dino print diaper on the floor)... that’s when I woke up!!! I instantly was aware of what happened and reached down. Holy freaking jelly!!! Clearly the 2-3 times I normally go before sleeping just flooded my diaper! This was before 5 and I really needed another hour of sleep. Luckily I had no problem falling back asleep.

When my alarm went off, my son also woke up (normally he sleeps through it)... he didn’t notice anything and said “Papa können wir bitte aufstehen. Ich muss pipi. (Daddy can we get up, I have to pee)”... I was like “yes... go go...” of course I had to go too, but instead of following him to the bathroom, I of course just wet myself and filled it even more!” Normally I carry my son downstairs on my back or shoulders in the morning. But today, I’m on a very full and heavy Rearz and am trying to avoid this. I made up the excuse that my legs were sore from hockey and asked him if he could walk down by himself. Thankfully he said yes! I followed him down, disposed of the evidence, we got ready and made it out the door on time! While typing this, I still can’t believe this happened!

$$

