Dog walking and the hot tub!!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-11-02 18:47

Hello one and all!

This is the second installment of my stories from the visit to homeanddry's house.

That morning we had decided that we would take the dogs for a long walk, and mutually hold throughout, in a relaxed way, and see what came of it.

I don't remember when I went to the bathroom, but I didn't have a need to go before we left to walk the dogs, and had been drinking water. HaD drank a good pint of water, I filled up my bottle, and we made our way. It was a pretty long walk, maybe an hour and a bit or so, and we talked loads about life and this amazing forum, and all sorts really! We even got ganged up on by cows, and the cute dogs were getting some good exercise. I finished my bottle of water which is about 750ml.

Towards the end of the walk I got a nagging feeling in my bladder, and thus it began. I for some reason didn't feel like instantly blurting it out, and tried to find the best moment. I felt a little ashamed as HaD had shown zero signs of anything. Eventually I spoke up, feeling my neck blush slightly, which is ridiculous.

When I said it, HaD said:

"Well, if it helps... You're not alone" In a relatively matter of fact way. I thought I should have kept my mouth shut then! He asked "It's not a crisis, is it?" as well!!

I told him of course it wasn't, and I'm not so stupid I would have spoken up earlier. I think maybe he wanted it to be a crisis!

I held on though and we got back to his house without issue. His wife and daughter were both having a nap, and we ate lunch, for a bit, where I drank another fair bit of water. At this point I needed to go quite badly, but didn't want to give in just yet. HaD mentioned he'd needed to go before we set off! But he didn't seem at all phased.

We decided that after lunch we'd go in the hot tub for a bit, and continue to hold. We both went upstairs to get changed into our swimclothes, which for me was a tankini with shorts. I had the difficult task of putting in a tampon with a full bladder, and I could barely focus, but I forced myself too, and now my need was seriously great.

Anyway, all was well and we went downstairs and got in the tub. I was really worried I wouldn't make it very long, and we both had a glass of fruit juice. He showed me various hot tub settings and then we just talked, mutually holding.

I am sure it was immediately obvious, I was completely unable to stay in one spot, sitting on my feet or different parts of the hottub to try and hold it physically. I very very much wanted to be one handed, but I felt a bit nervous to do so infront of HaD, despite the fact he's heard/seen that before from over the internet! It just felt different in real life. I grabbed at my swimclothes and at my thighs instead, and gripped what ever I could hold on to in the hot tub. I really really had to go, I didn't think I could hold much longer, but HaD was barely showing any signs STILL, and it was rather annoying me!

He kept asking me how I was doing, and watching me with amusement as I struggled massively to hold on. For some reason being in the warm water really helped, I don't know why maybe my bladder thought it could be relieved by osmosis or something?

At one point I looked up and noticed his wife was waving to us from an upstairs window so I waved back, and she opened it. She was going to go out soon. Whilst she was talking to us I was very still and calm and collected. Again once she'd come downstairs and opened the back door to talk to us again. HaD noted that I was doing very well at hiding it, even though he knew exactly what was going on!

We decided we'd get out shortly after she'd gone, so HaD could hear upstairs as his daughter was still asleep.

Mutually holding was fun, and really just quite relaxing, watching each other struggle was definitely amusing, and all the faces and winces HaD was pulling showed me he was certainly quite desperate by this point. I couldn't really pay much attention though, as my bladder was threatening to release. I told HaD I might have to stand over on the grass where the dogs go, and he said if it came to that to go down the side of the house as it would be less obvious from the neighbours' perspective!!

Anyway, his wife left and I was really on the edge now. I told HaD that 'I need to get out, I need to get out' as I could feel my bladder spasming, usually thrice and I let go completely, and it was on spasm 1. I climbed out and as the colder air hit me a small stream started. I stopped it quickly and in surprise gripped the control panel thing and put the jets on which surprised me further, but I managed to keep control! I did the same getting in by accident anyways pressing the buttons haha!

I grabbed a towel and in a panicky way as I was seconds away from losing control managed to throw together an intelligible sentence asking HaD to bring in my clothes, and ran inside, straight to the downstairs loo.

HaD asked me "You're not going for the challenge of the upstairs one then?" or something similar, and got a very stern 'no' in reply.

I went into the bathroom and closed the door, and my bladder gave out before I could get my swim shorts down and I let out a frustrated yelp as I began full force peeing into my clothes, but I didn't care much as they were already wet! I got them down anyways and finished involuntarily peeing on the toilet. I went out and HaD was waiting for me, bent over, looking in severe pain and desperation, and told me I think that he didn't want me to miss out, but I couldn't much understand and he was bolting for the upstairs bathroom. I said "what?" and he hesitated but then hurried upstairs saying "I'll have to tell you in a minute" which made me chuckle.

I followed upstairs but he'd basically ran up so he was already in the bathroom. I got out of my wet clothes and got changed, and went and sat back downstairs. HaD eventually came back down, and we talked about it. I realised I was still bursting as I hadn't made any effort to empty my bladder, it had happened without control, and I still had loads in me.

When his wife came back, he went upstairs to bathe his daughter with her, and I chose that time to go properly in the downstairs toilet again, this time finally getting relief!

It was super fun, and more stuff happened that evening, which I will write about soon! Next time I'd like to see if it couldn't go further, or too far, and the side of the house might get a visit!

It's amazing and I am so lucky to be able to have platonic omo experiences and a great friend because of this site!!!

*002*2016-11-02 20:42

{{13 minutes ago, LunasAuditor said:

Lucky indeed! Another great tale, beautifully told!

If it's not prying too much; I take it HaD's wife knows what you're up to? I find the idea of purely platonic Omo a little difficult to grasp, I think because whether it's sexual or not it still seems to sit in the same "taboo" box and treated the same way, so seems a little strange to me that you could get up to such hi-jinks without any sort of backlash...

Strange to me, but nevertheless AMAZING!!

}}

Haha, yeah, it is odd, and well, we've talked about it an awful lot, he's been there for a lot more than just omo, infact that's rather secondary to our friendship. I do understand and we know where the lines are and not to cross them! I don't know much how to explain it, as I wouldn't engage in anything non platonic with HaD, the omo side of it is like that as well. It is rather innocent, and neither of us really find it a particularly sexual thing, though it can lead to arousal with certain people in certain situations, it's mainly a rush, and although I can see the HOW the lines could be blurred, I don't see HaD in that way, and he nor I, and we can enjoy that as friends, I guess? I hope that made it clear,

Overall - for me, omo itself is not sexual, nor is it that way for him

*004*2016-11-02 22:03

{{51 minutes ago, WetDave said:

You say there is little or no sexual component to your omo enjoyment. Again I find this difficult to comprehend. To me it is quite a sexual thing; not wholly sexual but that is a large part of it. I'm interested in what you get out of it if it's not an erotic or sexual experience for you.

For these reasons I find your story here most fascinating and I look forward to more insights with further episodes. Thanks for sharing this with us.

}}

Dave, for me, it is just a rush. It is adrenaline, it is fun, I can see how it would be sexual for some people, but for me it's not, so much. It's been this way since I can remember. I enjoy it and I enjoy seeing it, reading about it, but it rarely is ever sexual for me. I enjoy the sensations of my own desperation, and the plight of others' desperation, but it is not sexual, I don't much know how to describe it.

*006*2016-11-03 18:52

{{44 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

Firstly - a brilliant weekend, it really was, and it's so good to read about the incidental omo experiences from your point of view!

Secondly, though, to reply to the comments above - my friendship with EQ really is an amazing friendship, and one which (despite being formed out of a chance PM exchange on this site) omo only plays a very small part in. I'm obviously not going to go into too much detail, and I hope I'm not saying too much, but it all started at a time when she was going through a lot of really really horrible stuff mentally, and we went through a lot of it together, often talking for hours and hours at a time. It was the basis for what's now a very very close friendship. It certainly isn't anything that crosses lines in any way, and it wouldn't work if it was or if either of us wanted it to be.

How does omo fit into it, then? Well, for me too, it's just not a sexual thing at all. It's exactly as EQ says, really. Few things turn me off an experience or story on here as much as reading about someone's post-omo fumbling or what they got up to in the bedroom or wherever afterwards. Yes, I suppose there's always going to be an inherent connection given some of the sensations involved, but I just don't see it that way. Last weekend's omo 'fun' was just two close friends enjoying a common interest as it happened, not really planned and certainly not what the weekend was about!

}}

Thank you, you explained it better than me I think.

I agree I hate reading stories only to hear 'and then I came' or detailing sexual stuff, but I appreciate many people do, however my stories are void of that, because none of that occurs for me! It's just fun, it's like going on a rollercoaster, the rush, the struggle, and the competitive side with friends, seeing who will break first (me apparently)

Also, HaD, I'd like to see your perspective, too

