Accident during my adolescence

Author: Omoboy31

*000*2021-02-15 11:53

This is one of the most embarrassing memories of my teen years and definitely one of the key events that led me to wear protections; I do not remember everything in detail, so I'll take kind of a a poetic licence. I was 13 yo and I was going on a school trip with my class in a farm. At that time I was a little chubbier than I am now, but I was not overweight since now I am underweight (I am just skinny, I do not have alimentary issues). The entire trip was really funny, so funny that I forgot to use the bathroom when possible. I noticed a slight urge to use the toilet while going in the bus to come back home, but I thought I could hold it for the journey.

As time passed, I became more and more desperate, but I tried to forget it because I was with my friends and, since I had already had accidents in front of them, I did not want them to make fun of me. However, halfway I had to pee very bad and I could not avoid squirming and holding my crotch a little bit. My friends instantly noticed, but they were kind with me and told me to ask the teacher for a brief stop as soon as possible. I did so and the teacher said that it was not a problem and that the bus would have pulled over asap. I came back to my seat, but on my way I felt warm between my thighs, I was leaking, and pretty badly. I managed to stop the flow, but I had a visible wet patch on my jeans. 'Oh no, again?' my friend told me and I was dead inside. 'You can make it, don't worry!' someone told me to encourage me. However, I knew that I would not make it.

After a few minutes, I started leaking again, I felt the warm wetness spreading in my underwear and jeans and my embarrassment was incommensurable. I tried to stop it, but after a few seconds I was totally peeing in my pants full force, with a huge hissing sounds, and pee was dripping from my seat, and I could hear the disgusted voices of my friends. Someone called the teacher, who was standing in front of me while I was unable to stop it, but it was relieving and naughty. The teacher scolded me and told me to stop but I kept pissing a lot, I tried holding my crotch but piss kept flowing over my hands all over myself.

The teacher told me that my frequent accidents were a serious issue and that my parents would have been informed and that appropriate measures should have been taken. I said sorry and apologised wholeheartedly, crying while finishing emptying my bladder. At the end of the story, I was punished by my parents and few weeks after I started wearing protection under medical prescription. (Back then I was diagnosed with an overactive bladder due to my bad kidneys, now I keep wearing protection also for this reason but my kink plays a huge role in this decision).

*002*2021-02-15 17:18

It's one of my most embarrassing memories, however now I have overcome the trauma XD my childhood-first years of adolescence were a very wild&wet ride!

*004*2021-02-17 10:26

Thank you! I have many stories to narrate... I hope you will enjoy them!

*006*2021-02-18 11:12

Yes, it was! I had an undiagnosed health issue, so my childhood/early adolescence was really hard on that side. Fortunately my parents (even though they used to be a little strict when I was little) and friends were kind and caring, so I did not feel too bad!

*008*2021-02-19 17:03

{{17 hours ago, Dylan13 said:

I seem to be in agreement with others when I say it was very well written! You have a very good memory and I hope we can relive your memories with you, the good ones and the embarrassing ones.

There are quite a few embarrassing moments in my past as well and I believe that is very common here, lol. Thankfully, nothing as extreme as your situation, although, there were times when that was a very real possibility! Man it was close sometimes, and by close I mean no less than damp briefs! Lol.

So anyway, just wanted to say it was a great story and I can't wait to read more of your memories.

}}

Thank you so much! I would happily read your stories! As for my memory, I take pride in it, but I took poetic licenses of course, because indeed I cannot recall perfectly dialogues and stuff like that, but I can definitely remember the sequence of events and my feelings!

*010*2021-02-20 11:52

{{8 hours ago, Figgitydoo said:

Seriously?

"Our son was humiliated and traumatized because he accidentally peed himself in front of his class? Let's ground him."

I never understood that. It's like with nose bleeds. People get mad at a guy because he gets a nose bleed. It's not like they do it on purpose.

}}

It’s a contradiction! My parents used to be strict when I was little and thought I was having accidents on purpose because I was lazy (I liked it, but I was not doing on purpose!). I was not lazy, on the contrary J was (and I still am) so workaholic that I forget about everything! However, my parents changed when I was diagnosed with an overactive bladder

