Public Transport Deperation

Author: Lils

*000*2018-09-26 20:18

Today, I left university around 6pm - I had a slight need to use the restroom, but ignored it in favour of getting to my train and not being home too late (leaving at that time was already meaning that I would be getting home late). Arriving at the train station after some speed walking from campus, I was confronted with the fact that my train had broken down, and that I had to wait for the next train (45 minutes later). Unwilling to wait for the next train, I decided to take another (slower) train to the next large city, and go from there - I have had it a few weeks back that one train broke down, and then the other train that would leave 45 minutes later never arrived at the train station, so I thought it would be better for me to get somewhere closer to home than to just remain in the same station.

Upon entering the slower train, I passed the bathroom which smelled quite bad. There went my hope of going to the restroom on my journey. I took a seat and opened my phone to read some more in my book. Meanwhile, before reaching the next station I drank another half-liter of water (I had been drinking coffee and tea all day, which makes me go to the bathroom a lot, but also makes me feel thirsty in some strange twisted reasoning). When I got out in the next city, it was 45 minutes later and I went from 'it would be nice to go the a bathroom if one is available' to 'I really feel I need to pee by the constant ache in my bladder' and after walking around the station looking for the next train that would go (a twenty minute wait - I really hate communiting on some days), I had gone to the phase of 'I feel I need to pee with every move I make'. Meanwhile, I also bought myself a bag of crisps and a bottle of Coca Cola as a pre-dinner, my stomach was demanding to be fed.

The next train ride was rather uneventful. At this point, I had realized that this might not be super bad, but rather a new desperation experience for me, so I did not even bother looking for the toilet in this train. I rode the train for about 20 minutes, and got off again to hop onto my last train (this is why I prefer the fast train, it allows me to stay in the same train all the time). Again I had to wait fifteen minutes for my train, and while I usually walk around the station while listening to music to keep myself busy, I found that moving around a lot would only make my bladder feel worse, and I did not want to lose it so far from home and in a quite busy public place.

I was really happy when the next train was there and I could get on, but I must admit that my desperation was getting so bad, that I was wondering whether I should not just use the toilet on the train. I decided against it, because I did not want to back down so easily, and spend the rest of the half hour journey staring out of the window, and the sun which was going down, not really able to concentrate on much else. I tried different positions to sit in, but my light skinny jeans were putting more pressure on my lower abdomen and bladder every time I moved.

I think I have rarely been so glad to be off my last train and at my "home" station than today. When walking out of the train, I noticed I could only take little steps at the time, because any bigger steps I would make would make my bladder feel worse. By taking small steps I walked to my bike. I had expected cycling to be a relieve, as it puts some pressure down there without you having to hold yourself, and thereby it makes it easier to hold. However, I had not counted on my jeans pressuring my bladder with every move I made on my bike. I tried to cycle home as fast as possible, but when I had to cycle uphill and put some more efford into cycling, I lost my first spurt of pee into my pants. While it felt like I had lost a lot for me, it would have likely been only a little, and not even visible with the way I was sitting on my bike.

Fifteen minutes later I arrived home and opened the garage to put my bike inside. The moment I stepped of my bike at home, it was like my bladder was completely done with me. I quickly walked into the garage, but before I could close the doors behind me, I started peeing my pants. It did not take long for me to close the door and hold myself until I was back in control, but by that time the wet streaks on my jeans had reached my knees, and my inner ties were soaked with pee. There was no denying that I had peed myself, and it was very visible. I quickly put down my bagpack and left my shoes lying in the garage, before hurrying upstairs. I did not go to the toilet, but instead walked into the shower before completely letting go of the liquid inside me.

I heard the stream of pee leave me, before I felt my jeans getting warmer and wetter as I leaned agains the wall soaking myself. I felt like I peed for more than a minute (although it could be way less) when the stream finally started to slow down. Looking down, at my wet and warm legs, I saw the wetness had spread all over the front and back of my jeans, almost completely soaking them - only my hips and some parts of my upper legs were still dry. Below me lay a puddle of light yellow pee, that had the famous pee-smell. I turned on the shower and let it get warm, before rinsing my jeans while still wearing them.

After all of this, I put on some yoga pants, went down to cook dinner, took care of some administrative works, while my jeans are still laying in the shower. I feel the need to pee again now, and am kind of doubting what to do - I have to do a load of laundry anyway, so what would be the harm in wetting another pair of pants?

I apologize if there is any grammatical error or run-on-sentences; I am absolutely tired but felt like I could not not share this story with you people.

*006*2018-09-27 16:39

{{4 hours ago, Ranpalan said:

Thank you for sharing! I love it when people try to take risks like this.

}}

The main reason I was willing to take the risk was that there was really no clean toilet as an alternative and that I knew I could always go to the dirty train toilet as an alternative. On top of that, it was almost dark when I got home, so even if I had completely lost it on my way there, the chances of someone noticing would have been pretty limited.

{{2 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

What a wonderful desperate and wet time you had..

Did your yoga pants get wet too?

}}

I ended up staying up late with clean up, housework and some odd jobs I had to take care of - not wanting to make too much of a mess again I simply wet my yoga pants while sitting on the toilet, resulting in a nicely sized wet spot on my butt.

*011*2018-10-14 16:59

{{16 hours ago, Clownpiece said:

Great story!

By the way, coffee and tea can make you thirstier because they both contain caffeine, which is a diuretic and encourages your kidneys to pull water out of your system. You felt thirstier because you needed to drink more to replace the extra water. Or at least, I know alcohol (which is also a diuretic) can do this, but I've been told that alcohol is a much stronger diuretic than caffeine, so IDK.

}}

Yes, I have definitely noticed that before; not so much with coffee (because I tend to limit my coffee intake to 3 a day (morning, lunch and mid-afternoon), but I can easily finish a liter of tea in an hour.

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

Thank you for posting a thoroughly enjoyable story, and waking" little man" up.

}}

Glad to hear you enjoyed it!

