It Was A Good Dry Spell While It Lasted

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-11-12 06:20

Well, I'm sure there were some of you who were wondering if i was still around. The answer is yes. I am in fact still around, I've just been in a horrible state of mind as of late. It's even prevented me of socializing over the internet, but that's not what this topic is supposed to be about.

It's been a good month or two since my last accident, and I was so very proud of it (Though I was kind of missing the feel of it.) It was pretty much a typical night in my apartment, but one of the few times where I got to be home alone. I decided I would take advantage of this time alone to do what I like best. ABDL RP, and video games. My needs to go to the bathroom have reduced greatly since the cold weather hit, and I hadn't been drinking as much caffeine as I used to. Since I hadn't had pop in so long, I decided to treat myself to some. There was one problem, I forgot how fast pop goes to my bladder. This was at about 4:30PM. Mom was gonna be late from work because she was going out on a date with her new boyfriend, and both my brothers were working a night shift and left not long before that.

As I stated before, My mind has not been in a good place lately; which actually has cause me t practically vegetate for the greater part of the day. I'm usually very aware of when I need to go... usually being the the key word here. My mind was so completely out of it that I hadn't realized that I didn't go to the bathroom at all during the day. Again, due to my state of mind, I didn't realize I had to go as badly as I needed. Hell, I'd even forgotten to eat! At some point, I'd say about 7:45PM, amidst an ABDL RP, I started to feel the need, but figured it could wait. Boy, was a moment of poor judgment that was. I went about my RP time as I was, and was having quite a bit of fun. It was a good time, and a much needed cheering up, until...

Well, when my friends an I RP, We can get pretty funny. Now the pop and whatever ells I had to drink during the day was desperate to come out. But again, I was being stubborn. I wanted to tell my friends BRB, but at that point, one of my friends made me laugh. It wasn't just a little laugh either. It was the kind the sets of my asthma. The pressure from both my laughing and my coughing caused me to fall, yes, FALL off of my couch; which was a very good thing, because at that moment I was all out flooding. 

The good thing was, The night dress I wore was really short, so it didn't get wet, but the shorts I wore underneath... Well, not so much. Because I knew every body was going to be very late, (like only getting home at like 1:00AM) I moved my lap-top onto the coffee table not too far in front of our couch, and sat in my puddle until my friends had to go offline due to university and whatnot. In all honesty, I think I needed to wet myself. I felt so good afterward that I wasn't even the least upset when I had to clean it up. Of course, I didn't tell my friends about my accident, not that it would have really mattered.

