My only live, pee experience!

Author: notagain!

*000*2011-07-03 05:57

This happened to me when i was in high school a while ago. What a great day it would turn out to be!

It was the end of the school year, exam week. For me, science was a class I dreaded, there was nothing fun nor interesting about it. The only good part about it was the girl I liked (more then all the other girls in my grade lol) was in the seat next to me. We had science tables, two seats per table, so i luckily got her at my table.

Her name was Tiffani, she had a nice, slim body, and today she decided to wear a tight shirt, and really small and tight jeans shorts. She has a nice pair of boobs, nothing special really, but with the tight shirt they looked much better then they usually did. But my favorite feature was her ass, just excellent! And her wearing these tight, small jeans shorts made it look even better!

The exam was 2 1/2 hours for every period, 2 exams per day. This was the morning exam (i think it was like 7:30-10:00am) so i was pretty tired. I had my gym exam next though, so i got to leave after this exam was over (we had no gym exam). She walked into class, and noticed i was already there, doing my typical last minute cramming session. I told her she looked beautiful, and she thanked me. Our science teacher was just some fat, dumb, ugly old man, who only taught for the money and so he could coach our baseball team, he could care less about us.

He gave us our tests, and we would talk to our table buddy, exchanging answers (Which shows how dumb our teacher was). It was about 8:45, about halfway through our test, which i noticed Tiffani kept fidgeting. I had just started my interest in this pee fetish stuff, so i was a little bit distracted by her fidgeting. I could tell it was pee and not just stretching her body in her chair. 

Around 9am i said, "Is something wrong Tiffani? You've been fidgeting in your chair for a while now." and she replied saying, "Sorry, but i need to use the bathroom, i don't know if I can make it till' 10am, this could be a long hour and fifteen minutes." I assured her that everything would be fine and told her not to think about it and continue her test. (In my mind i was praying she would start losing control very soon). 10 minutes later or so, she whispered me an answer, so after that I asked her, "How's your bladder holding up?" she replied, "Don't even talk about it, it's sooooooooo bad!!!". She kept shifting her body back and fourth, she really needed to go now.

Unfortunately for her, you couldn't leave the classroom unless you're like puking or something, having to pee won't get you out of the room. You could leave the room anytime, but your test would be invalidated.(I guess for safety reason that you wouldn't be getting answers from someone in the halls or something.)

There were 30 min left before the exam ended, and Tiffani was REALLY starting to have problems! She had to keep one hand pressed between her sexy legs to have control. I asked her why she has to pee so bad, and she said, "I woke up late, and I couldn't get anyone to drive me to school, so i quickly put this outfit on, and ran out the door to barely catch the bus, so I didn't get to pee or anything before I left." I told her, "So it's been something like 10 hours since you've peed?", "Yeah, something like that", "Man, they say that no girl can hold in her pee in for 11 hours", I said jokingly. She said, "OMG SHUT UP!" in a loud, and laughing whisper, and playfully slapped my arm.

There were about 10 min left in the exam, and everyone was finished. We were all just talking, and relaxing, which our teacher allowed. Tiffani was doing everything she could not to show her desperation in front of the whole class. She asked my teacher if she could use the restroom, and he told her no, due to the test safety restrictions. She got really angry when my teacher told her no, and she came back to our table telling me that he's a ** and all that stuff. I asked her, "Are you going to be able to make it for another 10-15 min or so?"

"I don't think so, you have no idea how bad this pain is, i need to pee NOW" she said, with plenty of emphasis on the "now".

She then stood up, and almost instantly, bent over and grabbed her crotch, she squealed, "Oh no!". I noticed pee dripping out of her shorts! She sat down quickly, and said, "OMG, i can't believe that just happened! I asked, "Did you just pee yourself!!??!!". She sniffled and said, "Yeah, please don't tell anyone!", "I won't, but turn around for a second, lemme see if i can see any pee on your shorts.". She nodded and did so, her ass was pretty damp, so I told her not to move for a couple seconds, checking out her ass in the spare time i got ;) I said, "Man it sucks that your shorts are light colored, because i can see the pee pretty well, it's not a lot though. She sighed, and it looked like she was going to cry. She sniffled and told me, "I'm not gonna make it to the bathroom, I've already let a little more out.".

I said, "Tiffani you have to hold it until the bell rings, and don't get out of your seat, so nobody can see your shorts, and when the bell rings we have to be the last people out of the room as well." She said, "Alright, I'll try my best, but no promises, i have to pee soooo badly!!!!". I could see the desperation on her face, she was going to burst any minute! She had to survive 5 more grueling minutes, and i could tell that wasn't going to be easy.

She somehow survived the 5 minutes, and when the ball rang everyone got out of the room pretty quickly. Tiffani then stormed out of the room as fast as she could (which was very slow considering how bad she had to pee). My hormones got the best of me, so I followed her to the bathroom I knew she'd be going to. I kept my distance, making sure if she saw me walking behind her, she would think that I was going to leave the school, and not watch her desperation. As i turned the corner, I saw her bent over, walking from side to side, inches away from the ladies room. And when all hope was given up on her peeing her pants, the pee gods answered my prayers! She then stopped doing her bent over walk, and dropped to her knee's. Squealing, pee started gushing out of every part of her shorts! I quickly stepped back, making sure I wouldn't be seen by her behind the corner of the wall as I watched.

When I stopped her the pee hitting the floor (which was like a whole minute!), I casually turned the corner and saw her sobbing on the ground. She had a red face of embarrassment, tears running down her face, and pee all over her shorts! She saw me, and needing someone to cry on, walked over to me and hugged me, digging her face into my chest. She said in a sobbing, sniffling voice, "Look at me! I can't believe I peed myself! What am I gonna do? I'm so embarrassed! Promise me you won't tell anyone about this, will you?". I assured her that I wouldn't tell anyone.

She had horticulture for her next exam, so lucky for her, she had no exam as well. I told her how we were gonna leave the school without anyone seeing her, and she agreed to going forth with my plan. She told me she lived walking distance to our school, so I offered her my shirt that I was wearing as something to cover her shorts. She thanked me and wrapped my shirt around her waist.

When we arrived to her house (which was HUGE by the way!) she gave me my shirt back. She jumped up on me, wrapping her legs around my body, almost like a spider hug or something, and gave me a huge hug! "Thank you so much for helping me! I don't know what I would've done without your help!", she said. I gave her a kiss on her forehead and told her it was no big deal. She gave me a kiss on my lips, and told me, "Don't tell anyone about this (looking down at her shorts) or about that!" I blushed/nodded and said goodbye to her, and returned to the high school where my father was there to pick me up and drive me home.

After Tiffani's accident, she text messaged me a lot, and we became really good friends, and we kept in touch until we graduated. I haven't seen her since graduation, but maybe I'll see her again at our high school reunion.

That's my experience, I hope you all enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed living it! :D

*002*2011-07-03 22:34

{{ 

Well-written story. Not sure I buy at as a real experience, though, primarily because I can't imagine your teacher being that stupid.

Also:

I think you mean that he couldn't care less.

}}

I'll admit that this story was exaggerated in some parts, but it is a true story! :D

