Planned holding session leads to unplanned accident

Author: soggysarah

*000*2020-01-05 15:55

Hi there, this is my first post on the forums though I've been a lurker for awhile. I've always been a bit shy to contribute anything myself but I had an experience yesterday that I thought would be worth sharing here.

I've been into omo for a little while and typically just like doing planned holds and wettings, nothing too crazy since I live at home with my mom and younger sister. I had some time to myself yesterday because they went out together to do some shopping so I figured I'd do one of my usual sessions since they wouldn't be back for a few hours.

I started off by drinking a 500 ml bottle of water, refilled it and drank that as well, and then started boiling a pot of water to make myself some tea. Once it was done I took it into the living room and sat down to watch some TV. My plan was to hang out here near the kitchen for easy access to drinks until I felt the urge then go upstairs, change into an old pair of yoga pants that I like to use for wettings, and do it in my shower like usual.

I drank the tea, put the mug in the dishwasher and refilled my water bottle again, which I chugged while standing at the kitchen sink. I filled it once more before retreating back to the couch so I could sip on it while I waited. This put me at 1500 ml of water and around 300 ml of tea, which usually results in me needing to go relatively quickly.

30 minutes passed, and nothing. Then another 30, and still not much. Feeling impatient and a bit confused, I finished the rest of my fourth bottle of water for a total of 2+ liters.

I started getting into the show on TV and kind of lost track of time until I finally felt the urge to go about twenty minutes later. It felt like maybe a 4/10, which seemed weird considering how much I drank, but I figured I'd go upstairs and relocate to my bedroom anyways so I could change into my yoga pants and be across the hall from my bathroom.

I stood up from the couch, where I had been sitting for over an hour now, and bam. 6/10. Okay, I thought, nothing unusual, standing up tends to do that. I walked across the room, went up the stairs, and felt a twinge in my bladder as I reached the top. I quickly headed for my bedroom.

My urge was growing quickly now so I pulled off the shorts I was wearing and started to look for my yoga pants. My room is a bit messy right now so this was easier said than done. They weren't in the drawer where I thought they were, and weren't in my basket of clean laundry either. By now I was dancing in place as I looked and getting waves of desperation. I momentarily thought of just heading to the shower and doing it in just my panties, but I really wanted to find these pants because I love how it feels to wet them.

What felt like an eternity later but was really maybe a minute I finally found them laying on the floor under the foot of my bed. I hurried to put them, and suddenly felt myself leak. I stopped for a second, held myself and sat on the bed for a moment to try to regain my composure. It didn't help, and instead, I leaked in my underwear a second time. Realizing the extent of my desperation, I reached down quickly, grabbed the yoga pants which were around my ankles, and yanked them all the way up as I stood from the bed simultaneously.

My feet hit the floor, the snug waistband snapped around my bladder, and the combination was just too much. A noisy hiss filled the room as my pee gushed out uncontrollably, spraying forcefully into my underwear and pants and splattering onto the carpet below. I panicked, trying to stop the flow so I could at least make a run for the shower, but it was no use. All I could do was spread my legs and watch it happen. I peed for at least a minute straight, soaking myself and the carpet.

Thankfully I was able to quickly clean everything up before my mom and sister got back but it was my first genuine accident in quite some time. Goes to show what happens when I overestimate my bladder.

*003*2020-01-08 13:14

{{8 hours ago, Drip said:

That was an interesting read, you should definitely start posting more often.

}}

Thanks, I think I will once I come out of my shell of shyness a bit more.

*005*2020-01-13 15:45

{{On 1/11/2020 at 3:38 PM, peepantsboy said:

This was super hot, I would love to see a video of you wetting your yoga pants

}}

I'm way too shy to put up videos of myself or anything like that, sorry.

