A little bit of fun with my gf

Author: ArcticVortex

*000*2016-04-16 06:15

Ok, so I've recently started dating Ash and although I'm pretty certain she's not into omo or even knows what it is, she is stubborn and thinks her iron bladder can hold into any situation. Last saturday i proved her wrong so i hope you enjoy!

The time we've been together she will almost never go to the bathroom. She says she hates public restrooms and prefers to use her own and will only use a restroom if she's absolutely desperate. I had a day planned with her and stopped at her house around 830ish. I let myself in and we eat breakfast that she cooked for us and left at about 10. I told her to use the bathroom because we weren't going to be back for about 14 hours and unfortunately she can make it that long... usually. 

But today was a beautiful day and ik she would be drinking a lot of water... the day I met Ash she wet herself twice... since then nothing and she's really really good at hiding her desperation, so I know nothing will happen... today though, I knew that she was not going to make it home without at least using a public restroom... or in our case the great outdoors. Ash loves to hike and run and stuff and she even enjoys camping. We've gone fishing before and even went shooting once. She is about as out doorsy as a person can get so I planned a day of hiking and exploring. Before I begin the story I'll make a note that Ash hates using public restrooms but doesn't mind going outside... just prefers not to, so I had no clue half of this day was going to happen.

We drove about 2 hours to a good enough spot and started to hike up the trail. About 3 hours in we decided to eat and Ash was on her 5th bottle of water. I did not think she'd go through all that water so fast but when we finished eating I told her we were heading back. She was mad but the heat was obviously getting to her and I did not want her to have something happen so after some convincing she decided to walk back to the car. We finally got back to the car and I said before we should both take a piss and I went but when I got back she didnt. I figured I was going to have to argue but she said she could handle it for the ride back... I just told her we were going back to the car and never said we were going back home... 

I decided whether to tell her the truth, but cracked and explained we probably weren't going to get back to her place until about 9 o'clock at night... and I think it was 3 or 4 at this point. I was certain she was going to go but to my amazement and satisfaction she didn't and said she'd be fine. This is not the first time that she does something stupid just to prove a point and I decided that for once I'm going to go out of my way to either A make her pee outside or in her pants... I'm not proud of it but I wanted to show her that sometimes I know what I'm talking about... besides it was harmless and I knew she wouldn't get mad.

I just drive around and we stop periodically to check a place out and we were kinda just exploring the area when next thing I know is its 7 o'clock and we're about 4 or 5 hours away from her place. She finally agrees to go outside because we both know she would not make the ride and I thought for once that she'd listen to me (she loves to argue bit it's all friendly and playfull) but as she gets out about 3 or 4 coyotes ran by and she got scared or something but decided to wait until we got to town for a public restroom. I check the GPS and the closest town was 2 hours away but she swore she'd make it... I love Ash... but sometimes she will go out of her way to prove a point and I knew she wasn't going to make it but didn't want to argue and told her to get in the car. I'd love to make up some desperation part to this but Ash is really good at hiding it and I HATE driving at night so I was focusing on the road not her. About an hour into the trip she yells fuck stop the car.

I pull over she gets out and runs forward. The beauty of this is she went in front of the headlights so I saw everything. Anyways she runs out in front of car and tries to undo her buckle and while she's fidgeting you can see her clearly peeing her pants whike trying to undo her pants and after a bit she gives up and continues to pee her pants... as I watch... around me Ash doesn't care what she does she'll fart burp and do anything basically so when she comes to the car she just says yeah yeah I know you told me so. She then takes off her pants and sits down and looks at me like what? You want pee all over your seat... I wasn't complaining but not gonna lie the drive back was kinda hard because my gf was just sitting in her underwear right next to me having casual conversation acting like she didn't pee her pants... but we get back to her place and she puts her pants back on we go inside and she showers.

NOTE: ok there is nothing more omo based in this story this next part is just something really scary that happened that night so if you don't want to hear it that's fine but if you do go on ahead.

After she gets done showering she goes to bed but I wasnt tired and go to her basement to play some ps4. I play a bit of BO3 Zombies and about half an hour into it i get really really uneasy and decide to shut it off. I love ghost hunting I'm a nerd in that aspect and that part of me wanted to try to communicate and get activity but the smart part of me wanted to say fuck it and go to bed with Ash... who listens to common sense anymore? I try to communicate with it and nothing happens... then I feel breathing down my neck turn around and see nothing but I feel something tap my shoulder and year a whisper.... don't be scared I'll make it quick and painless.... or I heard and felt nothing and was loosing it but regardless I went upstairs and as I'm walking to her room the lights downstairs turn on... 

Ash would call me a bitch if i left the lights on even if this were the case... so I go to turn them off and as I get back upstairs there's someone sitting on the sofa..... I am clearly scared but ask Ash? No response when someone grabs my shoulder and says my name I scream turn around and it was Ash who heard someone walking and checked it out. Not gonna lie.... seeing her face after being scared shitless made me lose it. I turned in my man card and started crying. Ash has never seen me like this so I didn't know how she would react but she hugged me and didn't ask why or what but led me to bed where I literally stayed next to her the entire night. Now I am known to feel and hear things when I do this shit and idk idk what I saw or heard was real but I am pretty certain that I turned the light off and that is why I think this shit actually happened. Anyways hope you enjoyed the story!

