SingaPOUR

Author: Xpgames

*000*2016-06-22 13:56

Long time lurker, first time sharing. Though my preference is female desperation and wetting, I have been caught short too many times to count, especially while traveling. I have also witnessed many incidents and have been told many stories. It is truly amazing how many people are willing to share personal experiences after first admitting your own to them. On that note, it is only fitting that I share a recent personal experience.

A couple months back, I had the opportunity to take a business trip from Frankfurt to Indonesia via Singapore for a mere 4 nights. With major jet lag and a tight work schedule, there was little time for sight-seeing and adventure until the last night in Singapore. This was my first time in that part of the world, and after a few days of eating on a very poor island in Indonesia, I was very excited to see what Singapore had to offer for an evening. Outside of the beautiful skyline and pure cleanliness of the city, there were several dining and drinking options all along the river. After a quick bite to eat and a nice evening river tour, I found myself on top of the Marina Bay Sands Hotel trying to gain access to the famous infinity pool with a view of the whole city. Unfortunately, you have to be a hotel guest to access the pool area, so I settled for the observation deck.

After my fill of sights, I decided to head back towards my hotel in the Clarks Quay area. The area was perfect for a one night stint in Singapore. Packed with 70+ bars and restaurants, the choices for all types of international cuisine and drinking were top notch. For the first couple of stops, my boss and another work colleague joined me. We were all VERY thirsty and consumed quite a few beers over the next couple of hours stopping at a few different places ... Around 11 pm

, my boss and work colleague decide they want to call it a night. I think to myself, “this place is packed with people from all over the world, the night is young, we don’t have to work in the morning, and we have only been to a few places ... Suit yourself gents! I am staying out!” I used the restroom and ventured on ...

First stop was an Irish Bar for a couple pints ... then an outdoor restaurant for a glass of wine ... followed by a German restaurant for a traditional 1 liter beer ... I was feeling a bit buzzed but had great energy and was really enjoying the vibrant atmosphere. At this point I noticed an outdoor Mexican restaurant ... I immediately felt the need for a taco and a Pacifico. After finishing, it was then time to find a restroom ... All of the beers had finally caught up with me ... No problem, right? Well, I stop at a Wing restaurant and was told that they are no longer serving food ... I say, “No problem, I am only here for a drink, but first I need to use your restroom.”

“Sorry sir, the restroom is closed for cleaning.” Not sure why I panicked, but my situation went from pretty bad to URGENT. Evidently many of the bars and restaurants in the area do not have public restrooms ... Evidently there are clean public restrooms throughout the entire area ... In my state, I did not realize this and made the executive decision to hurry back to my hotel which was less than 10 minutes away ...

My mind started to race ... “OMG I really need to hurry!!!” My head is now on a swivel desperately seeking a place for relief ... the river is close by, there are many buildings ... I can duck into that small corner ... so many options ... no problem ... I have gone outside thousands of times ... that is when I notice all of the cameras on the buildings ... then I think about being in a foreign country with potentially strict laws ... the hotel was in my sights ... but it was too late ... knees bent ... bouncing ... grabbing my crotch ... the whole nine yards ... it did not matter ... I started peeing and COULD NOT STOP ... my white shorts were drenched in seconds and a huge puddle formed at my feet while I was leaning against a wall trying to “hide” what was happening ... how embarrassing!

As the reality of the situation kicked in and adrenaline still flowing, I realize I must now get back to my hotel room ... I buried my head and walked through the ground floor entrance, up the elevator to the 7th floor, then across the well-lit main reception lobby to the guest room elevators and up to my room! Not sure if anyone noticed or not, as I was totally zoned out ... but it was very obvious that I totally had an accident. When I finally made it to my room, I reflected on the situation and found it very exhilarating. I even snapped a photo of the damage ... Needless to say, I will not be forgetting that evening any time soon ...

Last month, I had to return to Indonesia ... for two weeks this time ... I have not wet the bed in at least 10 years ... . So, I was pretty shocked by what happened ... maybe it was a combination of jet lag, being over tired, and having a few beers, but I wet the bed 3 out of the first 5 nights. I was in denial at first as the first two nights I slept naked ... but the 3rd night I slept in my clothes and there was no denying what happened!!! I also found this exciting, but really did not mean to cause housekeeping any extra work and was definitely embarrassed.

These incidents along with some amazing witnessed wettings, many other travel experiences, and this wonderful site have definitely peaked my omo interest. Needless to say, I am traveling to Amsterdam tomorrow and am definitely considering wearing some protection ... if not while out on the town, definitely before I go to bed!!! Maybe even both. Hope you enjoyed! Cheers!

$$

*001*2016-07-04 10:35

In preparation for Amsterdam, I decided to head to the DM market and purchased some tena pull ups ... Because I was fairly embarrassed I grabbed the first package I saw and threw them into my cart without much consideration. I stopped home, opened them up and threw 2 into my suit case. The trip there was uneventful, but prior to heading out for the afternoon and evening, I decided to try one on ... In my opinion, it was kind of bulky, but definitely fit ... underneath boxers and some gray cargos. After a mirror assessment, I chickened out ... I was afraid people would notice. Let’s just say that ended up being a huge mistake! Anyways, my first stop was a wine bar somewhat close to the Red Light District. I sampled a few different wines and had an appetizer. After my 4th glass, I decided I better slow it down a bit, as it was only about 5 pm.

I went for a stroll through the RLD and found myself in a mushroom shop. After speaking with some shop personnel I opted for the Hawaiians ... The plan was to bring them back home with me ... Well, I made the switch to beer and talked to several people in and around the Bulldog establishments. One thing led to another and I opened up the shroom container and sampled about a quarter of the package. The thing about shrooms is that beers go down like water! Since I wasn’t really feeling anything after an hour or so, I decided to eat some more ... that along with several beers and several trips to the toilet, I was was feeling great!! I swear that I must have the world’s weakest bladder once the seal is broken. For the fun of it, I decided to do some “window shopping”.

Needless to say my bladder filled up faster than expected ... maybe it was the number of beers, maybe the mushrooms ... but I became very desperate, very quickly! Before I could make it into a bar to find a restroom, I totally wet myself. Hundreds of people around and gray cargos is kind of a bad combination. However, in my state, I did not care ... . Hell, it could have been a spilled beer ... Right? At least that is what I told myself. Regardless, I powered on and continued my pub crawl. Eventually I decided that I had enough and decided to head back to my hotel. En route, I felt another fairly urgent need, so I stopped to talk to a hotel/hostel proprietor standing at an entrance to their property. I made some small talk and asked to use the toilet. Sorry it is for hotel guests only. I shrugged it off and kept talking. What I should have done was leave immediately.

After about 5 minutes, I asked again and finally was let in. The toilets of this establishment were in the basement. I was about halfway down the stairs when I realized there was no possible way I would make it. By the time I made it to the bathroom, I was peeing full force into my pants for the second time that night! At this point, I decided that enough was enough, walked straight out the door like nothing happened and headed back to my hotel. This time people definitely noticed! Two dudes stop and exclaim “holy fu*k, did you just piss your pants?” I blamed it on the mushrooms and tried to laugh it off ...

At this point, I gave them the rest of the shrooms and made my escape ... not before the one guy snapped off a couple photos ... hopefully those don’t surface anytime soon! I made it back to the hotel without further incident and crashed hard. In the morning I woke up and immediately noticed that I wet myself. Thankfully I was smart enough to wear a pull up to bed!!! And thankfully it worked, as it was completely soaked. Not wanting to take any chances, I put the second one on and went back to sleep. A couple hours later I woke up dry, but I definitely needed to go. Realizing I was wearing protection, I simply decided to not waste the opportunity and intentionally wet myself. What a crazy evening!!! Two accidental public accidents, one accidental bed wetting, and one intentional wetting. Definitely a first for me.

