Desperate tyre fitter sighting

Author: Despguy123

*000*2016-08-06 16:31

Recently I ordered some new tyres for my car to be fitted by a mobile tyre fitter. He arrived during the afternoon, a young guy in his late 20s, and straight away I noticed that despite his smile and cheery manner he seemed quite fidgety and distracted. He did a quick check of the tyres, kneeling down to each tyre and bouncing a bit each time, then as he went into his van to get something I caught him giving his cock a quick squeeze through his black work trousers. He looked absolutely bursting for a piss. He told me that I was his second to last customer of the day, so I'm guessing he'd been driving from house to house all day with no chance to go to the loo.

I asked if he wanted 'a drink or anything', thinking maybe he'd ask to use the toilet, but instead he asked for a coffee. I brought one out to him and left him to it. About half an hour later he rang the bell to say he'd finished, went through some paperwork (while fidgeting around like mad) and took my payment. As we waited for the card transaction to go through, he was pacing around and at one point he very quickly squeezed his cock. I did think about asking if he'd like to use the toilet before he left for his last customer, as he looked more desperate than ever and the large mug of coffee he'd finished probably wasn't helping, but I didn't want to embarrass him. 

At one point he glanced towards the front door and I think he must have wanted to ask permission to go in and have the piss he desperately needed, but didn't want to look unprofessional. Just before he left I caught him giving his cock a long squeeze as he got into his van. Wonder if he made it to his final customer then back to the depot, or if he found somewhere to piss on the way?

