Three sightings from ski holidays

Author: buddy

*000*2019-01-03 15:52

I went skiing with my girlfriend Ann over Christmas and had a few short desperation sightings.

1.

The first happen while we skied with a couple of friends. Shortly before our lunch break we had to use a last ropeway. We had to queue for like 15 minutes during that time the daughter of our friends couldn´t stand still. She shifted from leg to leg or shove or jammed one knee over the other. In the gondola she even pulled up her skipants into her crotch. She made it to the restaurant but went straight to the bathroom. I followed her and when I passed the door of the cubicle for women I could hear her forcefull stream for over a minute. When we were both finished we met at the sink. When I just mentioned “Ah, better!” she replied “Oh yes it was really an emergency. I could not have waited for another 5 minutes. I thought I would explode in the last ropeway.”

2.

Once I sat in the last chairlift of the day, when I complained that this the worst skilift in the of all, as it is so slow and windy. To which Ann replied, that this one is really bad, but the worst was in the area where she drove as a kid. It was actually an anchor lift, that pulled 2 skiers on their skis up the mountain. I asked her what was worse then with this one. She explained, that it was also was typically their last lift and it was long, cold and also windy. But besides it stopped regularly for an uncertain period. Then she admitted a little bashfully that to make it even worse she often was bursting to pee at the end of a long ski day.

First they all had to wait in a long queue up to 20 minutes. It was really cute, how she conceded that she tried to hide her desperation from the others as she was too proud to admit it. Quiet some days it was just too urgent and she couldn´t stand still, but was either slightly shivering and wriggling her legs. But even when it was so obvious that her mother asked her what the matter was or if she had to go, she denied it. After they finally made it to the start of the lift she said, she always tried to lift alone, because she could fidget unnoticed and she could press the pole of the anchor between her legs.

Unfortunately the lift was so busy that the trick rarely worked. Either she had to lift with one of her friends or parents. In both cases her fidgetiness became obvious and perceptible for the lift partner. She explained that she tried to position a skipole on the ski in front of her to push the grip into her crotch. But even then her behavior was too apparent. In the good case she got asked if everything is ok or anything amiss. Worse was the straight question, if she gotta go bad. In any case she made the excuse she was cold.

Her father was so unsuspecting that he only complaint abot her restlessness, asked her to calm down and warned her to fall out the lift. Which apparently happened the the unluckiest cases, which ment she had to go down to the start again. This extended her suffering further. Finally she confessed that many times she had wet knickers from uncontrollable splashers of pee and one time she had an accident in the skiroom of the hotel. Last but not least she even confessed that the story made her having to go pretty bad right now.

3.

The other day I offered to pick up the kids after skischool with my car. When I loaded the skies in the car I observed that one girl was a bit fidgety. She constantly stepped from one foot to the other. As the oldest of the 4 she sat in the front seat next to me. Right away she squirmed obviously in her seat. I bet she tried to compose herself and didn´t want to attract our attention. When I asked her, if she everything is alright, she replyed: “Yes, why?”

“Because you seem a bit restless.”

“Oh, I´m just a bit cold.” To which the only boy and younger brother of the desperate girl commented: “But it isn´t cold at all today.” And she answered, that she only wears thin nylon tights underneath.

Normally it is only a few minutes to our hotel, but at that day there was an accident and the only road to our hotel was temporary blocked. Off course we didn´t know, how long it would take. The desperate girl next to me looked really worried. I tried to ease the situation and said: “Well we don´t know how long it will take, but don´t worry. I have something to drink and some sweets. The tank is full so we are warm and save. So no problem at all.” To which the boy added: “But I think not only the car is full.” When I asked him what he meant, he stated that his sister might as well be full. She got redfaced and asked, what he would mean. “You have a full bladder, don´t you?”

“What, no, how do you say that?“ „Because you fidget quiet violently.” „But I already said, that I´m a bit cold.“ She immedealty stopped to fidget with her legs, but squeezed them tightly together. She wrung her hands at the side and wriggled with her pelvis. Not in a wild way, but more in the typical style when you have to move somehow because you are desperate but don´t want to show it.

For half an hour nothing happened except the poor girl obviously became even more desperate, because she started to more and more shift in her seat. She hadn´t said a word about, butnow asked me how much longer I think we had to wait. When I replied that I had no idea and asked her why she wanted to know and if she was ok, her brother teased her. “Because she is bursting!”

“I´m not, you idiot.”

“But you can´t even sit still anymore.”

“Can you stop this, off course I can keep still.” Again she tried to pull herself together. But she could only reduce the fidgeting to a constant jittering and rocked fiercly with her pelvis. Then her brother started to hiss into her ear while laughing at her. She hectically jammed the right hand into her crotch, so only I could see it. “Shut yout mouth, jamhead!” she whispered back already a bit whining. “Why should I, if you don´t have to go?” She bit her lower lip in despair.

After another 5 minutes she asked again: “Tom, can´t we take another route or drive around the accident?” Her brother further teased her: “Hey sis, about to pee your pants?”

“Why can´t you finally shut up?” I replied: “No chance, sorry. Why?” „Nothing, I just…“ she stammered apparently embarressed. Now I had to make her admit to her unbearable distress. “Marie, what is the matter?”

“I, ehh.” She could speak it out. „Do you have to go? Honestly!“ She only nodded. „How bad is it?“ „Pretty bad!“ she wailed. „How much longer can you wait?“ „Not for long,” did she stammer, now beet-red either from shame or the overwhelming effort of holding it in for anpther moment.

Just then the road was given free. So she made it, at least to the hotel. But later at the bar, when she wasn´t around, her brother told the story to everybody in every detail. As a result every hotel guest approached her even days after and gave her comfort.

*003*2019-01-10 16:39

{{On 1/5/2019 at 1:15 PM, Tibarary said:

Thanks a lot for these excellent experiences! How old were the girls?

}}

No. 1 16 and No. 3 14

*006*2019-02-08 11:30

{{On 1/31/2019 at 11:19 AM, Tibarary said:

Thanks for anwering my question! I really enjoyed your story! Do you remember what kind of clothing she was wearing?

}}

Yes, she wore this typical tight, light blue stretch ski pants.

