Double bed wetting

Author: OmegaButtercup

*000*2022-03-31 09:09

Been reading stories on here for the longest time, and now I finally have one of my own to share!

Just to establish before getting started, I'm an afab enby who's on testosterone, so I have a pussy but I call my clit my dick because I've got a good amount of bottom growth. I'm 5'7, big and chubby, and for this story I was hanging out in my room naked, as I often do. Okay, let's begin the story!

I recently bought a new mattress, so I thought for the old matress's last day before going in the dumpster, might as well pee on it. I've always had a waterproof mattress cover on my bed for wettings, so I was curious how it would be different peeing directly on the mattress. I removed the mattress cover, put the sheets back on, and drank a lot of water hoping to need to go bad in the morning.

Sure enough, I woke up the next day with a painfully full bladder. The first thing I thought about as I woke up was how badly I needed to go. I was at about a 7/10, really desperate, but I could hold it for a little bit. It was extremely arousing, and since I've been on T I've started to have morning wood, waking up extremely aroused every day. I had a morning ritual of waking up, immediately masturbating, then getting up to pee.

I did as I always did, flipping over onto my stomach to muffle my moans with my pillow so I wouldn't disturb my roommate, and rubbing away at my dick. Laying on my stomach pressed into my full bladder, and my desperation definitely fueled my arousal. I let out several leaks, and had to squeeze my thighs together hard to hold my pee in. It was the most desperate I'd been while jerking off for a long time, and it definitely fueled my arousal. After about 45 minutes I orgasmed so hard my ears were ringing.

Now for me, on orgasm usually lessons my desperation for a little while, so I decided to take advantage of that. I had stashed two water bottles near my bed, so I decided to open up my laptop and start working while drinking those. (I work from home) There was already a wet patch in the sheets under me from my juices and my leaking bladder.

After my orgasm my desperation dipped down to about a 4/10. Half an hour later, halfway through the first water bottle, it shot back up to an 8/10. I was squeezing as hard as I could and bouncing on my bed to hold it in. I could barely type. I started drinking quicker, not allowing myself to pee until both bottles were gone.

10 minutes later the first bottle was empty, and my desperation was at a 9/10. I was completely unable to focus on work, so I just sat my laptop down and focused on drinking the last of that water. The second I cracked open the second bottle a strong spurt of pee escaped. I had to grab my crotch to stop the flow, and my sudden movement made me spill water on my chest. Let me tell you, cold water on your nipples makes holding it really hard!

I chugged down that second water bottle in 5 minutes. My bladder hurt so bad, and I knew I couldn't hold it long before bursting. I still tried to hold it for as long as I could, but more and more leaks kept running down my ass crack into the mattress, so in less than 5 minutes I gave up.

I laid back, relaxed, and that sweet feeling of wet warmth flowed out of me, pooled around my ass and soaked into the mattress. It was such a relief after holding in that much, and I let out a loud sigh as I let it go. I had to have peed for a solid minute before the stream slowly came to a stop. It didn't spread out as much as it did with the waterproof cover on, only the area around my ass was soaked. It felt amazing though, sitting there in the warm wetness.

Apparently my dick enjoyed the relief as much as my bladder did, because that little guy stood up ready for round 2! Jerking off while sitting in a puddle of my own piss is always one of my favorite things to do, so I put my hand to work, and after a nice wet time, I had another orgasm that left my ears ringing for a solid 15 minutes.

After that I went back to work, answering emails and working on projects while my coworkers on teams had no idea I was currently naked and soaked in my own piss. I keep drinking water like I normally did throughout the day, and around lunch I started to feel the need to pee again. I grabbed three water bottles this time along with my food, and returned to my wet patch to eat and drink more.

After eating, and a bottle and a half down, I was at a solid 7/10. Starting to squirm, but could definitely hold it for longer. I went back to work while casually sipping on my remaining water. By the time I finished, I was at a 9/10. Fidgeting, leaking, squeezing hard and desperate. I had a virtual meeting to attend, that thankfully didn't require webcam, so I challenged myself to hold it until the call was over.

It was agony talking about projects and budgets while holding in so much pee. I was trying not to make my bedsprings creak from my bouncing, and holding back moans from how pleasurably swollen my bladder was. I was internally begging my coworkers to get their report out faster so I could pee again. Nearly 20 minutes of beautiful wet torture.

The second I hung up the call I let it go. My pee made an audible hiss as my now cold puddle warmed right back up. I swear I almost came just from the relief of that pee, and I definitely moaned like I did. Luckily my roommate was at work. My cock was up for round three, and I got to rubbing away while emailing my time sheet to my manager. Third orgasm of the day, and this one made my vision white out for a minute or two.

I spent the rest of my day hanging out in my puddle, enjoying the wetness. As soon as I clocked out for the day I went and took a shower, took my piss soaked mattress out to the dumpster, and unboxed my new one. I wonder what wet adventures I'll have with this one?

This concludes my first wetting experience post. Hope you enjoyed, and thank you for reading.

