Bored isolation wetting (pics)

Author: Ethi

*000*2022-02-02 02:17

Hello! Sorry I'm back after so long I've been busy with life recently and I've had plenty of free time on my hands thanks to me having covid so while I've been trapped home I decided to hold and wet myself for once. This time I decided red! The same ones from my profile picture.

I set a goal to see if I could get the wet patch fully up the front and back and got it up all the way on the front but not on the back, I tried to do it sitting only but still didn't work maybe next time in grey!?

Here's the pics! If you wanna chat with me more I'm always active on discord especially for the next week send me a message on here too I love to chat with people!

*002*2022-02-04 02:57

{{8 hours ago, X_cristatus said:

Super hot pictures! Looks like you were really enjoying the experience.

}}

I always do ^^

*004*2022-02-06 08:06

{{On 2/4/2022 at 9:58 AM, kpeepants said:

Awesome pics, thanks for sharing.

}}

Every wetting gets at least 2 ;)

*006*2022-02-06 08:32

{{9 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

Sexy pics!! Is there a video??

}}

There is no video, I am not comfortable sending them to people right now maybe In the future? Because I do record some of them for my own pleasure.

*008*2022-02-06 08:37

{{2 minutes ago, BladderLad said:

No worries! Hope you become more comfortable in the future

}}

People really seem to like My pictures so maybe a video would be good eventually right!? Maybe a video would be more enjoyable for people!? Videos I can see happening in the future though!

*012*2022-02-06 16:22

{{7 hours ago, rasec said:

That is such a nice wet bum love to see rear pics! Xx

}}

Thank youu

{{6 hours ago, BladderLad said:

It’s this site! People don’t often acknowledge male content- however there are Definetely people that appreciate it

}}

I certainly have noticed that, but no biggie I'm certainly trying my best to deliver some good content for the people interested in the Male omo!

*014*2022-02-06 23:15

{{4 hours ago, wetskipants said:

Excellent wetting. The front is so wet at first I thought the two pics were before and after. What a flood. How did you get so much of the back wet? Did you sit down at one point?

}}

I sat for the whole thing, it even says on the post I tried to get it up and back on both sides totally wet but it didn't work maybe if I lean back a bit more?

