Witnessed desperation when I worked in a shoe shop

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2018-09-05 15:39

Working in a shoe shop.

For a few months I had a job in a shoe shop. It was a smallish shop but the only one in the town so at certain times of year it was fairly busy. I enjoyed the job but this particular day I enjoyed it even more.

The doors were wide open and the shop was empty and quiet and I could hear a boy and what I assume was his dad approaching. It was about a week or so before Christmas and near the end of the day. The boy was about 8 and his dad seemed a little harassed. The boy was saying how he HAD to buy something for his mum but the dad seemed to be keen to get to the supermarket along the road.

Anyway the child managed to convince the adult to come into the shoe shop where I was working alone that afternoon. The boy came running towards me asking me if we sold anything he could buy for his mum for Christmas. I needed to make some sales so I was delighted to show him some fluffy slippers we had displayed. The boy shouted to his dad who was hanging around the door looking quite sweaty and frustrated. Finally his dad came in but immediately sat down by the window telling his son to hurry up.

I never thought much of it since there could have been any number of reason why he wanted his son to hurry so I concentrated on the little boy who was so excited and wanted to look at all the slippers we had. He was putting his hands inside to feel the fluff and admiring the colours and designs when all of a sudden his dad came out with ‘son please hurry up I really really need to pee here!’

Of course at that point I turned and noticed he was bent forward on the stool with his hand resting at the top of his leg.

The boy either never heard or wasn’t caring as he carried on looking at the slippers and asked his dad if mum would maybe like shiny shoes too.

At this the dad sounded even more frustrated ‘son, I have to pee so bad. I need to find somewhere to go before I wet myself. We need to go NOW’

He was so uncomfortable looking and his face showed he meant exactly what he said.

I wanted to keep the child longer but I was also worried about the mess that could be about to happen on the stool and floor so I went over to the child and suggested he could maybe come back later once his dad had been to the toilet. I took the child by the hand and lead him back to his dad. The man looked at me right in the eye and whispered ‘thank you’ which sent shivers right through me.

As they left I whispered back ‘I hope you make it’ though in truth I know the chances of that were actually very slim indeed.

*002*2018-09-12 22:04

{{11 minutes ago, slogan66 said:

Great story, about 30 years ago, when I was about 17 I had a Saturday job in a shop that sold lots of different things, and I was there as the shop had stated selling computers and games and I knew a bit about them when at the time most people didn't have a clue what they did. It was usually me and the owner who was probably late thirties and occasionally his mother who was probably late 50's (I'll call her Rita). The shop was downstairs and upstairs there was a small kitchen and 1 toilet, but most of the stock was upstairs so there wasn't a lot of room.

One Saturday, the owner was ill so it was only his Mother and I, and as it was fairly quiet, I was usually dispatched upstairs to make the huge mugs of tea we drank to keep us going. I usually went for a pee whilst the kettle was boiling as if we got busy you might have to wait an hour or so, and I was a little shy about being desperate despite finding it a turn on. Anyway time passed and about mid afternoon, Rita said she was going to make another cup, I offered to make it, as I could do with a pee but she insisted. I realised that she hadn't been upstairs all day, so at least 6 hours without peeing and I had had at least two long copious pees. As she gathered the cups a few people came into the shop so she put the cups down and we started to help the customers.

By now I was getting aroused at the thought of her being desperate, she had a long tan coloured skirt and thick black tights, and I couldn't tell if the bulge at the top of her skirt was her stomach or bladder. We continued to have a stream of customers with no opportunity to nip upstairs and about 4:00 I was getting pretty desperate, the cumulative affect of the mugs of tea was making my bladder feel full, I couldn't imagine how desperately full her bladder must be. She was definitely showing signs of fidgeting around but I think she was a little to prim and proper to hold herself or making it known.

Shortly after I finished serving my customer but Rita was still helping a couple and had to get something of a low shelf, so she squatted down, when she got back up she was now standing with her hands in front of her crotch, so I wondered if she had leaked a little. I couldn't see anything but by now I had a very stiff penis in my jeans along with my very full bladder. She had to squeeze past me to get to the till and I was really embarrassed in case she noticed my erection.

We then had a few more customers, and by now it was approaching 5:00, we normally shut at 5:30, and as she helped another customer she whispered to me I think we'll shut up shop a little early today can you go and put the closed sign on to stop anyone else coming in. I did so and eventually the last customer left. She then said can you lock up as I really need the bathroom and I admitted to her that I really need to go too (I think this was the first time I had ever admitted to anyone that I was desperate for a pee).

She said please lock up and I'll go up first, and was already walking pigeon toed towards the back of the shop, I locked up as quick as I could and pretty much ran up the stairs to catch her, with no idea what was going to happen. She was just approaching the toilet door as I reached the top of the stairs and had already started to pull her skirt up, I asked her to hurry as I was really desperate, and she promised to be as quick as she could. She went in and shut the door, I could hear the rustle of clothing, then the sound of her sitting down, then silence for a few seconds. I wondered if she was pee shy like me, but then I could hear a trickle of her urine hitting the water.

The toilet was an old victorian type and was almost impossible to pee quietly, so I could hear quiet clearly as the trickle got stronger and louder and I guessed she was now in full flow. It when on and on and I was getting stiffer and stiffer, I'm guessing she must have peed for over a minute, then it stopped suddenly and a few seconds started again and was even louder, this second more powerful stream lasted about 30 seconds or so. I then heard her pull up her clothes and she opened the door.

I was standing with my hands in front of my crotch to try and hide my erection and also as I was bursting for a pee, she apologized for making me wait and said she hadn't flushed or washed her hands to save time as she knew I was desperate.

I quickly went in and shut the door, as I stood in front of the toilet and unzipped, I looked down and saw her pee in the toilet and also there was no toilet paper down there so she must have just pulled up her knickers and tights. The thought of her with damp pee knickers didn't help my erection, but I managed to get it soft enough to point down and with some concentration managed to start a little stream, which slowly got more powerful, but nowhere near her effort.

I then noticed there was some liquid on the floor and I guessed she must have leaked, this unfortunately sent me over the edge and my pee flow stopped as my erection grew. By now I had been in the toilet a few minutes and I was embarrassed to be taking so long, so despite a still full bladder I zipped up pulled my jumper down to hide my erection, flushed the toilet and washed my hands.

She was waiting downstairs sorting out the till and apologized again, and said she need to finish off upstairs. I offered to finish locking up so she could go and clean up. She was gone for about 10 minutes whilst I tidyed up. When she came downstairs she gave my my wages and a little extra as an apology and said could we keep it a secret. I of course agreed, I still was desperate as I probably hadn't emptied even a quarter of my bladder but I was too shy to admit I need to go again, so I had a uncomfortable 30 minute walk home.

I was re-living the whole experience as I walked, wishing I'd seen her wet herself or me wetting myself, when I got home I had the house to myself as every else was away for the weekend, normally I would have emptied my bladder before masturbating, but I was so turned on I went into my bedroom, got out my hidden porn mag and had my first orgasm with a desperate bladder. The relief of the pee afterwards was amazing and this was probably the start of my desperation and sex fetish.

I've got a couple of other incidents in the shop (1 with a desperate customer, and 1 where I was seriously desperate when I went to a customers house to help her with her computer that had developed problems), which I can write if people find this interesting.

}}

Yes please! I loved that and would love to hear the other stories too. Thanks!

