Beach wetting

Author: d418

*000*2016-02-12 18:50

This is something that happened to me in Barbados, over 10 years ago.

I was there on a cruise, and during our stopover I went to Malibu Beach. I took plenty of water with me, and was drinking it frequently, to keep well-hydrated. Of course, the inevitable happened and I soon began to need to pee.

Now, when I’m on a beach, I love nothing more than going into the sea to pee. However, I often find that the movement of the waves, and the necessity of shifting my balance constantly, stops me from relaxing enough to let loose. Malibu is particularly difficult, because the waves are quite big (at least, they were on the day I was there) and the beach slopes very steeply into the sea, so that you’re very soon in deep water. That means you have to pay close attention to what’s happening, and where the waves are carrying you, to avoid suddenly being out of your depth and some distance from the beach.

So my first attempt to go into the water to relieve myself was unsuccessful. I couldn’t find a spot which gave me enough depth of water to cover what I was doing without forcing me to begin treading water (which would have completely stopped me from being able to go).

Once I realised this, I decided that I needed to wait until I was much more desperate before going in the sea. So I went for a long walk, first one way along the beach, then back the other way, for quite some distance.

Presently, my bladder was really full. I was wearing just a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, and if I’d been alone, with no one else on the beach, I would definitely have been tempted to let loose in my shorts without waiting to get in the sea. But although I was on a much quieter stretch of beach than where I’d originally been, it wasn’t completely empty. If I had peed, someone might have seen what I was doing, or else would have noticed my wet shorts as I then headed for the sea.

Just there, the sea was slightly calmer and I decided that, now that my need was really urgent, I probably would be able to pee while standing waist-deep in the water.

I walked down the beach to the sea, and waded in.

It was the best pee I’ve ever had in the sea! There was no one else in the sea near me, and just a few people high up on the beach behind me. I felt so safe from accidental discovery that I actually started wetting in my shorts just before the water had reached them. Then I was fully in the water and wetting, wetting, wetting! Oh, such a fantastic feeling! It was such a good piss that I started to get turned on. By the time I was finished, I had a full-on erection complete with that kind of burning sensation that you get when you need to ejaculate.

Looking around me, I confirmed that there was no one near me in the water, and no one close enough to the water’s edge to see anything. By now I was chest-deep in the water, in any case. So, with nothing to constrain me, and still feeling really turned on from peeing, I put my hand on the front of my shorts, took hold of my prick, gave it a few strokes, and came in my shorts. That, too, was one of the best orgasms I’ve ever had.

After I’d come, I pulled my shorts down enough for the action of the waves to wash the semen out, then pulled them back up and left the sea.

No one else would have had any idea what I was doing. I’m certain that none of the people up the beach paid me any attention.

