First Time in Years

Author: anon789

*000*2016-01-07 14:17

Hey all! This also the first time I've recounted such an experience whatsoever, so please pay little heed to my writing style for this, it'll improve I hope. :)

Yesterday, I finally found the time to try out one of those holding challenges. Usually doing things like this would be impossible since I have two housemates and a job (part-time, granted) and stuff. And a cat that likes to stare. Stupid cat...but it's okay, cuz she's a cute cat.

Anyway, I began with a full glass of water and started watching some omo videos. Nothing much, even without having gone pee upon getting out of bed. About 45 minutes to an hour into it I started to feel the need, especially with all those jumping jacks the challenge was making me do. Within the following hour, I had about a total of 3 more full glasses of water.

A half hour after the final glass, the urge really hit me hard. It suddenly became difficult to bend over without hurting my bladder, even after unbuttoning my jeans. But I would not give up (despite knowing I probably shouldn't go too far in torturing my bladder/kidneys)! A waited about another 30 minutes, during which, for the first time in many years, I actually had to hold myself to avoid leaking.

Alas, the challenge wanted me to do 20 more jumping jacks. Grudgingly, I stood up, shivering, feeling my bladder drop with ~6-7 lbs of water. I jumped about 10 times and leaked a small amount, stopping to hold myself for 10 seconds. I continued the last 10 without another leak.

Another 20 minutes into it, I thought I wouldn't make it if I didn't get to the bathroom immediately, and I didn't want to get anything in the den wet. So I got up slowly and began walking towards the bathroom. Halfway there, the pressure became so great that I didn't think it was wise to hold it all in, so I let a few spurts out. At least I thought I did. Ended up leaking much more than I would've liked in the kitchen, down to my inner thigh, but at least I didn't get the floor wet.

Making to the bathroom, I got in the tub, sat down, and let it go. It didn't go all at once though. I think my body, being trained to go to the bathroom without clothes on, was trying to hold back, and so I leaked through my jeans slowly until the end. It was one the most pleasant feelings I've felt.

Then the standard clean-up. Showered with clothes, then washed them and dried them as quickly as possible (with the large batch of dirty clothes, good timing).

I think I'll be doing this again as soon as I can, especially since I think it will be much, much more difficult when I get a full-time job. :\

I hope you all liked it! Feel free to ask questions. I'm a bit bashful, so I'll try to answer them as best as I can.

*002*2016-01-07 23:00

My roommate's cat is a huge attention-seeker. Sometimes even jumps onto my lap *without* my encouragement, which isn't something any of the 4 cats I once lived with simultaneously would ever do. In any case, given freedom at the house, I can always just shut the door :P Oh, and she also likes the bathroom. She'll get in the tub to drink any remaining water.

