Oops, Road Construction

Author: Lotus

*000*2017-10-21 01:11

So I had a nifty weekend, and I figure I would share with the world of Omo.

After some life changes and bologna like that, I now live with my sister, Brother-in-Law, two nephews and a Niece. Saturdays event revolved around my Niece sister and I. Now, my sister isnt married to my nieces dad, but she has majority custody. Whatever, its all complicated, but since the kid is such a charm, I like to take my sister and pick her up from the exchange point about 45 minutes away. No big deal. As far as names go, Im not going to use Pronouns, so be prepaired for a ton of regular nouns.

Im a coffee drinker and I have Overactive Bladder. Im not going to not drink coffee, im just going to plan around for restroom breaks. My sister is absolutly normal, so whatever then, and My niece is nine, almost ten. Sis and I hopped into my nifty honda, ol' Reliable, stopped about five minutes away from home for gas, pop for the road for the three of us and snacks. (Pocky) Then we were off. Now, before we left, about five or so, I don't recall having to use the bathroom anywhere, so I didnt. 

I just sipped my Drink as usuall and enjoyed a Babby-Daddy hating conversation as we Meandered down the Highway. Since the Opposite direction highway was behind trees I didnt recognise my doom beforehand, and usually about 30 mins is about what I can hold desperate. La-ti-Da, and 45 minutes later were at the pick up point. Some dumpy gas station for whatever reason. We don't have long to wait as Baby-Daddy pulls in, and basically tosses his kid out of his car and vrooms away. Hugs and kisses all around, and we all hop into my car excited to get home. We didnt think about using the bathrooms as its not usually an Issue unless i have a bad day. Niece is usually pretty good about it too, so we just zoomed off.

Just so you have an Idea, were basically a cookie cutter family. Blond hair for us except me, blue eyes, Hoodies because its chilly, and Jeans because.... well pants. Were not ugly, but I wont go as far as to say were pretty. But all three of us are Cute. Yes even Mr. Me.

So im cruzing down the freeway thinking, crap, I drank all my pop, I have to pee. So I check my exits and Im about ten minutes away from the rest area. So I say to the car, "Anyone need to pee? Cuz Uncle here has to go!" Niece chuckles and says she also needs to go as she didnt go during the ride with her father, which is about the same as the trip back to our place, so about 45 minutes. So I get ready to meet the exit in about eight miles when from around the bend.... Completely stopped traffic. Well shit. Sis looks way ahead and groans. "Road Construction. Typical." Which is when I see the glowing traffic sign that reads "Expect delays". Crap. So I pull up behind this Volvo and just idle on the break. For about ten minutes. Traffic isnt moving. 

The construction crew is trying to position a crane to bring in the new overpass gurders or whatever and they cant let cars go because its in the way... and its apparantly stuck. Ten minutes sucked because i went from that pressing urge to pushing on my lap to try to fight the urges. Whatever I drank hit fast because it was a countdown from there. So another ten minutes and i hear from the back seat, "Mom, when are we going to move? I Have to pee now!" We couldnt come up with a reasonable explaination really, so we just said I dont know. As little kids are want to do, she started to make noises about needing to go. To be fair though, so Did I. I looked back in the rear mirror to see her holding on for dear life just like me and felt pretty bad for her.

Five minutes later we hear, "Mommy, I can't hold it much longer!" Hold on is all we could say. Well all my sister could say, because i was dying in the drivers seat. "I can't last much longer Kiddo" I tell her. We finally inch forward about three cars and stop again. Then I leaked, a good one too. Enough to make my hand wet where I was trying to block the river. So I curse out loud because I have no filter. Sis trys to cheerlead us into holding on, but the backseater chokes back on sob and says, "I'm sorry Uncle" I look back in the mirror to see her jeans with a small lake on them and little waterfalls running down the sides.

"Its ok," I say back, "Cuz its game over here too." And that was about it. My endurance ran its course..... Just as cars started to move again. Once I started to go, it was the end, bam, everything just kinda made its way out. Positioned as we were with my sporty lay back seats, the backs of our pants were drenched, little puddles remained in our seats when we finally got home about twenty mintues later. Since my sister texted her husband ahead of us, none of the other kids were home when our peed pants selves came back.

Also we went for Ice cream.

