Leaking on the way

Author: boywetter

*000*2020-11-13 00:30

Walking down the street, it was nice knowing I had on a diaper and didn't have to worry about finding a bathroom right away. After a while my bladder started to feel full, which was surprising because it wasn't part of the plan to happen yet. (Maybe that last drink of water wasn't such a good idea.) I tried to hold it in but a little leaked out, and since I still felt dry I didn't worry.

A few blocks more and I had another urge to go again. Tried to hold it but some got out. Still OK, but hoped it wouldn't take too long to get there.

10 minutes later I really needed to go but there wasn't anyplace that looked like it had a bathroom, and this time even more leaked. I started to worry because my diaper was getting really wet, and I wasn't sure how long it would last. However, this last time I'd also started enjoying the wetness and it felt pretty good, so thought I'd see what happened.

Another block and I couldn't hold it any more so stood still for a few seconds to pee again. By this time my diaper was starting to get kind of heavy, so I knew this couldn't last. I really appreciated having external genitals because with my diaper getting full the pee running down over them was really getting me excited.

Getting worse - around the corner I needed to go again. My diaper was pretty sodden, and I wasn't sure what would happen, but by now I just wanted the feeling of pissing myself. It came out and i really liked it, but I could also feel the inside of my pants starting to get wet.

Don't know why, but 5 minutes later I needed to pee AGAIN. Fortunately it was getting dark and thought that other people wouldn't notice what was going on, but by now I didn't really care. I just wanted wet myself so I could feel the stream against my balls. My diaper was conpletely soaked, and I could feel the pee running down the inside of my thighs. I suspect that by now there was more than pee in my diapers, probably some pre-cum as well because I was so horny.

Finally got there, she told me to go in the bathroom and change. I put my wet diaper in a bag, took a shower (and finished peeing) and got dressed.

For weeks afterwards I went to sleep thinking of how it felt to wet myself in an already soaked diaper!

