Second time lucky

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-09-26 18:32

Hey guys <3 Picture the scene; Cold Saturday evening, hungover, lots of cola and water, what better to do than a long hold and the eventual soaking?

Well that was my plan. However as anybody who saw my posts in the live action thread they would know that i unfortunately had to abort. However it takes more than one failed attempt to stop me, so a couple of hours after the initial failed attempt i refilled my bladder with cola and water and began playing video games again.

It didn't take long for my bladder to fill up to the point of it being uncomfortable and before i knew it i was squirming and tapping my feet like crazy. I was in a party on my ps4 playing with some friends and i felt really turned on and naughty as i was desperately trying to hide the increasing panic and desperation in my voice. I don't think any of them noticed, nobody said anything at least though i kinda like the idea that they did notice... As we marched on through seemingly endless streams of enemies i released a stream of my own. It was completely out of my control and though its wasn't the biggest leak ever it did soak straight through my undies (which already had a small wet spot which i may or may not have deliberately leaked earlier)

Despite this small temporary loss of control i quickly regained my composure and carried on killing enemies with my friends. Though at this particular moment i was incredibly turned on and was increasingly wanting to open the floodgates. I resisted the urge and carried on playing.

By now the desperation in my voice must have been perceptible because every now and then i would feel my bladder push and i had to stop myself from moaning and wetting myself at the same time. Intermittently i would grab my crotch partly to try and stem my desperation and partly to feel the wetness on my undies that i had unwittingly created. I was very turned on now and no longer wanted to hold.

I made my departure from the party and quickly ran to grab a towel which i placed on the floor of my living room. The effort of standing up obviously put my bladder under strain as i spurted again. At no point on the run for a towel did my hand leave my crotch, i wanted to feel the wetness, i wanted to flood my undies and pajama bottoms right there but i didn't and instead seated myself on the towel in the center of my living room.

The front of my black pj shorts were wet and my grey almost silky undies were cold and damp. I sat myself on the towel and grabbed my laptop and found myself some material that matched my situation and opened the floodgates.

My pee streamed straight through my undies and shorts wetting my hand which was gently rubbing my crotch. I peed slowly so the sensation would last longer and that way i could really enjoy the feel of pee streaming through my fingers. I could feel my warm pee puddling at my bum and the feeling for me was incredible. I kept streaming absolutely soaking my clothes and towel. The feeling of pee trickling through my fingers was intense to say the least and it wasn't long before i was lost in pure bliss. My girlfriend actually found my soaked clothes and towel in the washing basket later in the evening.. But that's a story for another day.

There we go guys.. I hope you enjoyed. Sorry if it seems a bit rushed but i am on a tight schedule. Thanks for reading <3

