Wetting for the first time on purpose during Live Action

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-03-25 09:57

Yeah guys! I did it. Even though i said before that i still live with my parents, well they were SLEEPING when this happened.

What happened actually?

It was around 19:10, when i started drinking almost half of bottle of water(which has 0,5 l) and I was waiting for another drinking for almost 50 minutes. I drank all the water and I went to the kitchen to refill another 0,5 l bottle and around 20:10 I drank another half of it. After 15 minutes I started to feel something in my bladder, on a scale of 3/10.

I decided to change my pants with another pair of trackpants. Since there is a Live Omorashi, i decided to share my desperation with anyone lived on that topic. Then i had another idea: "playing" a little game of holding. This time the scale increased to 8 or 9/10. While holding for 30 minutes(it was 21:15 i guess), i asked for permission(because that was my point of the game:holding and receiving permission for pee). And to my surprise someone said "not yet". It looked liked i was unlucky, i stayed sitting on my chair fidgeting and squirming like crazy and breathing deeply. I tried to hold my crotch with my both hands for 10 minutes. After that, i asked one more time for permission and again the answer was still "no" and that means "you don't go anywhere" please remain seated. I got up and i walked around the room and started to cross my legs and lay on my bed till i sit down on the floor breathing very deeply and squirming like my bladder was going to explode.

For the remaining time, I stayed fidgeting in my chair until i can get permission but i was unlucky again. Their answers were still: no, not yet, why we should let you go pee etc. So i gave up asking and i considered myself losing the game. I stayed for another 5 minutes until the clock shows: 22:20.

So i went to the bathroom, sitting on the toilet with my pants still on so i just let it go. It was a very good relief. I could feel that my pee was so warm and also vapors were coming out. Yes, i said vapors. Then i suddenly stopped peeing and get up into the tub and this time my pee was going down my legs. It felt soooooooooo good. After finishig, i decided to take a shower and wash my pants and also my underwear with soapy water. Oh i forgot that i felt i still have urine left inside my bladder after i took shower. As i said in my earlier topics, I like to be denied to use the toilet only if I'm in a good place.

Here are the pictures after the ''accident'':

*003*2018-03-25 12:10

Thank you

*005*2018-03-27 19:37

I forgot to mention that the wet spot is only on the back side of my pants!

