Bladder Privileges Sequel

Author: nerdy princess

*000*2020-01-21 05:39

This past Sunday, my friend that I talk with on kik told me to hold my bladder. It was about 2PM. Of course, I had to agree.

He starts off by telling me to drink a glass of water. Then, about a half an hour goes by, and he says to drink another glass of water. Around 3PM, my mom calls me and asks if I wanted to go see a movie with her. The movie started at 6:45PM. I agreed to go. I informed my play partner, and said that I didn't want to pee myself at the movies. So, he says that I'll either need to fill up quicker before the movie, or I'll have to make it until after the movie is over. He ordered me to drink some more water. By this point I can start to feel the pressure start to build.

With me, I go from nothing to desperate in a pretty short amount of time. Around 4:30 I really have to pee, and I beg him to let me go. He was nice enough to let me go, but he said that I had to continue to fill up on the ride and during the movie.

We left for the movie around 5. We also picked up my brother, and then we then stopped at a gas station for snacks. I got a 32oz of root beer for the ride. It was about and hour ride, and half way through, I'm starting to get desperate again. I told my friend, and he encouraged me to hold on. I'm trying not to show how badly I needed to pee because my family was around. Thank gosh it was dark, because I had my back arched and legs squeezed together in desperation. I get tingles that go up my spine. I really have to pee. We are still about 20 minutes away when the first leak escaped me.

I'm wearing a pair of my favorite thick black leggings. I definitely planned that on purpose. I could feel the fabric of my leggings get warm and wet. I gave in, and had to put my hand between my legs, otherwise I would not have been able to make it. I had to pee so bad. My friend kept trying to give me tips on how to hold it, but I was too embarrassed to do it with my family around. I involuntarily let another leak go. I can feel it spreading through my pants. I inevitably start shaking my legs too.

Eventually we make it to the movie theater, get our tickets, and head straight for the bathroom. I was relieved until I saw a line. A line for the bathroom. In a theater. On a Sunday. I was so desperate to go. There were about 6 people in front of me. I was standing with my legs crossed, but I could feel my bladder starting to cave. A couple more leaks escaped, and then it turned into a slow trickle. I was peeing my pants in a theater. Exactly why I wore black leggings. It started running down my legs. I was squeezing as hard as I could. I finally was at the front of the line. As soon as the next stall became available, I made a mad dash. My bladder gave up. I started completely losing it. I hurried to lock the stall door, and tried to get my coat and bag hung up. I'm still peeing, as I'm pulling down my pants. Then, I finally got to actually sit down and pee.

Thank gosh for black leggings.

I got my revenge on him.

*004*2020-01-21 13:43

{{6 hours ago, GoldenG8 said:

Thank gosh indeed! I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed reading about it. Did you get desperate and/or let any more go during the movie?

}}

I did end up getting desperate again. I leaked once or twice, but it wasn't too bad.

What do you think was the revenge?

*007*2020-01-21 23:00

{{1 hour ago, wetskipants said:

Did you control his bladder in return and make him have an accident in something less concealing than black leggings???

}}

Yes, lol. I told him before I even left for the movies to fill up, and he couldn't go until I got home.

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

I loved this arousing story. How much pee was there left for the toilet vs what you leaked into your pants ?

}}

Still quite a lot, lol

{{2 hours ago, wettingman said:

I loved this arousing story. How much pee was there left for the toilet vs what you leaked into your pants ?

}}

Still quite a lot, lol

*009*2020-01-22 13:56

{{2 hours ago, wetskipants said:

... and what happened? Did he lose control? Or did he manage to hold on?

}}

He lost it

*012*2020-01-22 13:58

{{Just now, wetskipants said:

... and there's the revenge!

}}

Yes sir

{{Just now, nc_dude said:

Cool! Bet you loved making a guy lose control! Sounds hot.

}}

It was great

