My environmentalist accident

Author: notthewees

*000*2021-11-21 04:08

[Note: I am a trans man but tagged this as female because I was living as a woman at the time of the incident]

A few years ago, I went on a community litter cleanup near a stagnant creek with over a dozen other people.

It was a cloudy, chilly day in late fall. Being hot-natured, I was only wearing a tie-dye T-shirt and elastic-waist jeans - the kind that are uncool in every era - with rainbow embroidery on the cuffs.

The organizer plied me with water, and I badly needed to pee within two hours of starting. I winced from the pressure on my bladder every time I bent over. I didn't want to ask for help, because I knew that I would have to be driven to a fast food restaurant and it would be a huge production. I looked around for a place where I could pull down my pants and have a fast, hissing, foamy wee on the ground, but I simply couldn't get far enough away from the others.

Although the creek wasn't running well enough to bother me, clambering over rocks and roots to get at beer cans and plastic bags was torture on my poor bladder. Ohh, I had to go! I regretted wearing inadequate clothes for the weather, because the chill heightened all the sensations of wanting to pee. I was covertly squeezing myself between the legs through the thin fabric of my jeans. I wasn't wearing any panties, so I knew that even a small leak would be visible.

After two and a half hours, I felt a hot spurt of pee jet out of me as I leaned over to grasp a branch. I squeezed my thighs together, but another followed. I could see a small dark stain under my crotch. Barely regaining control, I should have been upset, but I was overwhelmed by the exquisite momentary taste of relief - my bladder hurt and my body was begging me to keep peeing. So I parted my legs and did.

Ohhhhhh. I couldn't deny the animal pleasure I felt as I wet myself. It came out in warm pulses and there was so much of it; my lack of underwear meant that it poured right down my inner thighs without pooling anywhere.

I didn't feel embarrassment until it was over. I wanted to fake a fall and throw myself into contaminated water just to hide the evidence, but I chickened out. Pretty much everyone saw. The rapid shift from hot to cold in my wet pants was unpleasant, too. A nice lady ended up driving me home without commenting on what had happened; she was the real MVP.

