Valeri's miscellanies Adventures

Author: Valeri night

*000*2018-08-28 01:23

Ah I'm a dingus, I may have posted this in the wrong spot... This was supposed to be in the wetting experiences but I posted it here on accident. Oops if someone could move this for me I would be super grateful ^_^

Okay so this is going to be all about some of the recent public things that I’ve done in the recent weeks that I haven’t been online for. (public adventures, accidental wettings, just plan desperation ect.) The stories are not going to be as detailed or as long as my normal ones but I’ll be putting future experiences as well the current ones that I am about to post. I'm sure you get the gist of it So without further wait here you are.

Okay so the first story That I have to share happened about two weeks ago, recently the washer in our apartment kicked the bucket so we’ve been forced to use a public laundromat in the meantime. To be completely honest I was a little scared to use the laundromat at first because it can be a little sketchy but I’ve gone a couple times now and It's not as bad as I thought it would be.

There is the occasional foreign family who stares at me the entire time that I’m doing laundry speaking a language that I can not understand and then there are those people similar to me who don’t talk much do there laundry and leave. (my favorite type of people.) I’ve only ran into two people who have made me a little uncomfortable while I'm there, one of them being a homeless guy who slept inside and had the lights off (Spooky I know but I survived)

But basicly long story short I’ve worked up the courage to go alone, and when I do go alone I try to make a game out of it. Normally I end up wearing thin clothes that are more comfort based and slightly revealing at times that I wouldn’t normally wear in public. (but it’s dark and rarely are there lots of people there so why not right?)

On this particular night I decided that I would wear no bra no panties just some lovely black baggy sweatpants with a gymnastic logo on it (that’s right I haven’t done that in years!) and a slightly loose but not super cleavage revealing light blue top. Also just to make the visit a little more inventful I made sure to drink an entire bottle of water to add onto the amount that was already in my bladder from about an hour prior. So at that point I had about two and a half water bottles worth of liquid in me and it had been about two hours from the last time I had went pee. Thinking back on it I would say I was about at a fiveish maybe as I left my home.

I remember pulling up to the night time laundromat around eleven PM or so, not super duper late but late enough that there wouldn’t be many people.

Pulling into the parking lot I noticed for the time being I was alone with the machines, which is good that Is what I prefer to be honest.

Plugging my headphones in I went to work dancing to the music as I put my clothes into the washer along with the beat. Once I finished putting my clothes into the washer I went ahead and put the soap in and turned the machine on.

Nooooow I wait, taking a seat I go on my phone and wait the thirty some minutes that the machine requires. If I remember correctly it was about ten minutes into the wash cycle that my desperation started showing, I started doing a very subtle foot tap while I screwed around on my phone. I could feel my desperation rising at a pretty fast pace but I didn’t really think about it at that time.

I remember watching the washer finish up watching all the water splish splash round and round in the machine, making my bladder churn in response.

Grabbing my damp clothes out of the washer I put them into a cart and push them over to the dryer. Throwing all my clothes into the dryer I go to turn it on but forget about the bounce pads (gotta have the bounce pads!) so I rush back out to my car just in time to see another car pulling up. I quickly rummage through my car to grab my bounce pads and then rush back inside to put them into the machine.

Turning it on I look over to see a middle age women enter the laundromat thing. At that point I was doing a little dance but nothing too obvious to anyone who wasn’t paying close attention.

If I remember right she was wearing kinda raggedy clothes (basic washing clothes I’m sure) and was pretty average looking all around.

I silently watch her while my machine does its thing, I see her putting two baskets worth of clothes into the washers and put her money into them. Looking back toward my dryer I notice that it still has about forty five minutes to go. Sighing I look back toward my phone and cross both my legs and bounce them up and down.

I mess around a little bit on my phone till I get bored then I look back toward the other lady in the laundromat. Looking up at her we make an awkward eye contact and I instantly look away.

About twenty minutes go by and I’m forced to leave one of my hands in my crotch in order to sit still, getting a little flustered from my rising desperation and lack of undergarments I look back up to see what the other lady is doing.

I watch her take her clothes out of the washer and bring them over to me. For some reason she uses a machine pretty close to mine, which brings us pretty close. Close enough for me to smell her perfume that she was wearing.(it wasn’t to bad may I add)

I keep my distance while she puts her clothes into the dryer until she asks me a question.

“Hey there, do you by chance have fifty cents on you?”

Startled I stumble over my words “Uuuh y-yeah I got some.” Pulling out some change I handed it to her and she went back to her machine. I look back from my machine to my phone in hopes to past the time, but my desperation starts to rise and I feel myself leaning forward crunching my bladder in the process. Looking over to my left I see a mingy bathroom sign on a metal door.

I think for a second about attempting to use it but I shake my head and tell myself to hold it in. It’s only twenty minutes you can do it I tell myself, it’s not like you’re going to wet yourself anytime soon.

I feel myself start to bounce up and down in my seat and I kinda want to hold myself but I know the lady in the room is throwing glances towards me every once and awhile, so she would see me and it would give it away if I did hold myself.

Standing up for a moment I check my machine and notice that there is only twelve minutes left, I do a cute little butt wiggle while I’m standing up and I look back at the bathroom once more.

“Um pardon me, but if you wanted to use that I think it's locked at night.”

Blushing I look away from the bathroom quickly and throw out an excuse “Oh I was just daydreaming and was wondering what it was.” (not the best excuse but its all I had.) The lady just smiled in response and nodded her head.

Another Five or so minutes later and my clothes are pretty much done, so I get ready to take them out and stand up. I notice the lady watching me out of the corner of my eye so I give her a little show while I’m waiting for my clothes to finish.

Pretending not to notice her watching me I do a subtil pee dance by crossing my legs and bending over slightly, then I let one of my hands slip towards my crotch for that added effect. I can feel her eyes on me the entire time I dance like that till my machine finishes up.

Although I put a little extra desperation in my dance than I was really feeling I could tell that my bladder was filling up quite rapidly and If I wasn’t careful I would reach my limit within the hour. So of course as I take my clothes out of the dryer I had to fold them at the laundromat and not at home. I figured as long as I didn’t take a long time folding clothes that I would be able to have a good time and still make it home dry.

By this time I must have peaked the women’s interest in myself because every once and a while I could see her sneak a look over towards me. Now I’m not sure what possessed me to do this but once I took all my clothes out of the dryer and I started folding my clothes I made sure to face my body completely away from her, so at this point I had no idea if she was watching my every move or not. (which made it all the more exciting for me)

Doing as I do when I fold clothes I start out by sorting my clothing into piles then doing it step by step, this entire time I do a little side step movement to help control my rising need. Of course I don’t do anything that would give away my desperation right away, since I wanted to drag it out as long as I could without showing my true need.

It took me about... I don’t know ten? Fifteen minutes? To sort out all of my clothing into their respective piles and start folding I started with my lingerie worked my way into my night clothes, skirts, pants, ect, and I was slowly finishing up without really getting to being super desperate.

That's when it hit me, all of a sudden a huge wave of pressure popped up out of nowhere and forced me to cross and clench my legs together. Catching me off guard I let out a teeny tiny gasp, and let me tell you even though I couldn't see the lady behind me I could swear that she was looking at me then.

Regaining my composition I get back to work with a slight blush on my face. I really wanted to see if she was watching me though so I put on a little operation, operation panty dropper if you would. Putting my plan into action I “Accidentally” knock over a pair of my Sexy panties onto the floor (I know a devastating sacrifice indeed) but by doing this I had an excuse to bend over and take a look behind me.

I go ahead and say out loud “oops” in the most honest and pure way I can, and I turn my body a little bit while I bend down to look over at her. Picking up my underwear I make eye contact with her and she looks away probably embarrassed. Extremely satisfied with myself I go back to my clothes and start putting my shirts on hangers and such. I take a look towards the bathroom and I feel a pang from my bladder and I think about just checking to see if the bathroom is open, just in case. Walking over to the door I try the knob and just as the lady mentioned the door was locked.

“It’s locked right?” the lady asked me.

“Ah yeah it is, just checking you know” I laughed uncomfortably shifting my legs back and forth. That's when she started asking me questions.

“Do you live around here?”

I'm a little awkward with life so I say back “what, oh yes I'm closeish.”

The lady just laughs “well that's good you should be able to use your bathroom at home then right?”

I respond with a nervous chuckle “yup just gotta finish up here first.” Looking over the table I had only a few shirts to hang up still, and my socks to take care of.

“Do you have to go pretty bad?”

“Yeah kinda” I emphasize it by crossing my legs and bouncing up and down in front of her”

“You will be able to make it right?” She asks.

“Yeah of course” I quickly say back.

With that she went back to her clothes and I went to mine. I spent the next fifteen minutes or so taking my time and finishing up with my laundry, the bulk of the time I was doing a lil pee dance so i'd be able to use both of my hands.

Once I finished up I gathered up as much of my folded clothes as I could into my laundry basket and went to put it into my car. At this point my desperation was pretty high and I was doing some very noticeable movements that gave away my predicament. I practically threw my basket into my car, and rushed back towards the rest of my clothes inside. Gathering those up I slowly hobbled back outside using as much mental power as I could to prevent myself from having an accident of any kind. With a bunch of clothes in my arms I sprint to my car and throw the rest of my clothes into my basket, moving to get into my car I feel a strong urge and I didn’t have any time to hold myself to prevent any leakage. Blushing I managed to stop the leak but from the wetness I felt I knew that I had let a decent amount out.

“Um here.” Looking up I see the lady from inside holding a sock of mine.

Feeling my face go hot in embarrassment I quickly grab the sock from her, Thanking her I try to hid the visible wet spot and move into my car.

In my car I hold myself and feel my entire body shake from excitement, calming down I turn my car on and start back towards my house the entire time using one hand to hold myself.

Making it home I don’t even bother to grab my laundry and just run up the stairs using both hands to hold my now warm and wet crotch.

Doing a super pee dance I struggle with my keys (didn’t drop them tho) and open the door, rushing inside I grab the door shut and lock it.

“Hey va-” my roomate tries to say to me.

“Not now gotta Pee!. I somewhat yell back sprinting to the bathroom, slamming the door shut I feel another leak coming and I let out a quiet moan of desperation.

Ripping my sweatpants off I drop down onto the toilet just as the flood waters release into the toilet.

“Ahhhhhhh” smiling I letting out a loud sigh. I sit there for a few minutes enjoy the relief and taking the moment to just relax. Taking off my clothes I turn on the shower and hop in to clean myself up, enjoying the warmth of the shower. ^_^

*002*2018-09-01 05:47

{{On 8/28/2018 at 9:28 AM, Keita123 said:

Ooh, I love this! Loved the way you gave a show to the lady! I wonder if she noticed your wet spot at the end!

}}

Who knows ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ honestly it was pretty dark so I doubt she would of seen anything

