Bad tearcher

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-06-09 18:44

Something just crossed my mind. I remember I had a teacher this was one cruel lady. She would never let anyone use the bathroom only if they had note from the doctor. She would say your not baby's anymore you can hold it. by the end of that year 70% of the class had accidents

. . i think she wanted me to have an accident

Because if shes in a good mood when some one asked to go to the bathroom she let them go but when I asked She said no you can hold it. She never let me to go to the bathroom. if someone would ask after i did she would sometimes let them go but never me. when class was over sometimes i would leave that class seconds away from wetting myself but somehow i made it. onetime i had to stay for lunch to finish something i was shaking my leg because i was getting restless and she came out of no ware and said you can go to the bathroom when your finished your work i said i dont even have to go.

When I finished my work lunch was over and i asked her can i go to the bathroom because I didn't get to go at lunch because i just grabbed my lunch and hurried back to the class. she still said no you have to wait until class is over, and that was in 3 hour. and hour after lunch i asked her a second time and she said if you ask again you'll have to stay after school when class was over what ever i drunk at lunch was trying to get out.

But when some girl asked she let her go. at the end of class I was just moments away from wetting myself but the bell ranged and i went to the bathroom. I swear she tried everything in the book to wet my pants but it never worked somehow I made it. I had to put up for a year with this teacher doing this to me. I don't know how I was lucky enough to make it threw that year with out wetting myself my bladder sucked then. good thing she got fired!

(true story)

*007*2017-06-15 08:52

{{On 6/11/2017 at 0:24 AM, MsFortune-Take said:

Sounds interesting, what grade did she teach?

}}

Going with 16 =]

