Testing - Poise Maximum Absorbency Long Pad

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2018-03-09 07:41

Well, this is another entry on my continuing testing of various incontinence (and other) pads. If you are interested in reading about my ‘experiments’ with other pads, do check out these:

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41935-testing-out-a-thick-tena-pad-or-with-pads-like-these-who-needs-diapers/?do=embed"

$iframe data-embed-src="$/41580-testing-pads-poise-thin-shape-pad-%E2%80%93-moderate-absorbency/?do=embed"

A little while ago I decided to test out one of my more heavy-duty pads, the Poise Maximum Absorbency Long Pad.

$$

I got this one in a sample pack a while back, and it’s been languishing in my mixed box of pads and panty-liners under my sink for a while now. As far as general pad design goes, the first thing you notice are the nice designs, which make the front obvious (something I like). Getting the front and back right in incontinence pads matters more than period pads. I mean overnight maxipads are something else, but they really do design the pads differently and I find the good ones have much quicker absorbing stuff in the ‘splash zone.’

$$

Anyhow, these pads are distinctly thick, but I noticed the lack of tall standing gathers. They still have little side gathers (?) but these are not all that tall and I got the impression sticking the pad into my panties, that they would not really do much in a fix.

$$

I slipped the pad into my heart panties, after wearing them all day, and then went about preparing dinner. As you can see, the pad it wider than my panties, which is a little annoying. Though this isn’t that much condemnation for the pad as these are girls size 14 panties.

$$

I went about my normal night routine and didn’t feel my bladder reaching the point of being overly full until after dinner while curled up on the couch watching TV with the hubby. The need wasn’t that urgent, so I waited a while, and I waited until the end of a show to stand up and excuse myself. And yes, we were binge watching, I’m not telling what.

$$

By the time the show ended, I was at about a 6 to a 7 on the old 10 point desperation scale. The point where I’d almost certainly excuse myself to use the loo in any situation where it was reasonable. If I was watching say the new Star Wars movie, I would certainly be able to hold it, but there’s no reason to put yourself through unnecessary suffering while hanging out at home, unless of course it’s for fun. Sitting on the couch, I was very aware of the pad, its thickness and bulk, filling my panties. Some pads are discreet and you quickly forget about them (unless they bunch or leak), but this was not one of those pads. It felt again, thicker than one of my night time Goodnites.

Anyhow, I went to the kitchen to fix a snack and then, while standing there at the counter, I just relaxed my bladder and flooded the pad. In past tests I’ve simulated a real leak by forcing myself to sneeze, but this was primarily to test pads designed to catch little stress leaks like this. These pads, with their beefy thickness, seem like the kind of pad that designed to take a huge leak, or even a medium-sized accident. So I wanted to really test them.

I could feel the pad soaking up my warm pee and worried for a moment that it might leak seriously under the liquid onslaught and get my PJ bottoms wet, but I didn’t bear down (not that I’m any good at stopping once things get started), I just stood there ‘normally’ soaking my pad and panties in the middle of the kitchen.

My entire girl area was soaked. My lips felt warm and tickled by the warm flow, and it was hard to tell if all the pee was getting trapped in the pad. I felt like my inner thighs were wet as well, but it was hard to tell. After about 30 seconds of good solid peeing, I bore down and stopped. I had about another 100 mls in me (or who can tell), but I was finally able to slow things down, and also thought I’d better, given how wet I felt.

I hurried into the washroom to check on the results.

$$

As you can see the pad soaked up all the pee, which is impressive! I did notice that ‘gathers’ on the left inner thigh had leaked. The ‘gather’ was wet, there was visible pee droplets all over it, and the inner edge of my panties was wet:

$$

Oh and I was dripping wet all over, I even dripped on the floor pulling my panties down. I don’t think this was a product of the pad, though it could have been, but rather just how my body was positioned while I peed. I suppose the thickness of the pad could have been a factor in pushing my labia about to make them get in the way more than normal, it’s hard to say.

$$

Anyhow, the leak was not the kind of leak that would come through onto your cloths, but it did get my panties wet, which is kind of the whole point of the pad.

$$

$$

However, in defence of the pad, it did soak up a ton of liquid:

$$

So the manufacturers were maybe not expecting an almost full bladder release in this pad. Given the paces I put it through, I bet it would do a find job catching a serious key-in-latch leak, and major stress related leak, or even a half-bladder-releasing kind of leak (in the right circumstances) without any leaks whatsoever. Given the lack of coverage in the back, or actually significant standing gathers, I feel like the pad is more designed for major stress leaks, those ‘whoops moments’ rather than bigger accidents, and certainly whoops moments when you are standing up. I feel like an accident sitting down might not have turned out so well for my panties or PJs.

$$

Anyhow, I’ve still got a mystery grab bag full of different pads, and I’ve ordered some new samples, so stay tuned for more tests if that’s what you are into.

All the best,

Rachel.

*005*2018-03-09 23:52

Thanks for the kind words, more to follow soon :)

