Fiancee wanted a challenge

Author: IHTPP

*000*2020-09-28 21:14

A few things about my boyfriend. He's only into omo due to my interest but it's become a fetish in its own for him, due to him liking to put on shows for me etc. Surprisingly, he has a HUGE bladder, and incredible bladder control. I've only seen him truly desperate ( aka not making up how bad he needs it) a couple of times. He told me about multiple times in middle and high school, once where he held it in nearly 30 hours because of a camping trip and being deathly afraid of peeing outside. His max i've seen him pee is 1600, but i don't think he was truly at his breaking point.

A couple of nights ago he told me to push him farther than he has even gone. I told him sure, but on this its to the absolute end, i told him he'd also be able to relieve himself in a measuring glass if he thought it was his record, no giving in though. He then told me he had never, or least that he could remember, peed himself or even leaked in his pants.

We went out to a bar so we could fill him up fast. He drank about 2 pints, 2 bottles of IPA and a water over the course of 2 hours. He is a big dude, about 380-390, and his jeans were a light gray. He tapped me on the should and whispered "WE might need to start heading home, the pressure is really bad." He told me. I told him to chug a glass of water and meet me at the car. He got in and immediately unbuckled his belt.

"Its gonna be a very powerful stream no matter what, I feel like i'm holding back a pressure hose. " He told me. He did have a powerful stream, doubling when he needed to go bad. I drove slower than normal and about 45 minutes later of urgent fidgeting and squeezing his legs together, we arrived. He was breathing so forcefully, visibly agitated and red faced.

"Ok i am so full, can i go?" He asked.

"Remember? No give in, so no." He looked super sad, and i told him we'd play smash bros to distract him. I grabbed the measuring cup and we sat down on the couch, he had stripped down to just his pants, his hairy belly swollen with how much liquid he was holding back, and he had completely removed his socks and belt. We sat down and he sat on the floor with his legs tucked under him, his bulge visible and his hand constantly glue to it. We played for a quite a bit before he dropped his control in absolutely urgency.

"I'm so full, oh my god please babe it needs to come out." He said. I knew he was holding back more than ever.

"Nope, keep on holding, you're a big boy you can do it." He winced.

"I gotta go pee... i gotta... pee!!!" He said with a little more aggression. He adjusted and quickly unzipped his jeans.

"Hold it back babe, you got this, lets play a couple more games. He agreed and we continued to play.

"Ok babe, you have to beat me in 3 games, as soon as you do you can go." I told him.

"Babe I can't concentrate at all! I'm going to explode!" He told me. I told him to keep holding and he agreed, now stripping down to his grey briefs, thats were a couple sizes too little. Something popped out regardless of how he positioned them in his undies. About 20 minutes passed and now he was dancing naked while playing smash brothers, his dick flopping, him jumping in place trying not to explode. Every now and then i'd see a small drop escape his pee hole and fall to the floor. "I... I can't, its coming!!!" He told me gripping himself.

"Keep on holding. You're a big boy who can hold his pee in!"

"No babe... please, its absolutely full beyond everything i've ever experienced, I can't... it's in my dick i... oh my... please hurry give me the cup!" He said with his dick in a death grip. I handed him the cup and he barely got it under in time, the stream was so powerful he almost dropped the cup. He moaned with so much relief, the piss splattering to the point it was getting on my knees and chest. He kept on going, he had to cut it off because he had passed one liter. I emptied it, and again right off again, so much pressure. It slowed to a trickle, but to my amazement, he had barely hit 2 liters before he was done. It was so hot.

