Bladder control and bed-wetting during sex

Author: JulesH

*000*2021-05-16 13:49

DISCLAIMER: we did NO DAMAGE TO PROPERTY and all care was taken to not cause any hassle to anyone (detailed explanations on the picture descriptions).

With all the COVID cases surging and the vaccination delays in Japan, I haven't been able to meet my friend as often as I'd like... but last time we met it was really special and I'll share it with you all.

She is into some light domination play (masochist). I'm not much of a sadist myself, but she knows I like omorashi, so she asked me if I'd like to control when she can use the toilet. She didn't even know that bladder control was a thing and came up with this idea all by herself .

It was a fun day. She wet the bed in "two parts" (the first at once, the second in multiple small and long spurts that lasted in total almost an hour!).

In the first part I made her hold and then pee sitting on the bed, but she had to stop mid stream when I said so. I loved seeing her struggling to regain control while feeling the relief of releasing some pressure. This time I let her finish it standing in the outside area.

In the second part, after drinking a lot of coffee and water, I had her hold to her limit. Then I refused to give her any instruction (pee-wise), asked her to lay down, covered her eyes with an eyemask, and simply started teasing her the ways I know that make her crazy. She was enjoying, but would get very worried whenever I used my mouth or had my face between her tights as she was afraid of loosing control. After some teasing, she started leaking without even noticing, with some trickles from her urethra joining the already profuse wetness from down below.

Soon enough, we were having sex before she could relieve herself. Amazingly she could hold most of it for maybe another 30 minutes, but not too late I started to feel it getting wetter. It was easy to tell whenever she leaked, with the sudden change from the slicky feeling of the natural lubrication to a rougher "water-like" stickier sensation during penetration. These leaks happened more and more often, until I could actually feel a couple jets. A few times I slid out of her she just squirted a long jet, saying sorry while still moaning and begging to continue.

After we finished, we just held each other for a while until she tells she still needs to go, blushing instantly when I asked "after all that?". While still in each other's arms, I told her to do it all at once, which she promptly followed, making a little puddle on top of the mattress protector that was soon absorbed by our bathrobes. Surprisingly, this time the wetness didn't spread as much as other times despite the much larger amount of pee, I guess those were better sheets or most of it went in the bathrobes we left on the bed.

###

Part of the puddle and the double layer siliconized-fabric sheets in place in every love hotel to protect the mattress from squirt, pee, and the large amounts of oil some people like to play with in Japan. No liquid passes it despite not making any noise not feeling like plastic (a few cheap love hotels do use plastic though). Bellow the protection there is also a thing bed pad that can be washed separately from the mattress.

The first wetting:

We ordered bento-boxes and decided to eat outside:

...and cake:

Aftermath of the second wetting (and the infamous Hitachi behind the pillow):

Amenities (sorry, I didn't take any other wetting pictures...):

