My First Time

Author: IneffableXXX

*000*2019-09-19 18:24

This happened a couple of years ago but it’s the closest that I’ve come to wetting myself in public, so I thought this would be a good place to share.

I was traveling with a friend in rural Laos. We wanted to spend a few days in this super remote village that was literally only accessible by riverboat. As one might imagine about transportation in bumfuck nowhere to bumfuck somewhere else, the riverboat was not very efficiently run.

When I woke up that morning, I’d used the toilet as usual. But, I’d also had three cups of coffee and some water. The town we were in had few cars so we had to hire motorcycle taxis to take us from our hostel to the ferry. Just as we were walking out of the lobby, I realized I had to pee. It wasn’t terrible but the nagging sensation was definitely there. I hoped there would be a bathroom at the dock.

A pang of pressure rippled down from my bladder to my groin. I had to fight the urge to grab at myself it with my hands being as I was in public. Even though, I knew I wasn’t near to bursting, I felt a few small dribbles escape. There’s something about those pangs ...the way they feel so good. As the warm liquid found it’s way out from behind my vagina lips and onto my underwear, the small patch grew slighty and clung to my labia lips. I couldn't help but picture how my panties probably looked right then, the wet spot over my mound, the wet fabric showing off every dip and curve of my private parts. The thought was intoxicating. Another wave, produced another slightly stronger leak. I panicked. I knew that it hadn’t been much but I was scared because it was my arousal, not real desperation that had caused me to leak. What was wrong with me?

As I swung my leg over the back of the motorbike to mount it, I savored the squeezing sensation in my abdomen from the tightening of the crotch and waistband of my pants. I felt the wet patch in my panties cool. The feeling of cold wet underwear against my vagina, reminded me of times I’d been naughty or had real accidents as a child. Disgusted and ashamed as I always was when I had these thoughts, I pushed them away but the physical sensation of the wetness wouldn’t let me forget entirely.

I rested myself on the seat and the driver grabbed my legs and pulled me closer so I could hold on more safely. I was shocked to be manhandled in such a way by a stranger and the thought of my piss dampened panties being up against his ass, made me a little light-headed. He revved the engine and we were off.

It was terrifying, the speed with which we traveled down those dirt roads, dodging women carrying baskets, feral chickens, goats, and other motorists. I held on to him tightly, scooting my pelvis towards him. I was acutely aware of how sexual it felt, thrusting my pelvis towards his bum, straddling a vibrating seat as I slid my vagina across it. The vibration and sharp turns of the motorbike made increased the intensity of my desire. The rumbling of the engine vibrating the pee inside my bladder, shaking it all around so that my bladder felt that it could burst from any angles. I clenched my thighs with all my might and fought as hard as I could.

When we arrived, I was relieved to see that although I could feel the crotch of my pants was quite damp, the bike seat had only one a couple small streaks of liquid, which I quickly smeared away with my hand, my face burring red with shame. As I looked up I caught the eyes of the driver. He had a funny look on his face. Then I felt his eyes zero in on my crotch. Even though I was wearing dark jeans, if you’re really looking, I knew you’d be able to see it. It wasn’t a full on wetting, really. I’d just been a bit scared on the bike, and the vibrations had felt so good…

I was able to make it to the bathroom before heading onto the boat. The damage, as I had guessed was extremely limited. And I figured it was unlikely anyone would notice. I bought a couple of beers and went to wait for the boat. It was hot and the drinks were cold.

The sun was beating down as I looked for shade. The river was that ugly muddy brown that many rivers are but it was lined with vibrant green palm trees hinting at what lay on the shore behind them. Stick with me here, I was trying to “be present” and “practice awareness” because the truth was the boat was late, I was bored and had finished three cans of bear already.

I was just thinking I should really go to the bathroom again when the dock workers signaled it was time to board.

“Shit”, I thought. “Well, it’s only an hour”. I was determined not to get left behind. So I got on the boat and took a seat near the back and waited.

And waited.

And. Waited.

I had no idea why were were waiting or what for but I was becoming increasingly anxious that I was more than an hour away from the nearest toilet. I could feel the pressure building. All that liquid from the beers.

“Why did I have to drink so much!” I thought, in vain. I crossed my legs and fidgeted. I tried to distract myself by thinking of other things. I looked around for inspiration….All there was was a river….a long, large, lapping river.

Finally, the boat left the dock and we were off.

“I’m never going to make it,” I thought. “I’m going to have to pee over the side of the boat in front of everyone. Oh my god.”

The sound of the water against the hull of the boat, was torturous. All I could think about was the waterfall I knew needed to be released from within me. I clamped my hand on my crotch. I didn’t even care if the other passengers noticed. It was too crowded for anyone to walk so I had to ask the passengers on either side of me to please pass along an urgent message to the to the captain of the boat, begging him to stop for me or to allow me to pee off the side of the boat.

I was all the way in the back of the boat. I watched the message travel from person to person, group to group. They’d crane their necks around and point at me before moving the message along. My face burned in shame but the pain in my bladder was unlike anything I’d ever experienced before.

This was it. I really was going to pee my pants I knew it. They all knew it.

The captain's response was a disinterested no. I was so far away, it was impossible to protest. So, now, not only did the entire boat know I was desperate to pee but they knew I had been denied so would potentially have an accident. I wanted to die. A spurt escaped and I felt the warm liquid in my hand. I clenched harder and harder. I started crying.

I honestly don’t know how, but I managed to keep it together until we arrived. I jumped off the side of the boat as it came to stop on the bank of the river. I had hoped that water would be deeper and I could just pee right then and there. Unfortunately, it wasn’t very deep at all.

I started running. I didn’t know where I was running I’d never been to this place. I had no idea where to go or what to do.

And then, I felt it. A big leak, bigger than all the others- a quick gush of warm liquid down my leg and I knew there was no stopping it. I pulled down my pants and panties with one swift yank and the pee just gushed out of me. It ran down my legs, pooled between my toes, covered the back of my pants and panties and I couldn’t do anything to stop it. People started. I really, really, really thought I might die. I pulled up my pants and walked back to the boat for my bag as if nothing had happened….my pants had been spared the brunt of it and they were dark...but they all knew.

PS: The picture is still me in wet jeans but from a different and much more recent accident. I just thought it helped illustrate the story better.

