College Desperation Incident

Author: Logan543

*000*2019-09-23 20:15

I thought I would come back with a story a female friend of mine told me awhile back. It was about Tammy ( 5”3, shoulder length dark brown hair, very skinny, tanish skin, glasses, Greek) and her roommate Megan (5"7, long lighter brown hair that she wears at the front that goes down to about her stomach, brown eyes, skinny like a twig all over). They go to a college not far from me and Tammy came to visit me one Friday. She was telling me that last Saturday the University was doing some work on some water pipes and that the water would be shut off from like 5AM until further notice for a few dorms. They told everyone to get their showers in the night before and that their toilets would only have one flush. Well she told me that she woke up that morning and as usual had to take her morning pee. Shortly after Megan woke up and they both just laid in bed on their phones.

She said she noticed Megan had her legs up in the air and was jiggling them quiet frequently. It looked like Megan had also woken up with quiet a need to pee. Finally they got up and started to get dressed and such. She said her bladder pressure made it very difficult to bend over and such as she was used to peeing immediately after waking up. She noticed her roommate was also doing things such as pressing her legs together and crossing them together. It was obvious that both girls had missed out on their wake up pee. At one point Megan finally stated the obvious and said "I really really have to pee". Tammy responded that she did too but they just needed to get dressed and make it to the student center where they'd be able to use the bathrooms there.

Megan at one point even pondered just peeing in the toilet and using the one flush, but they had both agreed to only use the one flush for as Tammy said "The other one, the one you um have to flush" she said blushing. So at this point they walked over to the student center, they were both walking very briskly and were obviously both in dire need of release. They got to the student center and quickly rushed into the bathrooms near the entrance. She said the took the first two stalls and quickly slammed the doors shut. She said she's never gotten herself on a toilet so quick and her roommate hit the seat immediately after. 

Immediately they both released a powerful stream of pee and she heard an audible sigh from the other stall. She said she peed for around 45 seconds with her roommate going around 10 seconds longer. They then both wiped and flushed. While washing their hands at the sink Megan said "Thank God, I had to go so freaking bad!" Tammy told me the relief was amazing. They then hung out in the student center the rest of the day with a working bathroom until the water came back on, to avoid any further "incidents".

