Peeing in my pants at a random Shell station

Author: Type92

*000*2016-02-19 04:28

So today I was driving home from the pet store, as my tarantulas have been demanding a fresh supply of crickets. I have been working most of the day outside on an intake manifold change for a 305 chevy, so my attention was foucsed on that and not my bladder. By the time I decided to run to the pet store for crickets, I was getting pretty desperate. I wasn't really planning on doing a hold and a wetting today, but the idea hit me on the way home, Why not go pee in my pants and make it look like a real accident. This seemed like such a rush, and I have never actually had the courage or been in the position to do this before, so i decided to go for it. 

Also, I had 3 things going for me. 1, I needed to pee bad enough to soak myself. 2, I haven't wet in a good week at least. 3, my khaki pants were kinda greasy and had gasoline stains on them, so they needed a cleaning anyway. I happen to be going home the way that would take me past this secluded shell staition. It was pretty worn down, was always charging too much for gas, and it was almost always empty. I had once thought about wetting there before because it seemed like a safe enough place for a true first time public wetting. Anyway, I decided about a mile away that i was gonna do it, and I was about to pee in my pants anyway so it was now or never. I pulled in and parked in the back corner of the lot, so I could sneak back out without having too many people see me. I walked towards the door, and I realized just how badly I needed to pee.

I was struggling to walk, half because I really needed to go that bad, and half to look as desperate as possible. It was empty inside when I walked in, except for the one employee. She was an older lady with bright red hair. I walked up to her, and i'm sure she could tell something was off by the look on her face. "can I help you"? she asked. "umm Where is your bathroom"? I asked nervously. "its all the way in the back, behind the door on the left" she said. "are you okay"? she asked right after. Seeing my chance to really look like an accident waiting to happen, I said kinda laughing, "Yea, long trip is all".

She looked at me with a blank expression and went back to sweeping. I took baby steps over to the door, and pushed through it. There was a little hallway to the bathroom. I grabbed my crotch with both hands, because there was a camera in the hallway, and I was also pretty close to losing it then. I opened the door to the bathroom, let it close behind me, and looked around. It was a small bathroom, with one stall and one urinal. Suprisingly clean compared to the rest of the place, I almost felt bad for what i was about to do, but I was too excited to give up now. I made two tiny steps toward the urinal, but my body decided it was time. I was caught off gaurd how bad the urge was, and I started peeing without any control.

I squeazed my legs together and pushed both hands in my crotch, and let the warm pee run down my legs. My khaki pants were literally shining with wetness, and a puddle started forming below me. I opened my legs a little, and the rest trickled down my legs and on to the ground. I grabbed a few paper towels and dried off the bottom of my shoes and the cuffs of my pants as much as possible, then tried to wipe up as much of the puddle as possible. After washing my hands for about 50 million years, I took a deep breath, and walked back out into the hallway. I peeked through the door to make sure nobody else was in the station. I was in the clear, so I walked out, and up to the employee.

She turned around and seemingly didn't notice the obvious wet patch running down both legs at first. "umm, this is really embarassing... but I peed my pants in the bathroom by the door. I tried to clean it up, but I thought I should let someone know anyway". She looked down at my pants and looked almost amused, then said "okay" with a blank expression. "I'm sorry" I said and then she said okay again without any emotion whatsoever. I decided that was all I was getting, and walked out just before another person walked in. I put a towel down on the seat and drove home. This happened about 4 hours ago, and I had to post this, as it was very exciting for me getting my first true public wetting out of the way.

