Waiting for the repairman to finish work

Author: CarmenCD

*000*2018-11-10 20:35

This was not really planned and it happened today while waiting for the repairman to replace my leaking toilet with a new one. I was bored while waiting and started reading the Live action omorashi thread and asked for advice what to do to make waiting and supervising a repairman more interesting. Expected repair time was about 30 minutes up to 1 hour and I should be able to hold it long enough for him to finish work and leave. Maybe a leak or two in my panties.

This is the conversion:

{{3 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

I need an advice? I'm not really desperate yet, but my bladder is kind of full and can feel it. The thing is, that I'm expecting a repairmen to arrive in about 30 minutes and replace a toilet water tank that leaks in my bathroom. Should I pee before he arrives or wait and hold it until he will leave? I won't be able to pee in the meantime because I have only one toilet in my flat.

Should I offer him coffee and drink one myself? Should I drink some sode before he arrives? Should I present myself as man or a woman and wear skirt, skinny jeans or leggings ?

}}

{{3 hours ago, Gemgirl said:

Obvious answer is wait for him to finish. With the Coffee. Be ready to take the risk if you do drink it.

}}

{{3 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Good, I'll do it. Well, the worst thing that can happen are wet pants and a little embarrassment. What about the clothes?

}}

{{2 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

Well, I decided on a long blue sweater to cover my ass and crotch, white leggings and fat heel low boots. Kind of mix between male and female mode, because I don't have time to do full make up now and feel silly to wear a skirt without makeup and wig.

I'm starting to feel the need to pee a little. The door bell is ringing...

}}

{{2 hours ago, CarmenCD said:

I served him coffee before he started working and I drank a cup myself.

He is still working on the toilet and I'm getting more desperate minute by minute. I'm already at the stage of crossing my legs when standing still and watching the work progress. He removed the old one, but fitting the new one doesn't go smoothly. He already put it on and off twice, but the pipes doesn't fit properly.

}}

{{1 hour ago, CarmenCD said:

First spurt escaped a minute ago and my panties are a bit wet now. He is becoming kind of nervous too. Maybe he is also desperate, because he drank coffee.

I don't think I can hold it for long any more. Should I wet myself in front of him or make a puddle more privately in the living room?

}}

{{1 hour ago, Mbgpeelover said:

How about saying you need to pee and see if he admits he does too?

}}

Here is what happened after that:

Well, I kind of did ask him. I asked if I can use the bathroom. He was still working on it, but I expected he will say yes and finished work later. But he said no. He didn't say anything about his desperation, I also didn't say anything more about my desperation, just standing there with my legs crossed, all confused. I really didn't expect him to say no.

Because I was really desperate at that point and spurted many times already, wetness started to show on my leggings under the line of long sweater I used to hide wet crotch. I don't know if he noticed wetness on my inner thighs or not, but I could clearly see it, looking in a big mirror on the hallway wall. I started to consider possible scenarios for immediate future, anything not involving wetting myself in front of him. It was eminent I wouldn't last much longer and had to do something. At that point even he noticed my pee pee dances in the hallway and said " You can use it in a few minutes. Can you wait?".

I said "yes", even I was not really sure if that is true or not. But fate intervened and decided outcome for me. I don't really know why, maybe because of my uneven breathing due to strong desperation, but at that moment I started choking on saliva and coughing so hard, I totally lost control over my bladder and wet myself right there in front of him, making a huge puddle in the middle of the hallway. Of course, he saw everything, because he started looking at me the moment I started choking on saliva and squating in the middle of the hallway. I couldn't stop peeing while still gasping for air and totally emptied my bladder in front of him.

And that was really not planned at all. I'm not that bold and self-confident to do something like that on purpose in front of a stranger in my home. I know I asked if I should do it, but I don't think I could actually go through with that even if someone told me to do so. Maybe I would do it somewhere in public, where no one couldn't recognise me, but not at my home where he knows who I am. Possible options I was considering if emergency calls, were peeing through panties and leggings, squating in the middle of the living room and changing clothes before I face the repairman again. Kind of show him what happened, but not literally. 

And I was sure he wouldn't ask for details. But due to unexpected line of events he literally saw what happened after all. I was sooo embarrassed at that moment and I became totally red in my face and feeling hot as it was 40 degrees Celsius in my flat. He was very apologetic and said he didn't realise how bad I had to go, otherwise he would let me use the toilet. Maybe a cliche, but I said, it's ok, not to worry. It's not his fault. At that point I didn't even wanted to change my leggings any more, just wanted him to leave as soon as possible, so he was able to look at me walking around the flat in my totally wet clothes while I was getting money to pay him.

But before he left the apartment, he asked if he can use the bathroom. So, I found out after all, coffee made him desperate too. Of course I said yes, even it would really turn me on if I denied him the use of toilet as he done to me about 15 minutes earlier. I also asked him not to tell anyone what happened. It seems appropriate and suggested I'm ashamed of what happened and didn't do it on purpose. He said yes, but I kind of doubt he won't tell to his coworkers or at home. I'm sure it looked very amusing to him.

I just wonder if anyone else had close calls or even wetting accident while waiting for a repairman to do his work or cleaning lady to let them use the bathroom?

*002*2018-11-11 20:43

SuiteHeat

I was standing in front of him in wet leggings and wanted him out of my flat as soon as possible, not debating about the use of the bathroom.

I'm also a submissive person by nature and not the one to make demands or deny people use of the toilet. Maybe in my imagination sometimes, but I wouldn't dare to do it in real life.

I actually wet myself because of that a few years ago, when a women asked if she can skip the line for the bathroom, because she really need to go and I said yes, even I was on the verge of wetting myself already. It's really hard for me to say no to someone face to face.

