Too Lazy to Get Out of Bed

Author: LivingOmo

*000*2019-09-30 01:12

Last night I was lying in bed with my boyfriend, and we were just breathing together and half-dozing. I was lying on him, and he was curled around behind me like a comfy armchair. There was no way I was getting up. I began masturbating to the sexiness of feeling safe and warm in a lover’s embrace. I did kinda have to go though. As the pressure in my bladder built I felt myself relaxing more and more and I led my partner’s hand town to me to stroke me. He gently, rhythmically rubbed up and down and I sighed and leaked on his hand. He instantly became focused and aroused. He moaned as his hand grew slippery. I closed my eyes and felt like I was pleasantly losing consciousness I emptied my bladder slowly and orgasmed intensely, repeatedly. We did this for a little over an hour and the puddle under us grew and grew into a deep lake. We had to use four towels to soak it up before going to bed.

*002*2019-09-30 16:29

{{2 hours ago, mypeesecret said:

Does your bf know about your wetting fetish already, or was this the first time he experienced something like this with you?

}}

He is very aware and we’ve done a couple different things with it together.

*009*2019-10-02 03:22

{{13 hours ago, wetskipants said:

What an amazing experience. Nowhere near being able to do that with my wife (yet). Was the puddle only yours or did your boyfriend add to it?

}}

It was just mine actually! I squirt too so thats a lot of fun. If I asked him he’d probably do it but I know its not really his fetish. Plus I prefer to be the “giver” not receiver. We do some other watersports with me peeing on top and also with me peeing while he’s penetrating me, but thats technically not omorashi so I probably wont write any stories about that.

In an omo context, we do more “bondage prisoner wets herself” and “she cant hold it all the way home” and “she’s holding during sex”

{{7 hours ago, wet_runner said:

That is so amazing! You two are so lucky! Thank you for sharing! Loved reading this.

}}

Thank you! I personally have the opinion of don’t settle for less- so it wasn’t luck in my case! I hand picked this one

But I do feel very fortunate of my circumstance as well, because I was lucky yo find him while I’m young so I get to enjoy this for a long long time!

{{On 9/30/2019 at 10:27 AM, mypeesecret said:

That’s awesome, nice to talk to somebody who is in a relationship and gets to endulge in the wetting fetish. I don’t know how “into it” he is, but I thought I would share a little. I’m definitely the omo lover In Our relationship, but my wife enjoys doing things that she knows will get me going, and we do some pee play stuff pretty much once a week on the weekends. We keep a waterproof mattress cover on the bed, with a nice clean sheet underneath, and a pillow top cover and sheet on top of the waterproof cover so we are comfy and don’t feel like there is protection underneath us for the regular days.

My favorite days are when my wife wakes up in the morning before me and will cuddle up into me like a little spoon, waking me up just a little, then start letting herself go and pee onto me to wake me up. If your bf seems to be getting into the omo fetish than I would highly recommend surprising him this way some time when you can. It is literally my favorite thing in this world. Anyways, thanks for sharing and I hope you get to continue to enjoy the omo life in the fiture!

}}

Thank you for your comments!

*015*2019-10-22 03:33

{{On 10/2/2019 at 8:18 AM, Helena said:

Tell us more!!

}}

{{On 10/2/2019 at 11:44 AM, wetskipants said:

I agree. Love to hear some of these stories in detail.

}}

Well we haven’t done a lot yet but this one is pretty hot:

I came home very desperate and wasn’t allowed to use the bathroom until the next day (or midnight if I could stay up till then.) But you see, I came home at like, noon, so there was no way to hold it at a 8/10 for 12 hours. I did my very best though. I played some video games and read some blog articles while I squirmed. My bf stroked himself to me and teased me and tickled. I could hardly stand it but I lasted until about 7 pm. I was shaking and panting, my heart was racing, and I was incredibly turned on as my partner was face-fucking me. I was bouncing on my knees and my legs were crossed behind me and I could tell it was the end. “Love, I need...”

”To go?” He laughed, “then go right there.”

I leaked a little in my panties and he saw it trickle down my leg.

He said, ”You’re serious? Ok you can go to the bathroom if you want love.”

I stood up and moaned- the rest of it shot through me as I stumbled into the bathroom, and I ended up soaking the floor.

“That’s my girl.” He said lovingly, and bent me over and fucked me, and I came so hard that I screamed and nearly passed out. It was awesome.

